I have a 20 gauge 3/4oz slug, 3" with 1700 fps muzzle velocity. Should it be enough to kill me painlessly? Should I aim in the mouth and point it up, or aim for the back of my head near the neck?
I have Limeplus Dip 97.8% Sulfurated Lime Solution 16oz x2 and Lysol Toilet cleaner between 5% - 10% Hydrochloric Acid 32oz x2.
I am trying to find a good mix for use in either a bathroom or a semi large 4 door car, to move my self onto another plane of existence. But I am not quite sure the right mixture to use. Can you help me?
I suffer from severe chronic pain, and cancer, and I do no longer want to be a burden to my friends and family. So I am trying to make life easier for everyone.
Thank you for the help on this.
Someone has a link?
I bought 25mg of 99% pure fentanyl hcl powder. I have a few questions, because if this doesn't kill me, my life will be worse than it is now. If I stick it under my tongue, will it all be absorbed? How will my body look when they find it? Is there any chance they will think it was a natural death (this won't make a difference, I am just curious)?
I've always had that line of reasoning, that what's the point of killing yourself if you're not gonna take some idiots with you? We all got people we hate. What's better than making their families lives a living hell?
Is it possible to sufficate yourself with a pillow? How long does it take to eventually die?
Okay, how the fuck do I kill myself at home?
I'm kind of on 'suicide watch' so making an exit bag is impossible. There are no high rise buildings in my town.
What do I do?
I have seen this method work with regular trains, but where I am there is none nearby, is only the subway.
Could it work with the train entering the station at this speed, and with this kind of wheels?
Is instant death?
Who is willing to take the risk and do this together? I haven't figured out why i want someone next to me. Probably not to pussy out.
How painful do you think drowning really is?
I mean in terms of prior to blackout and or death.
Also how long does it take to blackout and or die?
Evidence to support the claim would be appreciated, looking for scientific substantiation.
I am so happy, /suicide/
I found some rope and a sturdy eye-hook on a beam in the garage of my parents basement.
Now I have my way out. Finally. After all the fear of technique and all the doubt.
Won't be tonight but I know once my last fleeting joys in this world dry up I finally have my exit.
Can I kill myself with Ritalin? I have 2 bottles of Ritalin LA 20mg. would it kill me?
maybe a combination of Ritalin with Bupropion or caffeine? I am desperate.
Injected in abdomen (subcutaneous). What is 0-100% likelihood of success (with no tolerance)?
I prefer not to add anything else (e.g alcohol).
what does /suicide/ think about this site?
looks to be pretty informative as far as methods go
Would they do the job. I have taken two instead of one few days ago and i almost fainted. Would taking 98 Losartan pills just stop my heart ?
Post all the tradenames you find for Nembutal/Pentobarbital.
I've personally come across Lethabarb and recently Pisabental. I'm sure the PPeH has more but I haven't purchased it yet.
How much lorazepam (ativan) would it take to die?
Enough to make me pass out, stop breathing, and asphyxiate.
How many milligrams
Any self-harmers?
I don't care about the pain. Just want to know the quickest lethal injection that i can create in my home. Painfull or not, it's the same to me.
So this method seems perfect on paper. Its cheap, discreet, and supposedly applies uniform pressure to the Jugular and Carotid when done right but i'm still having some apprehension for this method.
From what i understand:
MUST be hook-less
Familiarize yourself with the mechanism to where it becomes second nature to you
Keep shears handy just in case
Optimal webbing thickness is 25MM
Has to be tightened "right below the jaw" to best not compress windpipe and Adam's apple
Can someone provide an illustration?
When it comes time to act you have to tighten the ratchet quickly and hard enough to get both Carotid Artery and Jugular Vein blocked without giving your body time to adjust. You still need to have it loose enough to breathe.
Things I'm not sure on
Having to use padding
Last Five Acts didn't mention it but some people here had issues with the webbing compressing the airway too much with AND without padding. Are they doing something wrong?
Cutting excess webbing
Five Acts and an old google suicide thread say you should.
This was all I was able to piece together on this method. It being mentioned on the strangulation mega-thread was the first time I've ever heard of it, to be honest.
Does it depress you? The fact you can't talk to anyone personally about your plans of killing yourself without worrying about being trolled, committed, or pushed away? Unless you're dying by assisted suicide, it seems you're completely on your own for this decision.
Do you feel it?  I do, sometimes.
That feeling when everything seems to matter less.  When choices besides "live or die" become meaningless.  When the periphery of life darkens and the only thing illuminated is your hand and the gun on the nightstand.
Take it or don't.
I imagine myself at the head of a council of men - all of them different aspects of my own psyche, all debating on whether this time will be it.  Whether this time will be the last time or just another time where we conducted this pointless debate.
And there off in an alcove of the room, standing by himself is death.  Not imposing, not demanding to be heard - for he does not need to speak a word for everyone to understand why he is there.  He does not move.  Does not blink from his unceasing skeletal stare.
No one talks to him, yet everyone in the room must silently acknowledge him.  Utterly chilling.  An entirely unique feeling getting close to that.
I have only been shot at (on accident) once in my life, but trust that sound when a bullet whizzes by you is bone chilling.
I got myself stuck in the woods once unprepared and it was getting down to 2p degrees. Didn't have the clothes or gear to survive the night in the tent and life got real simple real fast.  Keep the fire going or freeze to death.  Felt him then - in the pitch black where the only light for miles in those woods was my campfire (which might as well have been my life in that moment) I could feel him.  Watching, patiently waiting.
It's only a matter of time.  One day he will reach out for me as he does for everyone.  The only question is before that time - will I reach first?
Is it a good idea to commit suicide by jumping in front of a train?
There's enough train stations here where high-speed trains zip past, making for a perfect lethal jump, no?
ITT: Suicide-related movies
 Nicolas Cage stars as a suicidal alcoholic who has ended his personal and professional life to drink himself to death in Las Vegas. While there, he develops a relationship with a hardened prostitute
You can bloody  well forget about in the State of Iowa.
I confessed suicidal thoughts, and spent two days in a hospital and was bounced out,, they asked if I wanted to leave I told them I didn't care either way so they put me on a bus,, I went home and tried to kill myself with Carbon Monoxide and failed.. I sent a farewell e-mail who called the proper authoriies.. I spent two days in crisis house,, I even told them I was unstable and asked for electric shock therapy. (I've had it twice now) I was still sent home to an empty apartment.
I think they want me to do it. I' 48 and have been on disability for over a decade. I have no wife or children.  They want me to do it, they just won't help me.  fucking bastards!
I'm sure this has been discussed before, but it still baffles me that there is always or nearly always some kind of positive outpouring or virtue signaling every fucking time when people kill themselves.
With the same reaction wherein people scream "don't" instinctively upon seeing someone put a gun to their own head, it seems like people are equally as quick to talk about how "tragic" someone's suicide was or how "they seemed so happy most of the time."
I mean I get it - there's no altruism.  That this reaction is done for themselves, just like the kneejerk to get people to stop a suicide attempt.  It's not done for the sake of the suicidal, it's done for the sake of the onlooker because they don't want to have to watch truth and the ugliness of reality play out in front of their eyes.  They don't want to have to be reminded of their mortality.  Don't want to have to witness the fact that life is such shit for some people that they would rather make a nice bowl of brain salad than continue to live in meaningless agony.
People don't give a shit until it affects them.  Then when it does they're all too quick to jump on the fucking train and virtue signal their asses off in an effort to look sympathetic, but they fucking aren't.
There was a guy I knew a while back in high school.  Extremely attractive guy, easily 9/10, fucking chiseled 6ft tall, played with him on the football team.  He played guitar, could do life-like charcoal art of people.  He wasn't some failure.
I worked with him one summer where we were both hired by a local guy to clean up a huge landscaping project for about a week in some terrible heat.  And I knew the guy already, but long story short, over the course of that week he told me about how he was bipolar and could sometimes cry for days or find no joy in anything.  I explained to him I felt the same sometimes.  I kept up with him until we graduated.
About 2-3 years afterwards I got the news he suicided.  I showed up at his funeral and here are all the kids from high school are talking about how fucking "sad" it is.
"Sad" that he finally freed himself from his torment?  "Sad" that he refused to keep popping the pills and medications that were turning him into a zombie?
Kids didn't even fucking know, and yet there they stood all making sure how much everyone else saw them being "mournful."
Fucking baffling.
What brands of CO meters will display readings of at least 4,000 ppm?  The portable ones seem to have low limits.
Skip out before the collapse.
The future is going to be famine and war.
A dark age from which mankind will never emerge because all the resources for higher civilization will be gone.
If you hyperventilate in a squatting position for about forty breaths and then stand up and blow on your thumb you will faint. I just tried it and it works. So what if you did this over a body of water? It could be a bathtub. Your unconscious self would breath in the water and you would die. The question is whether you would remain  unconscious and die painlessly or awake thrashing and drowning; your lungs filled with water. The window of unconsciousness was very small for me and that is also a problem but I'm presuming you can't regain consciousness if you can't breath in new air. If you look at the videos this window also varies. Maybe someone can correct me on that. Video shows technique.  Be aware: if your going to test out the fainting it wasn't pleasant. In a dream like state I was filled with fear and the bizzareness of taking my own life struck me in a very very horrible way.
I was thinking like Japan, suicide in the US should be legalized as well as drugs as long as it doesn't physically hurt anyone else. This would be darwinistic, as only the strong and smart would survive. What are your thoughts on this?
Alright guys, help me with my plan.
5 oxycontin, then handgun to my head.
What milligrams? What caliber? What's the cheapest yet most effective gun to kill myself?
I put the gun up to my head but I was too scared to pull the trigger. gonna try again this saturday maybe I just need to get black out drunk first.
Is there anything more depressing than a failed suicide attempt?
One that no one notices. Stories of failed attempts and consequences of those attempts. (if anyone noticed)
Has anyone had success getting a gun online without a permit or license? I can't get one due to hospitalization history and I know little to nothing about buying guns. After all, it's gonna be a one time use.
Its hard to tell who's actually killed themselves on this board so I propose a system. Become a tripfag (I know its hard but its for a good cause) and post a picture. You keep posting that picture everyday your alive. If you don't want to post a picture anymore you post that picture with an x over it. You can always reenter by reposting. If someone does not post in three consecutive days we can assume theyve died (or theyre assholes). If youve noticed someones died post their picture with RIP over it.
People die on accident from this all the time.
Charcoal grill in an enclosed space. CO poisoning.  If people don't even notice it happening how bad could it be?
Tried it once before. I guess I need to tape up the windows and the garage door or something.
Should I write a note?
I don't know who did it but someone bumplocked or autosaged the last thread. Please don't do this again because the thread means alot to me and other people who seemed interested. the last thread was very civilized and tame, so I humbly request that you let this thread be in peace.
I'm not here to convince you to kill yourself or to not kill yourself, I'm only here to give you some deep philosophy that will break the chains of your mind and set you free in some ways you didn't know existed. I want to un-fuck you up, I want to undo to your mind what the world has made you sick with. I want to make you stronger and happier. I want you to know God is with you, and I'm not talking about going to some stupid church or joining some stupid cult or religious belief system. Okay, lets get started.
thread theme:
remember everyone, we are on the great journey. It's kind of the experience that matters, but in the end it doesn't even really matter, it's kind of the journey that matters, but it doesn't actually matter, because it's the destination that matters.
I'm going to start with some (alot) backround first to provide some clarity and explain some stuff, then gradually move into the topic of the thread after some lies are destroyed and some truths are well understood. I highly reccomend you read through it all, it seems like it would take hours but only takes a few minutes of passionate and interested reading to get to the heaven part.
don't worry.
I used to be brainwashed by these "you can't escape " "you keep reincarnating" "accept it" guys but I broke free because I got very enlightened. the funny thing is that the more enlightened you get the more desperate they get to try and shill you. part of your desire to break free is evidence of your growing enlightenment.
It IS totally possible that God may have you "come back" for different reasons until you are "done" or maybe just have you do one "life" and be done. God can do anything, but one of my points is that there is no fucking reason why you should beleive what anyone says or think that you are guaranteed to be stuck on earth forever. fuck that.
don't listen to the damage control shills who may rush to the thread to tell you "just accept it you are trapped" "deal with it" as they will try to discredit this. listen to your self. trust your instincts, your gut feelings. God gave you that power. search your feelings to know the truth and your "bullshit radar" will help you know the difference. I can't say that I know why God put us here but experiencing this the way it is, is probably a part of it. maybe we are supposed to know the true meaning of a universe that is flawed by design and know why that's bad. built in obsolescence is a pain in the ass, but God did it all for some reason that humans don't have the senses or the perception of reality to grasp the reasoning behind. God controls everything. if anyone tells you that God wouldn't or couldn't they are delusional because God, being the definition of the abscense of limitation is responsible for everything. there is no coincidence, there is no luck. there are no lords, no kings, no presidents, no corporations, only God. I would throw away a bible in the trash can without a single worry, because the will of God surrounds us and penetrates us all.
Has anyone got an opinion on using Sodium Nitrite as a suicide method?  Seems almost too good to be true, seeing how cheap and easily available it is.  Only requires 4.7 grams for a lethal dose (more if you're bigger), can buy 100 grams for $5.  It's a salt that is used in meat curing (so it won't raise suspicion).  Causes methemoglobinemia, so you pass out and eventually die from lack of oxygen in blood.  There are a few stories you can google of accidental deaths when it has been mistaken with table salt in cooking.  There was also an episode of Royal Pains where someone almost died from using it on popcorn instead of regular salt before intervention.  I'm planning on filling a few gel capsules with the stuff and taking it with anti-emetics and maybe some opiods.
I've been contemplating broadcasting my suicide over the internet. I dub my plan:
Project Wakizashi v0.1
WHY BROADCAST IT ON THE INTERNET
Their are a vast number of reasons for and against broadcasting this on the internet. Ultimately the good outweighs the bad. Some reasons include:
* Documenting a non-assisted, non-medical and successfull use of "The Helium Hood Method" to terminate one's life by an amateur
* As an example mostly aimed at those with serious intentions of self-deliverance/suicide
- To show a painless, dignified, relatively "easy"/possible method of suicide is available and has been used successfully
- To show in detail the planning, materials, method of "The Helium Hood Method" all the way from gathering the materials to the successfull execution.
ISSUES
Broadcasting a suicide can be a dangerous prospect
* Chance of being stopped if your location is found by the authorities or if some do-gooder reports your live stream

Ok guys, so let's get some dialect going on how best to broadcast a live suicide over the internet without getting fucked over.
(SEE GIF ANIMATION)
THIS IS HOW YOU DON'T BROADCAST A SUICIDE.
Here's some of my ideas:
*Webcam feed to be delayed by some amount of time 20mins-2hours. This will mean once the suicide is being shown it should have already been completed preventing any action being taken to stop it. Additionally if the suicide attempt fails, there is a chance to cancel the webcam feed before it is seen.
Does anyone know how to delay a webcam feed?
*Where to stream the feed?
- What website should the feed be streamed to? Something that won't be able to cancel the feed if they object to the content.
*Saving the video
- Somewhere to upload that either automatically saves, or organising with users from either here or other pro-suicide places to save the stream and then upload it to youtube or another suitable video hosting website.
Ok, I can't be assed typing anymore now. Any ideas guys? I'll have a look into this myself. I am fairly computer savvy so if there's a way I'll find it, or get it with help from your lovely selves ;)
Hey. 2 years ago, having the Japanese "The Complete Manual of Suicide," I read one of the sections on electrocution suicide.
The point was that after you set the time, you could ingest sleep inducing pills, and it will electrocute you in your sleep, stopping your heart.
I want to ask if you guys think this method works or not?
How old were you when you first started thinking about doing yourself in?  I remember being 12 and thinking about running into the freeway to get hit by a semi truck.  When I was like 14 I found a roof access in a tall building and I started thinking about jumping.
How old were you?  What methods did you think of back then?
Hey guys. I think I'm going to go through with it. In my current situation, the best course of action would be to die of blood loss from cuts in the right places. How do I know what cuts are the best? Are there any specific veins or arteries I should focus on? Thank you!
I posting this in some other thread.. but it's worthy of it's own thread.
There is no occasion when the soul should be humoured more than at the moment of death. Let the soul depart as it feels itself impelled to go;[9] whether it seeks the sword, or the halter, or some drought that attacks the veins, let it proceed and burst the bonds of its slavery. Every man ought to make his life acceptable to others besides himself, but his death to himself alone.
the wisdom of the classical world is behind you..
I'm out in 3 days - September 20th.
Is there anything to do before?
I'm not interested in discussing motives or methods. This is simply what I've chosen.
Hi /suicide/
I've spent some time compiling the ASH2 wiki[1] in book format.
It contains lots of useful information, enjoy!
Two days in the psych ward,, begged them for E.C.T.  they gave me a script for some useless pill that will only turn my bowel movement into a weekly hour long event.
When they asked me if I wanted to leave I said I didn't care either way,, no money to made by saving me.. Going to off myself with the wrist band with the doctors name on it. Hope my family sues that Paki Bitch into oblivion.. Great success.. I get to die, I get to ruin some quack and I finally bring in some income for my family.
It's on. mother fuckers!
So this is my major problem at the moment and I feel like if I ordered it to a hotel both the hotel staff and the suppliers would probably call the cops. The only thing I can think of now is to rent air bnb. The suppliers say they do next day delivery. But there is still a risk a neighbour or the owner will see me hauling a large canister of gas plus hose and regulator into the apartment and become over curious. What kind of address could I give? I cant use a mail hotel because their boxes are too big. Could I give the suppliers something other than address?
Someone make a Bingo Card out of this.
I got 8 out of 14.
but it been that way for years.
Guys, will this work? I plan on staying up as late as possible and than drinking an entire wine bottle, pretty big size untill i pass out. Will it work? My butt is on the ground
Muh abortion
 I can't get laid!
Muh feelings
Life isn't fair!
The mean Anons harassed me!
I'm a failure!
This is what I see apmost all of the time, why not end your life instead of bitching, fags?
Like others I want to die.  Also like others I can't take my own life either for moral reasons or backwards meatspace reasons.  I am comfortable with a warrior's death.  What is the easiest way to conscript yourself to an active war.
Has anyone else ever thought of dying this way?
Is this a dumb way to try and die?
If there are multiple afterlives, would I go to valhalla?

I've decided.
For some background: my ex girlfriend raped me, abused me, made me look like the bad guy when she broke up with me. I've been getting sexually harrassed at school for over a semester, now.
Everything has been a struggle. I've been trying so, so hard to fight it, but since I was nine years old people have been raping me, abusing me, and I can't live like this anymore. I can't handle being told that it doesn't matter because they were women.
I have no idea how to do it. I'd rather it not hurt when I kill myself. I've hurt enough.
But this is the place to look, so.
Tips? What should I do? I'd like it to be as low profile as possible, but I'm in a college dorm so Idk, they'd notice me if I went missing.
I have the reasons to kill myself but I don't understand why I cant just do it. I know that there is no afterlife nor a reason to live but for some reason when killing myself seems like a good idea, it seems as if I don't have enough dedication to do it ;-;
How do I just end it?
Am I the only one like this?
Is this just mere depression?
List the things that keep you alive.
As someone who put a .45 to his temple and couldn't pull the trigger, here's my discrete list:
-haven't played through Fallout 4 yet. Want to.
-haven't played through GTA V yet. Want to.
That's about it, folks.
Make a full backpack of whatever explosive like C4.
Beforehand, visit tons of islamic or jewish sites, leave a good chunk of browser history full of "radicalization" material. Lots of searches like "why is it right for a jew to kill muslims", etc. and notes telling your reasons, so as to incite awesome levels of hatred between jews/muslims/BLM/feminists - things you'd love to be seen on TV after your death. "As a true feminist, here's why toxic semitism must be stopped", "as an ally of black lives matter, here's why George Soros must win against us evil, terrible white people". Make it worthy of Kek.
Then, visit a synagogue/mosque/campus/etc, shout some variation of "alahu akbar!" for whatever cult you picked ("praise the SCUM manifesto!"), then go ahead.
It takes just a few easy steps to leave a nice trail of breadcrumbs and you'll be laughing from your grave. If there is life after death, you'll be fucking proud, if not, you can die with tears of joy.
Can love make a humans reconsider suicide ?
or let us forget and ignore the pain and meaningless of life ?
How do I get over the fucking ambivalence
I don't want it to be this way I just want to be able to have the mindset to pass on
I know if I sever my femoral artery, I'll  bleed out in less then thirty minutes.
I have a steak knife. Stabbing it into my thigh will hurt less then her hanging up on me. It would hurt less then not getting into grad school, and it would end all this pain.
But I cannot plunge the knife into my thigh.
I hate myself even more now.
kill self
parents are sad
post about it on facebook
friends and co workers share it
everyone i've ever met finds out I've killed myself
I guess I'll be too dead to care but I'd rather avoid this, any ideas?
I have a 9mm so it's not going to look like an accident
I'd like to hear why you want to kill yourself.
I want to hear about whats holding you back.
I want to hear your idea about death.
Whats you're rush? Stay a bit, enjoy. Why not do what you want before ending in a bang? Why does your death have to be so uneventful. When you're about to die, anything is possible, so whats holding you back?
Honestly, if it weren't for my parents, I'd like to finish up some things in this life I've been wanting to do, buy some good ol' H. and then melt away into the next thing after death.
On the other hand, I might end up killing myself anyways, leaving an extensive, intricate, well written note. I've thought of a manifesto before, but it doesn't seem worth the time and energy, so a note will do (Besides, no one wants to read a fucking book about you anyways). I'm kinda hoping that they'll understand and not grieve for me after reading it.
I mean, I did make the choice, and my reasons seem valid (TO ME).
It actually kinda fucking sucks that I actually have to write a note about my reasons leading up to the moment, as if I had to explain myself. Fuck.
They won't understand anyways. People never do.
People live, and then they die.
I don't find this part of the "infinity" (as I call it) very appealing since it is full of unnecessary things to my consciousness. I do deal with them, but I know that there is something better and greater than all of this (In its own way) awaiting me after this trip.
But who knows, maybe I'll be worse off in my death somehow. I don't actually know what happens after life but I'm not afraid of it. I think its dumb for people to think that you just die and thats just it. I used to think that, but now I know that death is something far more greater than meets the eye, and doesn't just solely rely on materialistic theories. Its something far bigger and abstract than we can even begin to comprehend, and this life and death itself is a tiny little detour on something much greater, far more greater than we can even comprehend or fathom.
Did you expect committing suicide to be so hard?
Did you consider the after? Don't tell me that you thought you'd just do it, its a lot more than that (to me anyways.)
Do it because you're ready.
Honestly, I'm excited for what awaits me when I step through that door, when I cross those blurred lines.
I'm not expecting some big compensation or anything, or if God is gonna give me some condo up in heaven or if hes gonna make me live on the streets in hell. No, its goes beyond that. That is just child's play.
Maybe, though. At the same time, I kinda feel like there is a few things I have to touch base with. So much to do.
I'm not here to convince anyone of anything, or to make any moral judgements. If you wanna off yourself, that's your deal.
But remember the world is your fucking oyster if you don't mind dying.
You can do so much insane shit without a future, you can go anywhere, see anything, and worst case: you die, which is the goal anyways, right?
Why hang yourself when you can die just as quick sinking all your cash into seeing Antarctica and jumping off a fucking glacier when you're done? Why risk an exit bag fuck-up giving you brain damage when you can see any number of beautiful volcanic locales before jumping onto one of the world's many active volcanoes for a guaranteed instant death?
And if you catch the bug for travel and decide to stick around, cool by you, but ultimately nobody is going to remember you tomorrow if you stay home. If you jump into a volcano, or stroll into Fallujah in a suit made of dragon dildos, you'll die a legend rather than a shitstain. Just my two cents.
The lethal dosage at which about half of all people die is about 2mg (will make you stop breathing while unconscious) and you can buy 50mg of an analogue for less than 30 bucks that will surely kill you on TOR based markets from this seller and other sellers from various markets:
grams7enufi7jmdl.onion/infodesk/vendor/0xBB03AAD2E462B772
You can access the url via the TOR browser, which you can dl here:
You can buy needles online or from pharmacies (some pharmacists will ask questions). You can get them from needle exchanges as well if your city has heroin junkies.
You could also rub it into your gums or give yourself an enema with a solution, but injecting it is not so complicated and will most definitely kill you.
Heyx I wanna kill myself as painlessly and quickly as possible. All I have is a 22lr pistol, knives, bleach and other chemicals. I have about 30 rounds for the pistol, so would emtying all those bullets into my heart area work?
Killed herself on live TV, forty-one years ago.
Hi all.
I recently tried to exit using the reputable exit bag + inert gas method. I rented a Nitrogen tank to do the task. However it failed dismally.
Firstly I think the stupid sales lady at the gas company sold me the wrong thing. I wanted a gas flow regulator to ensure a flow of 15LPM out of the tank. But she sold me this "Nitrogen Purge Kit". Without looking much into it I thought it would do the trick from the product brochure she sent me (see attached) but I think the gauge is meant for testing tank pressure, and not gas flow regulation.
I performed the process as shown in this video:
Helium is better 6B by: babbelzoete
I put the plastic bag on top of my head with a sweatband around the base to keep the bottom end tight. I pressed down on the bag to expel all the air inside and wrapped around my head like a showercap.
Once the bag had been inflated by the slow rate of Nitrogen I expelled all the air from my lungs and quickly pulled down the bag over my head. The sweatband kept it closed, but not airtight around my neck.
I tried this twice. The second time I did it for 2 minutes or so expecting to lose consciousness. I was breathing very heavily and it was very traumatic. By the end there was lots of mucus or some saliva all over the inside of the bag. But neither time did I lose consciousness.
After the second attempt I was a bit light-headed and agitated at the complete failure for the method to work as advertised. I was very disheartened and have no idea why the method failed as patheticly as it did. I immediately craved Crystal Methamphetamine and was very depressed. I had left a time-delayed facebook message to tell of my passing which I had to cancel. A couple of weeks have passed now where I've been procrastinating.
I want to make another attempt, but please could someone provide some insight as to what might have gone wrong? I am going to contact the gas supplier again and complain they sold me the wrong thing (the "Nitrogen Purge Kit" instead of a gas flow regulator)
Any insight anyone could provide would be greatly appreciated. This method did not at all work as described. And it seems as though it should be exceedingly simple a task to perform properly.
Was wondering how much heroin or morphine id need to overdose first time? I'm lightweight. Does it need to be injected?
It's such a badly thought out game. Those playing can make bets but they can't possibly pay. Someone else must complete lost bets for them. Playing to lose costs nothing. Playing to win requires work.
There's another way to look at it of course. Playing just for fun. Two people enter and have the most extreme adrenaline rush, but only one leaves. Anyone want to play?
Let's talk about shrinks and how fucking useless they and how much they charge.
I remember one asshole who charged me 80 bucks an hour,, two days wages for me,, I told him I was frustrated, I hated my job. That I was lonely and women ignored me because I was poor.
He told me I need a "paradigm shift".  I guess that meant I should learn to like being alone, poor, and having the neighborhood tweens come by my workplace to tease me.
I
Song that's the theme to your depression
Song to play while you end it all
Song to play at your funeral
OP's picks
Closer - Nine Inch Nails
Boku No Pico theme
Promise - Akira Yamaoka
I probably am going to sound like a hippy, but I think this is interesting.
My religion is: I don't give a fuck anymore
If religion could be 100% proven, it would've been now. Atheism is not 100% proven either. So if we can't prove anything why even think about it, or fight? Who fucking cares anymore about it to be honest.
Tl;dr: nothing can be proven after death, religion is not 100% ever (including atheism), we have 2 options: kill ourselves now or waste away naturally
It's cheap. It's easy.  It's readily available. The symptoms of poisoning sound a lot like drinking too much, getting sick, and passing out,  unpleasant, but nothing I haven't done before.. but with the bonus of never waking up.
It supposedly doesn't even taste all that bad.
I want to end it with a mix of pills -about 100 (xanax, diazepam,lormtazepam etc.) and a botle of scotch (maybe a glenlivet 18). Someone here with an special advice or experience with this? Maybe survivers?
Basically I kind of believe that I'll go to hell if I shoot myself.  I have my own gun, Glock 9MM with hollow pointed bullets.  All I need is for someone to come and kill me.  I live in Oklahoma.  Anyone down to kill me?
I hate my life.  I'm going to fail out of school.  I have no other last resort except to kill myself.  Someone help me die.  Please.
Hey what about chlorine gas? You should be able to make it with just household products. How effective is it?
I'm interested in drowning. Any advice or tips?
I'm thinking go in the water and attempt to inhale to make the process faster.
Would sleeping pills help the unconscious along?
I need help.
I want to commit suicide but I don't know how?
I think I'm also too scared. So do you have some tips?
Here is a way to end it within anti-gun states.
A flaregun insert. They are, themselves, not considered a firearm. A flaregun is not considered a firearm.
Now an intention of combining them requires registration but that doesn't really matter does it?
So you get an insert, a flaregun (has to be a metal one) and some ammo from walmart or whatever. For cheap and in anti-gun states you can blow your brains out.
I just got a job lined up and I'm going to save up for this package using some simple subterfuge (to avoid interception) to acquire the 3 components.
Does anyone know how painfully/agonizing the old slitting your wrist+bathtub method would be?
I really wish I could do the Nembutal thing, because I don't want to traumatized whoever would find me, but I'm getting impatient
The most common suicide demographic is middle aged men.
and no one cares. no one talks about, no one makes an outreach program.
It all goes to prevent high school kids from offing themselves.
Why? Because when a teen ager does it,, even if they were a complete shithead, we can all talk about the lost potential and cry over that lost magic future.
When a divorced unemployed bankrupt 45 year old blows his brains out,, it's really hard to say it wasn't the smart move.
So, going to hang myself, but I need a strong enough rope. Anything that supports 190lbs plus deceleration that I can buy?
I want to blow my brains out with a shotgun like Eric Harris did. What is the best shell/round to use. I cant decide between 12gauge buck and a slug.
Anyone here legitimately considering this?
I don't know what it is, but Donald Trump just inspires some kind of hope in me which I never had before. He's the kind of leader that only comes along once in a lifetime. I'm not saying he's perfect, but atleast he'll seriously shake up the current establishment order and bring about change for the better.
So if he loses, then there really is no reason for me to exist anymore.
would drinking isopropyl alchohol be a good painless method of suicide? I heard it was toxic and it can kill you if you injest enough of it. It's usually used to wipe thermal paste off of computer components though.
I've heard there are clinics in Switzerland, maybe Holland and also Washington State, USA, that will euthanize depressed suicidal people. Is this true? How does one go about this? Any other locations or nations that will do this?
Lethal injection assisted by doctors who know what they are doing sounds pretty much perfect, painless, and not prone to error. They can harvest my organs afterwards if they want.
Anyone know where, how, how much, etc.?
Have you found the place where you'll end yourself when your parents or your last remaining parent die ?
I did, it will be nice watching the stars sat against a tree while my blood leaves my body.
What are you planning on having for your last meal, if any? I'm planning on ordering a huge take out with pizza, chips, kebab etc.
My method is finally ready. Since I had a feeling that a pack of 120 yew seeds alone would likely not be enough, I have acquired a concoction of roughly 72 grams of fresh yew needles, dried for increased potency and are now packed into teabags, ready to be brewed. Now the question is, how would you rate my chance of success.
I'm pretty sure at this point I want to do pills + alcohol + plastic bag.  I'd like to fall asleep euphoric and pass that way.
What type of pills do I use?  Specific names?  Has to be something that:
1) Won't make me barf washed down with vodka
2) I can get from a normal drug dealer I know
3) Causes euphoria, good feelings, and sleep
I hear benzos are the way to do it - that's Xanax right?  How many would I need to buy?  I've never had Xanax before, is five enough?  10?  Consider I'll be mixing it with about half a 5th of Smirnoff.
Any advice welcome except for "don't do it".  My mind is pretty well made up at this point.
Any romanians out here? Would make it much easier for me if I had someone to end it with, I'm so fucking lazy that I can't even get the motivation to do this shit alone.
Prompt ideally reliable, fast and painless poison desirable.
All that I picked up for yourself is 2,4 dnp and KCL intravenously. I tend to second. If you know some barbiturates legal in Russia, please advise and where to buy.
i have 2 days to kill myself, im in deep trouble with the law and i want to go before they take me. any combo of over the counter drugs that can kill me or any over the counter that if you take enough of youll hqve yourself a one way trip.  im very desperate and if all else fails im going for partial suspension. please please if anyone can help me any information
so i did test out partial suspension. but ended up having to stop due to intense foot and knee. was wondering is that normal? or did i do somthing wrong
I want to stop eating.
I feel I don't want to live anymore, but I don't want to go and commit suicide in a drastic way that would show everyone that I in fact committed suicide. I want something discrete, that will make me disappear, without even noticing it.
I want to kill myself but just can't do it alone. I'd like to start/join a suicide pact.
I live in GA, USA. anyone interested?
Carbon monoxide has it's pros but, I also wanna hear about alternatives like helium or some shit any ideas? A method that doesn't hurt of possible
Guys I've really snapped and I don't want to live anymore. Now I'm convicted to actually do it. But I need your help.
I've been trying to research how to buy a gun. I think I'll need a 12 gauge shotgun with some slugs and that'll be the best gun to kill myself with. But I have a few other questions about buying a gun.
How much will I need to purchase a gun? How much will I need to save up? What should I do in the gun shop? How do I find the gun and bullets I want? What kind of attitude should I have in the gun shop? What do I need to know about purchasing a gun?
thank you for contributing, i wish you well
Mom, you pissed me off every time you harassed me about getting a job. It's not that fucking easy considering who I am, but I'm not going to hold any grudges. Sorry I couldn't live up to your expectations. Same goes for you, Dad.
Heather, Sydney, if I was an embarrassment to the both of you, I'm sorry about that as well. It's not exactly cool to have some mentally ill, skeltal-looking NEET hiding away across from your bedrooms. Your friends must've been weirded/creeped out about it. Sorry for the times we fought and the awful things we said to one another. I love you both, and if you don't look after each other I'll haunt the fuck out of you.
Nugget, you're the chunkiest and laziest fucking bearded dragon I've ever seen. Sorry for not taking care of you anymore, but I was garbage at it anyway. Seeya later, fatass.
If anyone wants to do one last troll, a mass suicide would really mess with normies this week.
What mushrooms are the best to commit suicide with? Recommend something. How to get it?
Since I don't have any other options I think I'm going to take the paracetamol route, I know it's really painfull and the succes rate is somewhere around 1 in 40 but I'm too much of a pussy to try anything else.Has anyone here attempted this before?Why did it fail?Did it hurt a lot?
any tips for death by car?
i was planning on just going really fast and crashing into an overpass, but all the ones around here have these trashcan things around the base to soften the impact. could drive elsewhere of course.
would that work though? it's also nice because it could easily be passed off as an accident, with regards to my parents
Going to add context first.
33 year old M
have accomplished little in my life
going back to school
last chance, if I fuck it up, it's over
GF is cheating on me
she thinks it's ok because she's "lolpoly"
Family wants nothing to do with me
have become a burden on friends
health in rough shape
If I flunk out of school I plan to shoot myself.
I have a Colt .32 and was wondering the best
way to go about it? temple? mouth?
Or is there a better way to catch the  bus?
hypothetical here
-70mg vali
-much 325/10 hydrocodone
-much  325/10 oxycoodne
-bunch of xr400 seroquel
-melatonin
would some vali during the day and melatonin before bed and taking the sero/opis before i pass out with a couple joints somewhere between all that be enough to sleep tonight without waking in agony/anguish? i just want to get a good long sleep you know? i'm not a big person i just dont want to wake up or puke right
anyone around here want to tox chat? seriously can't be alone anymore the soul crushing sadness is consuming me. i need to leave soon.
The English poet Robert Browning expresses this thought, albeit in the theological language of the time, when he said: "God's in his heaven, all's right with the world." Those who do not like this optimistic outlook and conviction and who are trying to get down into the arena of hysteria and discouragement, mock at it; yet every sane man who keeps his cool and clear and can think for himself realizes full well that the mightiest forces in the world are cosmic right and cosmic justice, and they in the long run always prevail. There is no need to be discouraged. Avoid hysterias; on the other hand, avoid running at one and the same time with the hares and chasing with the hounds, which is what we all do more or less. Have your own convitions, and sometimes hid them if it is not wise to shout them from the rooftops; but keep your own heart upright, in love with love, hating hate, always standing up for justice and innate right. Only be sure that when you stand up you are nor standing up for the propaganda atmosphere around you, but for something that you in your own heart know to be right and true.
It would be a sorry thing indeed if there were naught to our world but what we see around us today, or have seen at particular intervals during the past; but every time and always the conscience and the sense of justice of manking have proved supreme over all and risen above human feelings and follies, and marched onwards and upwards to balance and harmony. Don't be down-hearted or discouraged or think the world is going to the devil because you don't like what is going on. You have a right to like it or to dislike it. But be sure that you, as an individual, on your part do not add to the hatred in the world, to its discouragement and unhappiness. That is my point.
One downside of jumping as a suicide method is that people can generally see you when you're sitting/standing on the ledge. I might end up wanting to think for a while on the ledge before I jump. What are some places to jump from (very high places) where you are unlikely to be seen on the ledge?
Thanks for the help. Jumping from extreme heights (like 300 feet ideally on land) seems like the surest to go based on my research, even more so than a shotgun blast to the head.
That thing is terrible, the furthest I got was passing out from partial suspension hanging just to regains some consciousness soon after and loosen my rope, is there some psychological training or something I can do to overcome that?
I look around and see a bunch of twenty somethings here.
Stick it out, kids, you'll get to see horrors and human suffering beyond your wildest dreams.
Robots and computers are going to displace over half the work force in the next twenty years.
Crop yields will drop for the first time in centuries by 2050 due to the depletion of fossil aquifers.
You're going to get to see the collapse of civilization as you know it.  A glorious combination of malthusian catastrophe and economic collapse.
Who would want to miss that?
shit ton of cocaine, codine, ambien, klonopin but someone it just knocked me on my ass for a couple days and I went to the hospital and they gave me a script for valium so more drugs
Can someone please send me a gun .I live in Patna , Bihar. Can anybody please send me a gun and i will give my entire money pocket to my supplier.
Tell us your story.
it all started in 2nd grade
everytime my mom brings me in, I hold on to her hand and cry not to go
fast forward, 4th grade, no problems with anxiety, depression etc.
dad commits suicide via overdose
hit me hard
can't attend school for weeks
begin pulling out my hair
become diagnosed with trichotillomania (hair pulling)
begin taking antidepressants
they work for a while, but that feeling of unaware happiness always goes away
6th grade
same problem, miss more school.
7th grade
the cycle repeats
8th grade
get hit real hard this time for some reason, missed school for about 3 months
get tutor
sweet lady who tries her hardest to keep me happy
i always felt like one of those special needs kids
i felt unattached
i felt alone
the only one there for me was my mom
problems continue
I plan on ending the cycle late tonight.
Tell me your story.
Hello anons why not just run away and build a house in the woods and live away from everyone. Learn to hunt and gather food.
It may sound crazy but why live in society and it is better than NEETdom.People should never have stopped this. Live of the grid ted kaczynski did it and it maywork to become happy.
Datura is finaly ripe. How much seeds i need to take to off myself? my plan is to hang myself while under the effects of it, it's a double plan in case the seeds don't finish me off, and i can't bitch out from hanging myself either
Is 9000 milligrams of gabapentin, 400 milligrams of prozac and a 5th of Jack enough to die? I need to know by Friday.
Killing myself in the next couple of days probably Sunday night when everyone is asleep. I want to hang myself with my belt. Can someone give me a guide on how to not fuck up. I'm fucking autistic failure so I don't want to fuck up my death.
How can you kill yourself in jail? Might be going away for awhile, not sure how long. But I know 20 years is a possibility. I don't wanna be locked up that long, and would much rather just die
Give me a list or just a link to songs you'd listen to before committing suicide and your top song.
I need something to listen to right now. Thanks.
Things every suicider should do
1- Get a largest loan you can get from the kikest bannk and live for a week like you never got to.
I wish to know how people kill themselves in a forest, like in Japan. How do they find and climb a suitable tree? And what kind of rope do they use? What thickness does the rope need to have? Is 14 mm alright?
Basically I've set a date in about a years time of when I'm gonna be phased out of the cosmic equation. If anything pops up and makes me forget about that date then i won't do it. But just wondering, how would you spend that year. I basically have 0 hours of sleep and will be up for anything so long as it doesn't cause ridicule. Im low on cash since i usually spend it on booze and I'm unemployed but a student. Pic somewhat related.
Are there any other suicide communities that are still functional and aren't all "don't talk about methods, don't say you're going to do it now"?
Rebbit has a SanctionedSuicide board, the Tor-accessible suicide board vanished, I can't find much else.
Anything else out there active?
Ask tiny questions here.
Hypothetically, let's say you had one million dollars.
Would you still be suicidal?
What happens with people who try to commit suicide and fail?
Lets say that you stand on the top of a building, ready to jump, but some douchebag is holding you back and calls the police.
Are they really able to brainwash you that hard, so that you won't commit suicide right after you are out of there?
I posted something about this on Reddit a few days ago, but it didn't quite go anywhere, as I didn't go into detail. So, I'm gonna post this here and make sure I don't make the same mistake. So here goes!
Throughout all the stories I've read of failed suicide attempts, the one thing I took from it was that whenever someone is attempting suicide, there's always someone that's gonna show up on random and botch the person's attempt, by whatever means possible, as an attempt to "save" them. It's almost as if they all have some sort of ability that allows them to sense when someone's about to commit suicide. Now before anyone says, "Well, Sage, that's what happens when you're impatient, or don't keep quiet about this, or leave any clues", let me give you an example of what I'm talking about:
You're in a room, by yourself. Everyone else is gone. And you're about to off yourself by hanging,overdose of prescription pills, inert gasses, or whatever method of your choosing. And then when you're in the process of dying from whatever method you choose, your mom somehow comes home early. And then you wake up in a hospital and realize your attempt was botched up.
Here's another example:
You're alone at a bridge, and you're about to jump off. Suddenly, some stranger shows up on you, or you get a call from your SO who is about a mile away wondering where you are, but instantly catch on to you and attempts to stop you.
It's like they're drones on patrol to prevent suicide.
How can I find places in the woods where I can be sure that no one would hear the blast from any gun I were to use? I don't want it to be possible for anyone to hear it, come looking, and "rescue me" if I somehow didn't aim well enough to kill myself quickly.
Use Google Earth and Google Maps and find someplace with 100% tree cover and no listed buildings or roads for 10 miles in any direction?
Maybe I'm just being insanely fucking paranoid. But I would NOT want to fuck this up. Suicide attempts fail for all kinds of horrible, bizarre reasons, including every manner of "heroic savior", as you all probably know.
Hello i am thinking about purchasing butcher knife and  then slit my throat with maximum speed.Anyone can tell if it will be good.I am very desperate to kill myself.
The one thing that stops me from suicide is
THE FEAR OF FUCKING IT UP
I saw a method of using a cpap mask and helium as a way to kill yourself.. i was wondering if oxygen deprivation from nitrous would do the trick. It would actually  make death painless and enjoyable process.. Ive done plenty of Whip Its so i am aware of the effects. or maybe combine it with hanging? Any thoughts?
I've wanted out for years now.
I moved out and my own apartment in the city until 18 November. I don't intend on living past the 30th of August and especially not past November.
There's not much here besides basic furniture, a tv, bath, bed etc.
I would prefer if I could kill myself here. But I'm unsure of how to do this properly. My biggest concern isn't pain but failing is.
I cannot obtain a firearm nor can I order stuff unnoticed.
I believe hanging would be a good method. A positive is that I'm left alone entire days sometimes where I am. Hanging might be the best option.
If I'm going to hang, I need to know some things which might seem obvious.
How do I attach the rope to the ceiling? There's nothing to attach it too here.
Where can I get good rope unnoticed?
If you can think of anything else, let me know. I live in Belgium if that's useful.
And if anyone in Flanders wants to talk about this stuff or "hang" out, let me know.
I've heard that companies have recently started added oxygen and other gases to helium/inert gas canisters to prevent exit bag methods of suicide. Is this true, or am I safe to buy a canister of helium?
Is there any way to kill myself and make it look like I just passed in my sleep or something? I want to die but I know that if I committed blatant suicide it would affect the ones I love, so I just want to make it look like I just died and there was nothing else to be done.
Hello /suicide/, I finally got it. I got a rope and all I need now is to find a good tree. Whoever you are that is reading this, I hope that you also find your way out or whatever you want, Good night.
What  you think about suicide in mental hospital? It is possible or hart to do? Maybe can you give some tips how to do it in mental hospital?
I need to make it look like someone else killed me, so my parents won't be as upset if I killed myself.  I tried looking on the dark web for an assassin, does anyone know a better way or could they fire a gun to my head for me?
Don't really care if the thread already exists
I have literally zero money, don't drive so anything with a car is out of the question, and I'm a little bitch so I don't want shit to hurt.
Looking for a free, painless, hopefully clean death.
When I say free, I couldn't even afford pic related if I wanted to.
Living in the United Cuckdom so bear that in mind, shit you can get might not be legal here
Hi, i am on methadone treatment since 3 years, i would to know if is it possible to have an OD if take my treatment for 2 weeks in one take ?
and if the death by methadone OD is painful or i will felt unconscious before ?
I have obtained a gun and the slugs necessary to kill me, but how do I pull the trigger?  I'm attempting to shoot at the back of my head, I've heard that that's the most reliable place.  Are there any good drugs to calm my nerves without making it fucking impossible to hit my medulla oblongata/brain stem or do I have to just try unaided?
What can /suicide/ tell me about this combo? Is opioid overdose painless? Would you add anything to this stack?
Oxycodone 20mg x 40 tablets
Morphine 30mg/ml x 30ml
Well, mates, I'm in a bit of a pickle. I planned on hanging myself last night but I'm a pussy and couldn't get myself to because I'm scared of not passing out and just struggling there for like 10 minutes. I'm going to try again soon, only I'm going to buy a bunch of alcohol. Now, I don't drink liquor, like ever, and I've never passed out from it before. But if I buy a bunch of liquor, can I just chug it with the noose around my neck, then wait to pass out so I can begin the choking/struggling like that? How much liquor would it take for me to pass out if I don't have alcohol tolerance? Fuck, I don't know why I didn't think of this before. I guess this is why I should kill myself.
Is there a way to suicide and make it look like murder?
Something easy, nothing complicated.
It'd be nice to get some ideas that would work without a gun, but either is fine.
What method of suicide would induce the most DMT release? I always feared a bullet in the brain because there is no acceptance of death and peace. DMT is what makes it all okay and calm. What method maximizes its release?
The only thing that prevents me from killing myself is my crippling fear of Hell, I mean ETERNAL suffering!
How do we make normies understand the benefits of suicide? I'm tired of people saying don't do it when they have no fucking clue what they are talking about.
Does anyone have any experience with eating castor beans/ricin? I know it would be extremely painful, but a trip to the ER after it got unbearable without telling them could easily numb the pain and discomfort with opiates. I already have castor beans avaliable, so I was looking to hear other people's experiences/opinions before I chew them up and die.
Who do I email, who do I pay, to be able to exit peacefully. I've been at this for awhile, there a lot of gate keeping going on as far as finding a legitimate source. I tried several drugs to end this shit I always end up in the hospital, I am a pussy I don't want to jump, hang or blow my brains out, I just want to fall asleep and it be over.
Does anyone know how to go about the migration to Switzerland for suicide, I emailed the embassy regarding legality of suicide tourism I received an automated email in return. If not Switzerland is there another way, another country, easily accessible.
What if you expose yourself to many carcinogens? Enough so that cancer develops relatively soon and is fatal. If you hide it properly it would seem like a natural death. What are some good carcinogens that can be used?
Hello if i manage to get Propofol can anyone tell me how much Propofol i need to inject in order to commit suicide.I heard Michael Jackson committed suicide using Propofol and many other stories also kindly let me know if it is good way to go.
Saw this on the LGBT board on halfchan
Anyone have an opinion on the legitmacy and efficacy of this?
Do you think this seller is ok?
pwoah7foa6au2pul.onion/listing.php?id=124487
What is the average price for 50 mg fentanyl ?
I'm afraid it is not pure and is not enough
In the UK, so my access to good methods is very limited. Going with the belt and doorknob.
How painful is this method if you hit the cartoids? I remember attempting suicide a couple of years ago where I tried this and almost passed out painlessly, before my survival instinct kicked in.
Also is there any way to reduce thrashing around? How long does it take on average? etc
Would you call 911 before shooting yourself? I'm talking about calling 911 and saying something like "check out 123 street st" and then pulling the trigger.
I think that would be common courtesy so that the neighbors don't have to find out by smelling you.
Nitrogen tank isn't as easy to buy as helium tank, no ?
It's a very interesting method, I hope it's work because it's a little bit expensive.
What volume of helium is required ?
Is it worth trying, would it hurt at all? Also how exactly do you keep all the water down?
Anyone ever thought about doing this?
Any one know of the success rate and the degree of pain/agony?
I'm on my secound day so far and I don't feel that bad actually
I'm not sure where to post this,so I chose a few places.
My younger brother killed himself 3 days ago.
He was only 16.
He had been talking to me about it for the last month,but I thought that he wasn't serious.
I believe he found the means and encouragement to kill himself from this website at the board called /suicide/
I haven't told my parents yet,because they're still in shock.
Advice required, something preferably with little/minimal pain.
I'm currently taking mirtazapine (remeron) but I hear it is not lethal in overdose.
I wish to commit suicide via h2s .
Don't try to talk me out of it for fucks sake just let me end my life and no I don't want to be saved so save it just tell me the ingredients
.
What does /suicide/ thinks of this method? Is it actually effective or just a troll? Has anyone actually died from it?
Anyone ever think of doing something like this guy did? Christopher McCandless, he was who the movie "Into the Wild" was made after. He didn't intentionally kill himself, but he removed himself from society and travelled to Alaska, and eventually died when he couldn't find food, or from poison plants or something.
But seems like something like if a person is going to kill themselves, why not make an adventure out of it?
Anyone know of any good spots in the gta area?
So far I only know of the Prince Edward Viaduct but thats not really an option anymore.
I've heard the best way to go is an intentional heroin OD, but what about dissociatives? I specifically want to OD on DXM because it's actually one of my favorite drugs and it's so readily available. I've woken up in a hospital 3 times from doing too much DXM, so as long as no one finds me (I live alone now) I should be able to suicide this way, right?
How much should I take? Would combining it with another drug help my chances? I mainly don't want to wake up in a hospital with another $10,000 of healthcare debt and more liver/brain damage. How do I make sure I OD on DXM? Or another drug is someone has a better suggestion.
Ive heard pure nicotine can kill you, how much would I need and how much will it hurt? Any better ways to go, like coke OD? Can anyone link a good suicide tip site?
When I inject to my body alcohol i will die from overdosage? For example Vodka or Spiritus. It is painfull or not?
I don't mind if it hurts a bit as long as I'm dead a few seconds after. Plan to jump from a 6 storey building as thats the best I can do.
I just wanted to inform you that hanging doesn't hurt if you do it right by first slowly lowering yourself along the stool until you pass out.
Too bad the hook designed to hold a hanging chairs decided to save my life right after I passed out.
does anyone have like a sort of to-do list before ending themselves?
like, i would go on a rape spree and then blast my head off with my remington.
Anyone else fighting depression with a suicidal ideology?
Like, everyone says "Suicide is not the answer" but in my head it's "Suicide is the only answer"
So, I finally got enough money for the means of a painless method.
I already have the mask and tube, but the tank will harder to hide from my mother.
Does anyone have any ideas on how to keep a Nitrogen gas tank from people that you live with?
Considering jumping off a fairly large freeway overpass.
 Only problem is it is sort of difficult to get on
Any other opinions? That could be somewhat painless (Besides Guns)
So I just found out my dealer also sells cocaine. If I inject myself with enough cocaine would I die instantly?
I'm pretty new to this type of drug.
How do you convert the powder into something that can be injected?
Hey John Doe, so I've had a pistol (9mm) for a week or so and the only reason I haven't done it yet is that I'm not confident I can hit the right spot I'd aiming in the mouth. Aside from that angle I've also heard that shooting in, above, or behind the ear works. Behind the ear seems iffy since the skull curves closer to the back and I worry the bullet could be deflected. In the ear seems plausible but I don't know what my skull shape is behind the cartilage and above my ear seems too far from the brain stem. Where do y'all think is the best place to aim?
- Do I really need anti-nausea stuff? None of the dopamine blockers are OTC here in Aus I believe and I wouldn't be sure what to say to be prescribed them.
- Is it totally necessary to have a longer acting benzo like diazepam or would, say, 200mg of alprazolam do the trick.
- Should I maybe try a xanax/whiskey suicide first and, if that's unsuccessful, try to get some diazepam and use the fentanyl?
I have the means to kill myself but I don't know how to push myself off the edge. Every time I "try" I pussy out and cry myself to sleep, I don't have access to boose or drugs so what could I use to pull the trigger? I don't want to wait another year of this before I can buy alcohol.
Subcutaneous injection of fentanyl citrate and hydrochloride 50mg total mixed. Would it feel good and do the trick for sure? What's the difference between hcl and citrate?
Is the helium exit bag really the cleanest, most painless way to go??????????????????????????????????????
I watched the new Vice documentary on Fentanyl, and having seen its popular here for suicide, it seems like a good option. for ending myself. Im not really sure what else would be good, Im open to ideas. Plant based  options may be easier given i have no friends or people i trust to get me the drugs to do it
Do you guys have friends, family members or just someone you knew who commited suicide? Why did the did it? Did they left suicide note?
I'm not here to convince you to kill yourself or to not kill yourself, I'm only here to give you some deep philosophy that will break the chains of your mind and set you free in some ways you didn't know existed. I want to un-fuck you up, I want to undo to your mind what the world has made you sick with. I want to make you stronger and happier. I want you to know God is with you, and I'm not talking about going to some stupid church or joining some stupid cult or religious belief system. Okay, lets get started.
I'm going to start with some (alot) backround first to provide some clarity and explain some stuff, then gradually move into the topic of the thread after some lies are destroyed and some truths are well understood. I highly reccomend you read through it all, it seems like it would take hours but only takes a few minutes of passionate and interested reading to get to the heaven part.
don't worry.
I used to be brainwashed by these "you can't escape " "you keep reincarnating" "accept it" guys but I broke free because I got very enlightened. the funny thing is that the more enlightened you get the more desperate they get to try and shill you. part of your desire to break free is evidence of your growing enlightenment.
It IS totally possible that God may have you "come back" for different reasons until you are "done" or maybe just have you do one "life" and be done. God can do anything, but one of my points is that there is no fucking reason why you should beleive what anyone says or think that you are guaranteed to be stuck on earth forever. fuck that.
don't listen to the damage control shills who may rush to the thread to tell you "just accept it you are trapped" "deal with it" as they will try to discredit this. listen to your self. trust your instincts, your gut feelings. God gave you that power. search your feelings to know the truth and your "bullshit radar" will help you know the difference. I can't say that I know why God put us here but experiencing this the way it is, is probably a part of it. maybe we are supposed to know the true meaning of a universe that is flawed by design and know why that's bad. built in obsolescence is a pain in the ass, but God did it all for some reason that humans don't have the senses or the perception of reality to grasp the reasoning behind. God controls everything. if anyone tells you that God wouldn't or couldn't they are delusional because God, being the definition of the abscense of limitation is responsible for everything. there is no coincidence, there is no luck. there are no lords, no kings, no presidents, no corporations, only God. I would throw away a bible in the trash can without a single worry, because the will of God surrounds us and penetrates us all.
I fucked up guys..
26 years old
First Marriage crashing like Hindenburg
No family, no friends. Nothing without her
Sleep with a Mossberg 500 under chin every night
Turn to drink and antidepressants
Commit a terrible crime
Left more than enough evidence
Wanted and facing 25 years in prison
Be 31 now
Only a matter of time with DNA evidence
Cannot stand the idea of spending my life as a slave
I've decided to end it before the inevitable happens, 1 month left
I'm going to clamp my jugulars to end it. Like hanging but without the crushed windpipe
What format will your suicide note be in: print, digital, or both?
How will you prevent people from seeing it before you're dead? (I think Facebook and Tumblr have options for this)
Are you limiting it to just a few people, or do you want it to be seen by as many people as possible?
Do you know some other places about suicide? In my country only good forum about suicide had been closed after 2 users agreed on a joint suicide.
I come bearing good news, and very simple maths.
There is 0.17 grams of Hydrogen Cyanide in one Cherry Pit.
30 grams of Cyanide will kill you.
So, you take 0.17 and multiply it by 30.
The number you get is : 176.4705882352941
Cyanide affects people with hypoxia.
This is the ideal death, the most devoid of pain I have researched.
The brain, when cut off from oxygen, feels drunk and confident.
The same sensation can be had from death by pure Nitrogen, but this tastes sweeter.
Just eat another fucking cherry : 177 and you're dead.
Personally, I can't wait to go out and just buy 200 cherries.
It's about fucking time I found the best way out.
I've got 120 yew seeds and I have a yew bush out in the front. But with the seeds alone, would it be enough to kill me, or would I have to use the foliage along with it?
Finally bought this today. Is it enough to fill a mid sized SUV with carbon monoxide?  How much charcoal should I use?
How much Xanax and alcohol would I need to get the job done? or at least to impair my survival instincts enough to go with an almost foolproof method?
also anything I can add to that cocktail to make it all the more lethal?
So my time has come, but I know that doing it alone will be hard as fuck.
Anyone interested in a suicide pact? I'm planning on jumping. We'll go to the cliff (I know the perfect spot), handcuff each other, and whoever jumps first, well, the other is gonna have no say in the matter whether he's having cold feet or not.
If we're more than 2, well, even better. We'll have many handcuffs and make a suicide train of the whole thing.
"Just quit a little birch and man up, some people have it way worse than you. You have no right to be depressed"
The few times I've tried to talk openly about suicide i usually get some condescending response like this. Trying to guilt someone into being positive doesn't really work though, does it?
How do you respond to this, or talk about suicidal thoughts in a constructive way without sounding like a "little bitcb"?
Planning on killing myself
Browsing on a board
Accidentally click the board shuffle button
First click
End up here
Wew. I'm ready for it, friends!
Its essentially a desperate cry for help and reeks of attention whoring. I'd just kill myself with no prior notice just to spite my family because I hate them and never asked to be born in the first place. No regrets.
You did it, champ.
You came all the way over here, on a niche board, in a chan infested with mentally ill people.
And you came all the way over here with no hope at all.
I won't pretend you are able to get better at this point.
Hell, i don't even care that much, because i have my problems too.
It would probably be better if i just let you die.
But to the few of you that just can't find the energy of doing the first step in the right direction i wanna ask: what is stopping you, given you have nothing to lose?
Either kill yourself, or admit your faults and problems and start working on improving, and maybe, only MAYBE, you'll be able to be happy in the end.
Why don't you all use pure nirogen gas.You will not even know when you are dead and then finally peace.
I think my time here is up, exhausted all my resources, tried all kind of meds for my bipolar disorder and nothing has helped. I'm sick and tired of always feeling sick and tired. Planning on entering the void sometime soon. Going to try and take sleeping pills then use a belt to hold a plastic bag in place as I pass out and hopefully never wake up. If that fails I'm going to try and slit my throat with a new box cutter. Any tips would be helpful, planning on being high as shit on codeine to slit my throat.  "We are things that labor under the illusion of having a self, that accretion of sensory experience and feelings, programmed with total assurance that we are each somebody,when in fact everyone's nobody. I think the honorable thing to for our species to do is to deny our programming. Stop reproducing, walk hand in and into extinction- one last midnight, brothers and sisters opting out of a raw deal."
Mfw slowly dying, each breath I take I'm closer to death anyways
Still sitting here on the internet looking at pictures of naked women and jacking off to cartoon girls
Mfw too much free time, not enough green pieces of paper with pictures on it
Mfw the clock is ticking
Clock will keep ticking, even after death
Mfw in death there is life
Time doesn't exist, but its the only way to even begin to comprehend the tiniest microscopic nonexistent bit of what this infinity has open for us.
Life is fair, but other people make it unfair or perceive it as unfair
Nothing matters actually matters but through the way he have been taught to think, we create things that matter and problems that matter and need to be addressed. Nothing matters, but at the same time, there is a something that  matters now because of our stupidity, but only because we're focused on the things that don't matter.
Death doesn't exist, reality is nothing in the end but a massive complex dream and we're all just an imagination of ourselves.
I want you to go out today. I want you to tell her how you feel, I want you to feel this life, this world and everything on it. I want you to open up and expose your psyche, let it drip all over and come flooding out and join in with the others. Have it twist and turn, thriving, seeking and searching freely for what it wants more than ever.
Longing only creates emptiness and sadness.
No, you only lust and never loved, love doesn't exist, but there is a true "love", a human "love" that does exist, but its not the one that we've been led to believe all along, and in the end, perhaps you'll never know it or understand or agree with it.
You're only here briefly, so why don't you check out what he have in store and see what you like?
You're always free to quit your job, or check out early. You're always free to do whatever you want.
All roads lead to home, so pick one that has heart.
If you want to kill yourself, I suggest to use our mothers natural home remedy and recommend enough black tar heroin to overdose.
Have fun, dearest friend.
 Heavy cannabis use is associated with the development of suicidal ideation among men, but not women.
 Suicidal ideation is associated with increased initiation of cannabis use among women, but not men.
 Cannabis use was significantly associated with increased incidence of suicidality among men but not among women
Looking for your opinions on the potential usefulness of various narcotics before suicide(in case it matters, the cause of death would preferably be 12 guage to lower brain). I'm a little puss-puss about fucking up the shot/pain after the initial impact and was wondering, do you think being sedated by a substance would help with it at all? The substances I'm specifically hoping for your inputs on would be deliriants, dissociatives, and alcohol, but opiates and barbiturates, as well as any others that come to your minds, would be appreciated.
Why don't you all fags use cyanide? I am serious, why not cyanide? If you can't get it, you can make it as you can order all things you need to make cyanide online and then consume it = your troubles are over.
Here's a guide for all of us suicidal people on what the quickest and least painful way to go is
How much pain will I feel when I shoot myself with a handgun? Aiming for the back of the mouth and everything. Also, what is the absolute most amount of time I would be conscious after shooting myself?
I'm in Berlin right now and I can easily get heroin and methadone from street dealers.
How much do I need to get to safely overdose?
(Dyslexia and bad at english, sorry for that)
I will try to kill myself tomorrow, falling from a bridge with 100 meters tall (supposedly), is instakill if I touch the water with my head?
Pic Related, this is the bridge
After suffering through cancer, the middle-age woman decided her illness was too much to bear. Everything she ate, she painfully vomited back up. The prospect of surgery and a colostomy bag held no appeal.
And so, against the advice of her doctors, the patient decided to stop eating and drinking.
Over the next 40 days in 1993, Dr. Robert Sullivan of Duke University Medical Center observed her gradual decline, providing one of the most detailed clinical accounts of starvation and dehydration.
Instead of feeling pain, the patient experienced the characteristic sense of euphoria that accompanies a complete lack of food and water. She was cogent for weeks, chatting with her caregivers in the nursing home and writing letters to family and friends. As her organs finally failed, she slipped painlessly into a coma and died.
In the evolving saga of Terri Schiavo, the prospect of the 41- year-old Florida woman suffering a slow and painful death from starvation has been a galvanizing force.
But medical experts say going without food and water in the last days and weeks of life is as natural as death itself. The body is equipped with its own resources to adjust to death, they say.
Can anybody kill me? I live in India and i am 15 years old.
I just want it painless and i can arrange the place of my death spot.I live in a poor state so police are lazy fags who don't care about these things much.
Thinking about taking some molly before dying. Is overdosing MDMA a good idea for suicide?
Anyone willing to sell me some 20 gauge shotgun ammo? In MD but can go to DC or NOVA. I can't get any myself because I'm under 18.
Hey 8chan. First time ever posting on here. I never thought it'd come to this. 21 year old chemistry student.  I could write a novel about my suicidal and self destructive personality but I'll be wasting your time. I've been wanting to kill myself for about 4 years now but I always gave life another fucking chance. Lately I feel like I'm coming close to the end of it now. Arguments with my girlfriend, family issues and just everyfucking thing around me. Help me end this shitty existence. Going through the my day I always look at everything as a way of offing myself. Today I realized I can put a rope around my neck and hang it inside the elevator in my condo (40 floor skyscraper) and do the chocking dog in the elevator trick but I'm still Looking for painless easy accessible and quick method. Not really interested in organ failur shit that can be painful.
So a few months back I stabbed myself in the throat (both sides) repeatedly. Grey area weather it was a legit suicide attempt since I was in a drug induced schizophrenic state at the time.
Have a huge ass scar on the left side and a smaller one on the right. Bled out like a motherfucker but survived, kinda.
I did it with a broke beer bottle while laying in bed, I remember parts of it.
So here are a few of my take aways from the ordeal:
1. It didn't hurt one bit, there was no pain during the process, I even lit up a smoke while I was doing it, just kinda got light headed from blood loss, really peaceful to be fair.
2. My life has gotten a lot fucking better having technically died, the treating Doc the next day ( 2 days after the indecent) told me I died but I don't remember that, I since have started university and got a good night job, stopped taking drugs and alcohol. For the first time in a long time my life is actually on the upturn, feels good man. Pity it took offing myself to pull me out of the rut I was in.
3. I now have many times the respect for EMT (first response people, the police, ambulance and emergency nurses), they saved my life (probably twice in one sitting) from what I was told they found me in my neighbors yard covered in blood rocking, really afraid and unable to speak. If there is a god or gods, fucking bless EMTs man, I would have died cold and alone if not for those saviors.
4. Life gets better, but you have to try hard, damn hard, literally bleed and die for it. Also having friends helps a lot.
5. You won't value your life until it's gone. We take a lot of shit for granted. At least I did, I didn't value life till then. Now I know.
So my tip for the day is:
Don't try and kill yourself with a broken bottle, sure it technically worked in my case but it's vary inefficient. wouldnotsuggest/10.
Also if you have questions I'll answer to the best of my abilities.
I think carbon monoxide is the most efficient way to die.Its odorless , tasteless and it can make you unconcious within minutes.Does anybody know how to make a pure carbon monoxide ?
I remember few deaths that were caused by the party drug GBL few years ago.
I have few good contacts on silk road and other places.
That being said what is the lethal dose for GBL?
Lethality is important. I do not want to slip into a coma and enburden this shitball even further.
Would 1 decilitre of the good stuff do the trick?
I must learn from them how to not feel fear.
(Sorry for my bad english)
I'ts even possible kill myself with Velafaxine, Sertraline and Quetiapine?
i've been telling myself for a year i'd kill myself after i turned 21. i've always wondered what would happen.
well, a few days ago, i turned 21. i didn't notice it at first, but i've turned on auto pilot to self destruct. i didn't notice it but now i see it happening. talking to my dad about my first memory. telling my mom the fuck off. ignoring my shitty brother out of spite, sick of being his puppet. saying goodbye to an old friend. getting to know new friends better, so maybe they can understand.
i feel so goddamn free. i can hit rock bottom and see what i'm made of. i don't know if i'll find salvation down there or not, but it's time to find out.
I'm a chicken.
I've been desiring suicide for half a year now, but here I am. At first I was having passive ideation, wishing I'd die in my sleep or disappear or getting killed. Then I'm fine with killing myself.
Admittedly I have little options myself. I live at my parents' house. I'm still a college student. My country has insane restrictions on drug use/distribution and no guns allowed for civilians. I thought of CO suicide, but I share my room with my sister and therefore can't have the room to myself. Hotel rooms have smoke detectors, so that's out of the option.
Recently in a major city at my country a dude actually threw himself onto the townhall. I thought about throwing myself off of high buildings, but I've heard that people don't even die all the time and I fear failing after I've jumped.
I thought of antifreeze. I can buy radiator liquid at hardware stores I think. I thought of just doing it at home, but then I read that it takes hours and hours before it takes effect, so I probably need privacy. I thought of a hotel room, tbh. I wonder if it's feasible.
My life is objectively better than my childhood, but I still feel like shit. I don't have a good life at home now. They hit me and they treat me like shit. Whenever they say they regret giving birth to a waste of space like me, or that I should have been grateful, I feel like telling them that I wish I was never born too.
I've never told anyone how I'm truly feeling. I act all chipper and bubbly in front of everyone, but I'm really dying. I don't want anyone to know because I know they won't get it. And honestly I'm also afraid if the get it.
I tried suicide by choking before, but I failed. No one knew, no one realised. Now I want to try again. I don't fear succeeding. I fear failing and being unable to try again, or worse: having to live onwards.
I guess it would be great if I could find someone else to do this together with me. THAT would help me with this.
I have a 20 gauge shotgun in my house, but no ammo for it and I'm too young to buy any myself. Is there a place where I can get 20 gauge shotgun ammo?
Anyone wants to join me for a suicide pact in Israel? me and friend going to commit suicide on 13th on June at the Azrieli tower.
why not just get prescribed 2mg xanex for the rest of your life + smoke and do other drugs?
you wont feel shit from the bars, or even remember shit and every other drug you take would feel amazing.
then one day overdose on lsd bars alcohol molly oxycodone prometh with codeine syrup
whatever and die in a comatose peaceful state
just let your mind exit from the depressing reality your in and completely live in lala land. be like alice, tumble as far down the rabbit hole as you can until time itself is irrelevent.
 Pascal argues that a rational person should live as though God exists and seek to believe in God. If God does not actually exist, such a person will have only a finite loss (some pleasures, luxury, etc.), whereas they stand to receive infinite gains (as represented by eternity in Heaven) and avoid infinite losses (eternity in Hell).[2]
Are you ready for eternal damnation?
How are you supposed to swallow so many pills in such a short time, when killing yourself by drugs? Does it matter if you chew them up?
Ever thought about making it look like an accident so your family and loved ones would be spared the supposed guilt and psychological trauma that haunts family members of suicides?
If so, what are some good plausible ways to do so? Ideas?
It's fucking well hard enough for me anyway in a country where guns are banned, lethal chemicals are hard to get, and they fine your family if you suicide by railroad. (Not going to leave them with a bill on top of sorrow). So what the fuck else is left for me? While I'm chewing that one over 24-7, I might as well make it even harder for myself by trying to make it look accidental.
I've found some documents about suicide with helium and with garden grill. Langauages english and polish. It seems to me interesting. Catch it
So everclear is 190 proof.
If I took anti-emetics (domperidone) starting from one day, eight hours each and then finally 20mg an hour. How many shots would I need to kill me? I can throw in some 20mg of etizolam as well.
Would jumping off a cliff to your death be painful in anyway? What are the survival chances?
Best liquidsleep medicine
That can cause death on overdose
Painless and its a trip when u take enough of it in trying to find the name of it and idk if its "sizurrp"
Who here lives in Brisbane, Australia?
Overdosage of GHB. What you think? You will even not know when you die.
I think suicide is a political and revolutionary act, and the common person who commits suicide is a martyr.
Why all these restrictions?  It's the same reason that in countries where levels of emigration are high, that there are restrictions to that.  When a person emigrates, they are telling everyone in that society that they do not consent to what is happening in the religious, cultural, and political system there.  In response, the holders of power of that country find it necessary to stem this loss of legitimacy and to stop their cattle from leaving the farm.  The society calls it 'unpatriotic,' they put up exit taxes, they put up walls to exit.  Emigration is a political and revolutionary act against the society at hand.
The people in power are afraid of the possibility of their slaves to commit suicide.
And suicide is a perfectly rational act, as it is a form of personal secession.  Viewed as an emigrant, he moves away from the land of the living.  He denies consent.  He is no longer to be treated as chattel by his government, by his church, by his peers, by his family, or whatever causes him the pressures to commit his act of secession.  Viewed this way, the people who attack suicide are just like the house slaves who defend their master.
Those who reject suicide are unable to see the way off of the plantation.
I don't know if I am only one with this opinion, I don't care due to the fact ANon Heros here are apathetic and indifferent, but fuck it I am bored.
I know that this will come off as angsty bullshit, but this has been bothering me for years. The world is filled with blue pill swallowing oversensitive gender freaks who in their infinite wisdom want to control people's speech, thoughts and behavior. I am fucking sick of these delusional [Insert pronoun here] special snowflakes.
Every community I have been in, joined went to shit after they had to comply EU's bullshit 'hate speech' laws. Every collective and hivemind are filled with 12 year olds, cancer and faggots. Old Anon is dead, Goon swarm is a fucking.
Internet bullshit I'll stuck to real world issues.
EU is in the verge of a complete collapse and George is doing his best to hasten soviet union's demise. Basically once it collapses everyone is fucked.
US politicians/presidential candidates are cucked and inept twats who bend over for that decrepit old fuck George Soros, Every single one of those fucks want to regulate and censor free speech.
TL;DR: World is permafucked and slowly turns into a spitting image of 1984
Strange question: Does anyone think about killing themselves because they are scared to face a situation that they will face? Like going to jail, or getting beaten up where anxiety levels go up to where you have the impulse to kill yourself to escape the situation? I call it Suicidal Anxiety. This is where people kill themselves because they are too afraid to live. Anyone feel that way?
Did anyone try lidocaine injection? I have 20 ampules and thinking about to kill myself with it.
I didnt find any information about it but Ive see a lot of news where doctors failed with injection with lethal result.
I have the two reactants to produce H2S (sodium sulfide and muriatic acid), but i have two questions.
Do the reactants have to be pure for this method to work?
Which quanties of reactants i need to use in order to kill myself in a small bathroom?
I've done some research on this plant and I have found it's very dangerous. I haven't found info on how to actually kill myself with it, or much info of how awful it would be. There's a plant in my neighborhood so I'm set. Any information?
And yet I really, really just don't feel like living.
I know all the supposed benefits: Kids, seeing others grow up, tutoring them, making the world a better place, etc. And yet, I can't help but feel like it'd all go on just fine without me. Because, you know what? It would. Of course it would - one person so rarely makes a difference.
Anyway, I'm sure I'm spamming or something, feel free to delete I guess. I just wanted to get this off my chest, somehow.
I see the only source of reliable places to order suicide drugs online is the Peaceful Pill Handbook, but the thing costs $85. There must be another place. This seems like the kind of information that is shared around a community.
Can I get a 101 on drug and pill ODs?
Even if I fail, I feel like at the very least this would be a helpful wakeup experience for the shit state I am currently in
I'm in australia if that helps.
Could this work?
spoon acts as an anchor, instead of the belt sliding out the spoon(any sturdy object) will prevent it from doing so.
new trick!?!
tips?
sorry for my shitty house
Would want to do it in the wee hours so as few people see it as possible. Would want to do it within an hour or so of where my parents live so that they are not hassled too much with transportation costs of the body. I have enough saved for funeral costs etc so that is not a big deal.
Biggest concerns would be:
1) I wouldn't want to have a ton of tourists/other people see me. For this I want to do it after 1 or 2 am but before daybreak, so as few people have to see it as possible (responding police, ambulance workers, NOT family members).
2) I don't want it to be big news in the papers etc.
Back in the days of USENET there was a great group called alt.suicide.holiday
This is their HOWTO file on suicide.
What is the fucking point of living?
Even if you're not suicidal, I still don't get the point in doing the same shit everyday of your life like an endless chore.
Does anyone else here feel this same way? Its the main reason why I want to end it all one of these days.
Also video related. Sure normies made it into a meme song, but the lyrics are fucking spot on at what I feel.
How badly do you want to kill yourself?
Does anyone knows how effective this method is? Which pills are better for offing yourself with?
At what age can one's suicidal thoughts no longer be pinned on teen angst? I always assumed I would "grow out" of being a miserable sack of shit all the time, but I'm nearly 20 and I still think about killing myself every single day.
So I thought of a suicide method where you lie down on your stomach with your hands folded with your thumbs pressing into either the carotid artery or the sinus and rest your neck on it. What it's supposed to do is prevent blood from entering or exiting the brain (artery), either that or trigger the the vagus impulse, causing the heart to stop (sinus). What are your thoughts?
There used to be a sticky here full of useful information. What happened to it?
If you have any good resources (websites, pdfs, images) pertaining to suicide, please share them in this thread.
Does this scare the shit out of anybody else? It's why I've been putting my suicide off for so long. I fear that if I fail it I'll end up in a persistant vegatative state or having locked in syndrome.
i might find myself kidnapped or imprisoned in some place. is it possible to kill yourself biting off the tongue? i've seen it cartoons but never heard of it in real life.
Is it possible to do it with your mouth closed?
I know the base is supposed to slide down and suffocate you. is it possible to do it quietly?
Which is better? Would a gram of either be sure to do the trick? I only have standard anti-emetics but I'm as ready as I'll ever be. I just want to make sure I get this last thing right.
My current plan:
20 mg (2ml fentanyl hydrochloride solution), subcutaneous injection (e.g. lower abdomen).
Me: 110kg, no previous use (i.e. no tolerance)
Questions:
1. On a scale of 1-10, 10=100% chance of death, how likely is it to work? Assuming at least 48h without anyone interrupting.
2. On another scale, 10=100% getting caught, how risky is it to buy from darknet (e.g. dream market), domestic Australia?
3. How long does it take between injection and starting to feel some effect?
4. Is it comfortable (1-10, 10=like falling asleep, 1=on fire while being eaten by a flesh eating bunny)?
Tired of life. I want to die slowly and painfully, so I bought a pack of cigarettes and started smoking. Really nasty, not sure how anyone not in my place would want these things. Fucking lungs hurt, every hit, I cough and cough. How long is this supposed to take? The cigarettes make me nauseous, and dizzy. Can't wait for the cancer to kick in.
So I got
20mg fentanyl (injection)
20mg clonazepam (ingestion, crushed into powder)
Benadryl (taken in normal doses)
Alcohol
Plastic Bag + Elastic band
What do you guys think. Whats the order I should them in and how long do I have to put a bag over my head before I pass out?
What do you guys think about suicide by butt-chugging? It's apparently much more effective than "normal" alcohol poisoning, do you think 2-3 bottles oughta do the trick?
Don't ask whys, only say me how to do this (no painful methods)
I can't buy medicines too, and I don't want to hang me (i don't know if it's so painful, I think you go unconscious fast) What I should do? Thanks.
How fast would I die if I jump out of a car on the highway? I would be in the passenger seat so it would be easy to aim for stuff. What should I aim for, a semi-truck? Should I tell my family something shocking so they are thinking hard before I do it so they don't try to lock the doors? Help me guys.
The actual part about killing, finding it easily, being painless etc. I don't care about the last part. Anyone have any experience or expertise?
I'd like to hang myself with a short drop (Like on a door knob or a stair banister). I heard that if you do it right you'll go unconscious after 6 to 15 seconds and then take like 20 minutes to die but you're unconscious for it so no pain except for the initial part before you pass out.
Where should I place the rope around my neck, what sort of knot will I require when attaching the rope to whatever I hang myself on, and what sort of knot around my neck will I be needing?
Thinking about livestreaming my suicide on Facebook so all of my friends will have to watch me die. Does the stream automatically post on the Timeline after streaming time runs out?
So a lot of people here believe that diphenhydramine/Benadryl is a terrible, horrible way to go. Having attempted suicide with it twice now, I'm inclined to say it really isn't. Last Friday night I took 6,750mg of diphenhydramine. The lethal dose for diphenhydramine is believed to be around 50mg/1kg. So a 100kg/220lbs person would need 5,000kgs. I'm around 98kgs.
But because I'm writing this, it's pretty fucking obvious why I failed. And I failed twice. And I'm gonna tell you why. The first time I did was around a year ago, I woke up the next morning feeling like absolute shit. I mean this was the worse thing I have EVER experienced physically. My muscles could not move. I could not move. It took me five hours to make it to my door and even longer to make it the 10 feet to my bathroom. This muscle-locked constant pain lasted weeks. Weeks.
But the second time I did it, I knew what to expect, and I took the actual lethal dosage, plus some. And I woke up..just fine. No pain. No soreness. Nothing except a racing heartbeat of 124bpm.

But until I woke up, I didn't feel a damn thing. I fell asleep, and that was it. A perfect suicide, am I right? Falling asleep and never waking up, it's what we all want. Diphenhydramine isn't the best idea, but if you're desperate, you can do it.
I failed because I didn't use enough anti-nausea pills to subdue my body's intinct to vomit up the shit that was slowly killing me. Upon waking up it was clear as fucking day that I had chocked on my own pink-colored (from the diphenhydramine) vomit and because I vomited some of it up, there wasn't enough to kill me.
Anybody have unrealistic scenarios or imagery that pops in your head when you want to imagine dying? Stangely often imagine an oversized boot with long thick spikes coming from the bottom and the boot comes down to my face laying on the ground and my brain is suddenly punctured all over resulting in a death that goes by faster than I can take anything in. It's not like I have some fucked up crush fetish or anything either, I just like the idea of a nice and comfy little merciful hole appearing through my head and being struck away in an instant. Of course say a gunshot erase everything in it's path but that's sort of how it feels to imagine it.
Will 60mg of hcl fentanyl, 20mg of xanax and some alcohol kill me? I'm 161cm and weigh 50kg, no tolerance. Also what is the best anti emetic?
List of fentanyl sellers:
xxxmdma has recently exit scammed. magicmanag was banned on alphabay for some reason but I don't think he was scamming, he's on dream market but dream is down atm. I'll upload a guide on using markets etc soonish.
approach girl
get to know her
ask her out
"sorry anon, I only date white guys"
It was not until this moment that I realized how fucked I am. I knew then and there how utterly nugatory it is in this body to attempt to get a gf.
I simply will not be able to attract a quality woman of my own or any other race unless I am white. This is a cacophonous, nightmarish epiphany, and I think I'm going to end it.
Which is better for suicide? Buckshot or slug? Sources and searches aren't giving me anything but success rates w/o detail.
Is there anyone in California who wants to go with another and has inert gas (helium or nitrogen)?  if so, please provide email. Thank you.
I've bought my gun, made any and all preparations, etc. but every time I'm about to go through with it I basically have a panic attack about failing my attempt. Do any of you have tips on how to alleviate those fears?
Can you guys link me some good suicide forums? Tor or not, I don't care. Can't create an account for suicideproject and sanctioned suicide seems to be down.
TL;DR at bottom.
It's a bad idea, don't fucking do it. But you know what? I'm not very good at following advice, so fuck it. Fuck it. It's easy to get, it's easy to take, I've got plenty of anti-emetics and fairly good access to alcohol. It's a bad, bad idea, but you know what, so is life. So let's end it, it'll be fun! Be fail, we suffer, but considering I've already ODed on diphenhydramine I know what it's like. And if it's between that and the pain of life, I'll take the OD. So, let's talk bad ideas!
Diphenhydamine, lethal dose I've got is 50mg/kg. Meaning a 99kg person would need 5000 mg of diphenhydramine to kill themselves. Oh, but it's so easy to get! So if you're really trying, add a few thousand, live a little! Oh, and who doesn't like a little alcohol? Add that! Got anything else, fucking take it!
TL;DR: So, I've got a question for all of you; would 5000-7000mg for a 98kg female work if combined with alcohol and another antihistamines/sedatives like Promethazine work?
I know this board isn't talking about feeling and crap but I think can justify it by explaining my issue creates conflict for making my decision towards suicide. -so what I wanna ask is does anyone get nightmare-ish or disoriented effects from maybe thinking about suicide too much? For me it could very well be other factors (most notable an extreme draw towards sleep too often and staying in bed) partially or entirely responsible but I woke up feeling rather scared and in pain, not feeling in control because I had thoughts of dying that didn't feel like mine in my confused state.
Does anyone know anything similiar? Again, the point is that if I could do anything feeling like that I'd surely fuck everything up big time, especially because I don't want to get stuck that way and locked or something (a big fear of mine).
I've been seriously considering to actually kill myself soon, but unfortunately I live in a rural area of a noguns country with my parents and thus have no easy access to many good methods and might be caught.
I like hanging because of its lethality rate but am also aware that it can fail, especially if someone finds you. I want to acquire the best rope possible, tie it to the most robust structure possible in my house or anywhere with no people and go for it. This is definitely going to be my main method but I'm still anxious of failing so I would like to combine it with other methods if it's viable.
Would there be any real benefits of overdosing myself on drugs and alcohol before hanging myself, if I'm only 130lbs? What if I also slit one of my wrists in addition to that? I obviously want a sure death, but I'm not sure if combining many weak methods is going to be worth it.
So I've heard about The Complete Manual of Suicide multiple times now, yet I have never managed to track down any translations.
Original text is written in Japanese, and apparently was never translated and released elsewhere, but I've seen small snatches of text translated into English kicking around. Having trouble finding the whole thing, unfortunately.
Does anyone have any leads on this? I'd really like to read it, as it seems it may have a lot of good ideas.
I don't want no one to have my possessionshow do I go about it .Should I break them ? Its alot of stuff
If my city had high buildings I wouldnt ask help and I dont know what to do.
Not going to go into too much detail, lets just say I'm ready to go now, would rather not explain why, just here for advice on how to do it.
As a young teen (16) with an extremely controlling family its quite hard to get a hold of anything that i can end myself with, we don't own a rope i could hang myself with, and there's nothing strong or high enough in my house i can do it with, the pills are locked away with a key i don't have. Any advice? Drowning in the bath tub? Please help & don't rant at me, sick of trying anymore, this is the best for me.
I've got lot of free time today, I have a form of rope and a decent door knob, please help and end my suffering.
I live in a non-guns country. If I take a vacation to USA, how easy would it be to get a gun for suicide? I don't think they sell to foreigners because my research shows they do some kind of background check. How about long guns like shotguns? Can you buy one off the rack?
If not burger-land, what other countries can I go to to get a gun? Canada? I hear some of the Baltic countries have lax gun laws. Anyone know?
Are your reasons for feeling suicidal purely personal, or do you think they should apply to others also?
For example - if you believe you deserve to die because you're a failure, should other people who are failures deserve to die as well?
I need to die, ever since I was a little girl I wanted to die, and time's catching up. And fast. I have a partial plan but I'm not sure I can wait that long. Hanging has been very difficult, even though I've fully research and tried carotid artery hanging/tourniquet shit. Drugs are a fine, perferable even, but the more easy-to-get for a standard middle-class woman with no real job, the better. I'm sure you're all familiar with the pain, so do me a favor if you can, and help me out with catching the bus. No trains near by and no access to guns, it's driving me insane. Help me if you can, but best luck to you getting out of this place too.
Do you think the cops watch this and try to save the posters, or are they more concerned with obscenity arrests and marijuana?
Yes, yes, I know doing it through pills is so horribly inefficient and unlucky, but, that said, there's bound to be a lot of medications like diphenhydramine that become deadly in very high doses, yes? I'm looking for more information and could use some help!
I've been considering shotgun + standing in the river. I figured if I somehow survived the blast, I would drown shortly after.
Post your combo ideas.
Does anyone know any helium manufacturers that don't put air into their canisters? Balloon Time & Balloon Occasions have both started putting 20% air into their helium canisters.
Any company names/links to purchasing 100% helium canisters would be greatly appreciated. Having tried the exit bag method twice and finding that both canisters had air in them, I'm feeling extremely frustrated and running out of cash.
planning to commit suicide with U-47700 (an opiate that is 7 times stronger than morphine) and flubromazolam and alcohol
will that do the job?
What good deeds could a introverted young person with not a lot of money do for someone else? I want to die a little less selfish than I lived.
Well, without any crappy story that everyone probably saw in their own lifes, question.
I have 40pills of Escitalpram 10mg and 10 of Alprazolam 1mg
Both of them lower blood pressure and make you sleepy in less than hour(I used them to force my self somehow to live when I still had some chances to "live", but beside making me sleepy and "indifferent" to everything they didnt do anything more).
I know that probability of death by overdose is really low, so any suggestion to what do more to be sure that Im not gonna wakeup as vegetable?
I was thinking about strangulation or cutting my wrist but I know that cutting is actually not that easy and certain method.
Any tips?
If I would take those pills im not gonna puke? and if I wait hour after them and use ligature strangulation it would work
how hard/painful is it to do it with sleeping pills? do you need a prescription for them?
i really wish i had access to a gun
I have 50mg of fentanyl from a vendor called xxxmdma, 250mg temazepam and a few valium left, was going to get fent from a different vendor but they're mucking me around. This should do it anyway. Other good fentanyl vendors on alphabay are magicmanag and USAFENTASTIC is a new one, there aren't many good ones around. Don't order from bigjule, chemical_usa, pharmaphil or mr.99.
Here's my plan, what do you guys think of it?
Climb up a pretty tall tree
Sit on a branch at least 20-30 feet above the ground
Tie noose around neck with at least 10 feet of slack attached to the tree
Take around 50 perscription pills including carvedilol and zoloft
Wash it down with a bottle of something strong
Smoke some weed if I'm still awake
Pass out
Fall of branch
Drop hang
As the title says, describe your last day on this earth, where you would go, who you'd talk to, what you would experience.. Try to keep it pleasant!
Myself, I'd go to an expensive part of the city, book myself into an expensive 5 star hotel, eat the best food, drink the best alcohol, fuck the highest quality whores back at my suite, and come the morning after dawn, end it.
Will 100mg of flubromozolam, 10mg of diclazepan and a whole bottle of white rum kill me?
I can't get anymore benzos due to the new psychoactive bill in the UK
Seriously it's a fucking nanny state here
Why do you avoid physical pain when it only prolongs your mental pain? This is assuming that you don't care about if you're dead body traumatizes someone
hello, i seek some critiques/suggestions for improvement on my plan to kill myself:
60 mg diazepam
maybe 800 mg tramadol
unlimited codeine
antiemetic (benadryl)
alcohol, ie whiskey/vodka
I am thinking to take these on a fairly empty stomach and either sit in a sealed bathroom with a CO grill running OR go into a river with a weighted backpack and wait to become unconscious. Thoughts?
what exactly can i use to hang a rope on?  i aint using drop hanging im just looking for something that can stand my fat ass and isnt too short.  6 foot 1 and 250 lbs.  dont have enough shekels for nembutal or a shotgun
Has anyone known anyone to have an experience with this? What kind of symptoms/side effects kick in before you die? How long approx would it take?
Got any good quotes about suicide, either from yourself or other people?
Here are some that I've collected so far, just from this board. I find them very inspiring, and would love to overlay them on some images sometime:
 Life is an imposition, not a choice.
 If life is a gift, should you return it to the source if it hurts, if it's malfunctioning?
 "It gets better" is a form of Gambler's Fallacy.
 We scour the world searching for true freedom unknowing that it lies just six feet beneath us
The last one is my favorite because the whole "glass pane" thing is a recurring theme in my own life that I can identify with all too well.
I want to do it in a tent set at home(outside is not an option) by coming in once the air fills up with CO.
So things I need are smallest possible tent and disposable grill and lets say I don't know anything about those so:
1.Should I burn grill outside until it's white like in the pic I posted, before bringing it inside?
2.Is there any cheaper alternative instead of a tent?
3.How should I set up a grill in a tent so that it doesn't cause fire also how many grills would be preferable?
4.How long to wait before going in?
Any romanians around that would like to do this together?
Also suicide buddy thread, share contact information discuss methods and arrange meetups
In case there are any romanians that would like to do this together my skype is :moarte.usoara
Where can I get Potassium Cyanide (KCN) online? I've checked every darknet market and tons of other websites but no one sells it for individuals.
I've read on it and it seems like a good way to go is to OD on MDMA.
I don't really give a shit about the exit pain, but the drug effect to enjoy music before the overdose seems like a perfect way to go. I've tried to OD a couple times this past week on OTC drugs before but obviously the drugs are too weak.
Is there a reliable way to get drugs still after the whole silk road takedown? I'm not sure if I should still use silk road or what. I'm an autist with no friends but I have money.
How do you get over the fact that offing yourself will affect your family? I've wanted to try and avoid leaving a gruesome corpse at least.
So, I decided that I will buy a shotgun to blow my head off. So, I'm guessing all I need is a permit to purchase and it's pretty easy to get being that I have no criminal record and not committed to the psych ward. Right?
Hi, where can I purchase all these parts (as a bundle maybe) shown in this exit bag video tutorial?
Thanks!
Any regrets? What would you have done differently? Obviously your experience here hasn't been great, or you wouldn't want to do this, but was there anything that made it worth being here for a while?
Basically, let's all spill our fucking guts before we take off, might be a bit therapeutic.
Literally how? I try to commit to the act but whenever I get the means ready my brain kicks in survival instinct and goes "nah". Then I'm back to spending all my time wishing to die.
I remember seeing A WHILE ago on 4chan an image explaining that there is a type of chemical used to clean rings that you could easily buy off of someone in a pawn shop, and all you'd have to do is mix it with water.
Aparrently after like 40 minutes you'd pass out and then an hour or so like that you'd die.
I'm a pussy guys, I don't think I could face physical pain by using other methods.
I just want to finally rest without having to worry about anything anymore.
I just scheduled my gun safety class so I can buy a gun to end it all. kek.
I have literally no knowledge of guns at all though. Are there any gunfags here? What's the best firearm I could purchase as a civilian that has the highest chance of success and is the most instantaneous? Also I live in a pretty liberal state so I can't purchase any really heavy weapons.
So I've got 1375 mg of Clozapine and 6200 mg of Sertraline. After taking it, I will put a plastic bag over my head and tie it. I intend to go to far away from home to an isolated area. The mistake I made in my only previous attempt was that I didn't go far away enough and I didn't place the bag. But I haven't decided if I should do it again.
Some background info on me:
I dropped out of school multiple times. I get good periods where I do really good work and get good marks, but literally every single good period is ruined by an always longer shitty period where I can't do anything. That's why I keep dropping out. I tried doing online courses, but the cycles still mess it up. I'm fucking tired of getting 90s and then crashing and burning. I'm in Grade 12 still when I should have finished it last year. I don't see how I will finish any post-secondary education like this. All of my friends are in top programs like engineering, biomedical science, computer science, etc. I stay inside most of the time, I don't socialize, and every time I start exercising or going to a gym, the down periods begin. I don't feel much emotion so almost nothing gives me pleasure. It's often even hard to play games or browse the internet, during the shitty periods. I'm already on the best medicine for my condition (it's the clozapine), and I've been on it for 6 months. The sertraline is at the highest dose, and it's also been 6 months. The biggest thing holding me back is family. They will be so devastated. Especially some of my cousins who are still children and my grandmother. I keep on thinking about them. But I don't want to live this shitty life anymore. I don't want to go to hospital, I've been to units 10 times or so and I suppose it helped, but nowhere near decisively. What the fuck should I do?
/r/suicide_methods got banned. Are there any other subreddits that took its' place? Reddit could have some useful info sometimes.
Form What I seen yes.Its quick and painless when you land headfirst.Why don't people use this method more
How painful will suicide by fentanyl powder be if I put it in my mouth?
What I mean with 'limbo' is the state in which you cannot live, for personal reasons, but at the same time lack the motivation to go through with your suicide, or still have some hope.
Is there any way to get out of this?
Is there a decently viable method to commit suicide without letting people know it was a suicide?
What would be the most painless form of suicide be? Or to phrase it better, which would be the least painful, and take the least planning/effort?
link related
I've got a generic ratchet strap and i've tried to use it but obviously ive not succeeded. I really wanna end all of this shit tonight but i just can't seem to get it to work, no matter what i do it just doesn't seem to work. Closest ive came to doing it was with a purple face and bloodshot eyes. I've got a fair amount of privacy tonight something that won't happen for a few more weeks, so I was hoping if someone could help me out thanks.
What i've tried:
Padding my adams apple (I'm not really sure as where to place the kitchen cloth then placing the strap around my neck and tightening but i'm really not sure as where to place it, it just doesn't seem to stay above my adams apple. I'm also aware the bloodshot eyes and blueish face was because i wasn't getting the arteries but the veins. Please help. :/
How much morphine would cause certain death and how painful would said death be? I've already searched google for the answer but found many different opinions
Screw painless and leaving a peaceful corpse, I want out. Slittling the jugular is my option right now. What would be the most suitable tool for that? No access to razor blades.
Is there anyone here for which suicide is a fundamentally ideological issue? I don't mean the right to do it or the morality of it (which we really shouldn't even have to debate here) but rather the absolute extreme, that it's a genuinely righteous and sensible thing to do?
The only time I believe you shouldn't kill yourself is if you have dependent children. If you are a trust fund babby Chad then I can see why you wouldn't want to kill yourself, however your will to live is still ideologically bereft in my mind. If you are just a normie then I can't see you as much more than an idiot caught in a cycle of addiction, like myself.
does anyone here know how painful suicide by nicotine poisoning is? I'm thinking about drinking a lot of e-liquid to off myself
How do you do it right?
Right now I have:
45mg clonazepam
150mg zopiclone
and a lot of alcohol. I realize this most likely (?) isn't enough, so I plan on getting some kind of opiates to add to the mix.
But what I'm most interested in is how to effectively prevent vomiting. I've read hundreds of stories of failed suicide attempts online, and all of the attempted drug overdoses usually end in waking up covered in vomit. Even the ones that are done supposedly "correctly", using the right mixture of lethal drugs with an antiemetic, still often tell of regaining consciousness in a pool of puke.
So how do you do it right? I have some specific questions I hope someone can answer:
What is the most effective antiemetic drug for this purpose?
What is the most effective dosage?
How long should you wait between taking the antiemetic and overdosing on everything else, if at all?
Are certain substances more likely to make you vomit than others? Is alcohol perhaps one of them?
Please share your thoughts. Any information or anecdotes on CNS depressant overdose and/or vomit prevention is helpful too.
I have about 10-15 g of dosulepin pills and are wondering if it would be enough to kill myself on for sure. I am planning to end it all in the next few weeks after i have finished up some smaller tasks. I can get access to cyanide but it has been vacuum packed for almost 2 years so i am not sure if it is fine to still use at all.
So I found these pills in a random bag at a random place in my house. In total 110/ 2.75mg in total. I know pills are usually a pussy attempt and you'll get probably brain damage if you survive but what if I choke them all with a bottle of vodka?
Any more info would be appreciated obv
Suppose there is some conflict of morals, law, or whatever stupid obstacle in front of you. What would be other options? The only one that comes to mind is lobotomy or other acts that would fry your brain.
How many are there that has this capacity, what would happen if I try this with random drugs like sleeping pills? Pic related for example.
How can I do it right now. Just get it over with. I can't take it anymore. I just want to go home and end it. Just something, anything to kill me.
My plan to go out currently stands with taking diphenhydramine with alcohol. What would be the ideal amount of both to do the trick.
I tried about 350mg and a six pack of cider to try and get a feel for it, but I only felt a little heated and unstable.
Is it possible to go out with regular beer, or do I have to go all out with vodka or something?
1750mg Diphenhydramine Hydrochloride
I'm pretty sure that alone won't kill me though, not sure.
Theres also a railroad nearby that i could try.
Any other ideas/info for me?
How much insulin would be enough to kill me if I was on an empty stomach?
I'm 6'1 and broad built if that helps
Does anyone have any advice on shotguns?
If so could you also try to address these questions.
What's cheap, is walmart worth getting a shotgun from, should the ammo be buckshot, is it difficult to pull the trigger while the barrel is in your mouth?
Thank you for any help you can provide.
Gonna skip the boring shit.
I got 35 sleeping pills and can get some percs.
What do you think?
Not sure when i'm going to do it, maybe when I get bored of making music/ get angry with how its stupid and hard to be a musician for a living.
I'm having that problem right now. I know I want to do it, I know I *need* to do it, I know there's nothing in this world for me anymore. And yet I can't bring myself to just fucking do it. I wonder if I can manage to starve myself, that way it just sort of happens.
Hey Suicide/
Im planning to kill myself this sunday and bought a ratchet tie down with no hooks. Do you think it will do the trick? Any suggestions to make it less painful/more successful? Thanks guys.
Looking to pool resources to achieve a fool-proof exit, looking to OD preferably, but willing to tack on other methods to assure victort, need interested parties. Fuck this mess, not staying here to accept it.
post useful links
methods:
failed attempts:
pics:
notes:
blogs / books / documentaries:
other:
music:
just want to slit my wrists and end this bullshit
If I write that someone bulled/encouraged  me to death will they get in trouble? or go to jail
I'm homosexual and was raised christian all of my life. Everyone I ever knew was violently homophobic, even the athiests. I had the bible drilled into me before I could fucking read. I can't stop believing in the bible. It's almost pathological. I have nightmares about hell all the time. It's literally almost like having schizophrenia, except instead of hearing voices your conscience eats at you 24/7 to where it feels like you're hearing voices.
When I wake up, I think about hell. All day I think about hell. I can't have fun. I can't focus on my school work. I'm failing college and if I fuck up at work again my ass is fired. I just can't concentrate on anything. I hate being a worthless faggot piece of shit. I think I might be an athiest because I can't imagine why God would make me this way. If God is real, then I hate him. I just can't take this paranoia any longer.
If hell is real, then I wanna just go there now and get it over with. I'm scared of death though. I don't wanna die but I'm obsessively scared of hell so I just wanna get it over with.
And if there is no hell, then I wanna get out of the hell I'm in right now.
Competitive divers will sometimes hyperventilate for a few minutes before a dive so that they can hold their breath for longer. This doesn't actually increase the amount of oxygen in the blood. It just decreases the amount of c02 and in so doing your bodies panic. For this reason divers have died from suddenly passing out underwater and then drowning. So suggestion is: hyperventilate for, I don't know ten minutes (the most i've practised with is 3 minutes. Its very relaxing) and then dive into the sea. i think the bottom of the sea would be a beautiful place to say goodbye as well.
On June 6th physician-assisted dying becomes legal in Canada, following a decision by our Supreme Court last year.
In a surprising act of mercy the Court made the access requirements remarkably inclusive: You must be suffering from a "grievous" medical condition that is "irremediable" and causes you "intolerable" suffering. You do not need to actually be dying, to have a physical ailment or to have accepted any treatment.
I'm thinking this may finally be my way off this planet after a lifetime of failure caused by autism and probably a personality disorder as well. Any other Canadians here contemplating the same thing?
So i've researched stuff and seems like my best bet is guillotine by train. There are 2 things though:
a)trains here are slow, like maybe 30km/h
b)bumpers on trains. i've observed this a bit but i can't be sure if my neck will fit under it. it looks like barely it will.
According to stuff, this should have at least 90% chance of success, more like 99% if i won't take my neck off the rails. Still, I welcome your suggestions.
You guys seen this yet? The leading manufacturer of disposable helium cannisters (e.g 'Balloon Time' tanks) is now officially diluting with oxygen. They no longer contain pure helium.
Balloon Time helium is no longer a valid option for a peaceful way out because that oxygen in the tank will keep you alive. What the fucking fuck.
I had a thought about ancient Rome. Back then it wasn't anything weird that rich people who feared death from the new emperor, would call a specialist to cut their veins in hot bath or drink poison. And while doing this they would happily chat to their friends and die peacefully.
So my question: If you had a choice (or an option possibility, call it whatever you like) then would you rather ctb by yourself or with someone beside you? Not as in together, but rather to make it less sad. I gave it a thought and would die for (haha) to have some good soul around, when it happens. It is just so grim to be here in my room, all alone, knowing that my family, whom I dislike so much, will eventually find me. Unfortunately most of my friends, are not my friends any more, as they turned their back when I gradually began to fade into depression. I even told some of them what am I going to do, and there was even no reaction to it. That is, if you don't count that one girl, who told me, that she'd be happy to help, but she might freak out and call an ambulance during the thing, so she rather just steps back from this shenanigans. I literally have nobody. But if it was possible, then I would so freaking want to have someone sit next to and hold my hand right before. After all, it will be a long journey.
I have seen the Dutch and Norwegians here, but it's far from me. I thought I'd give it a shoot to find a ctb buddy from somewhere closer, so, are there any Berliners/Polish/Czech anons? Anybody from Central Europe to go together?
Does anybody have access to the latest 2014-2015 Peaceful Pill Handbook? Could they post the pdf here or link it? Much obliged.
I see no one point in living. Nothing has a reason.
Nothing matters.
Is see no point in doing those things anymore if your life goes wrong.
Why study? Why do sport? Why eat healthy? Why care about myself? Why getting laid? Where is the sense?
If there is no will to live, why continue on?
Is it possible to buy Potassium cyanide online? I've read in books and many articles that the reliability of this method is quite high.
My plan of suicide is to drive south from my city, until I reach the very southern point I can. I will bring everything which identifies me, and everything which I used fondly remember of. I will then burn everything by the sea, and then before sunrise, I'll die by CO poisoning.
Can a leather belt sustain a hanging 154 lbs (70 kg) person without breaking up?
Would pic related work?
So, I want to feel good physically and psychologically when I die. I want my dopamine levels to rise to the max when I die. I just want my death to feel pleasurable and quick. Any tips?
Yo.
I heard of killing yourself with salt.
Would it work?
going in to the woods and starve to death would also be a solution.
i want to end my life.
I'm looking for buy some Nembutal, can someone point me in the right direction.
Is 0.650g of heroin IV enough to kill a small woman with no tolerance to opiates? Probably will be some alcohol in the system too.
To any looking for a quick way out. I would ask how it does, but they're probably dead since I see no thread about this method
/methods/: For those who are serious about /suicide/
I've constructed the board now so that it's less susceptible to troll, cancer and spam.
Mostly using sticky posts.
I hope you guys can appreciate.
i have a problem in my body i was born into a semi potato state , only my left hand is working not strong enough to do shit , all i have to commit suicide is a PC and a bottle of water , i tried throwing water on it but the fuck it didn't electrocute me
any ways to commit suicide with a bottle of water and pc , i can't reach the knife and my shitty ass of a father that lets me live cause of the government support money which i don't get shit of , i don't have pills near me , i'm penniless , all windows are sealed off with iron bars , my dad banned all my relatives from visiting especially little kids
So I went to my local store and to my horror, we now only have the new diluted 20% air balloontime balloon kits available.
I'm considering hiring a helium tank or 2 from a party supply store.
I'm really concerned  with the gas flow. The Final Exit doesn't mention it at all, but the Peacefull Pill Handbook stresses it's necessity to avoid failure.
Does anyone know how to buy/make a gas flow regulator for a helium tank? The one sold at exit international requires being a member and ID to be over 50 years old. Here's the store's listing:
What should we do about performing this method successfully?
Hi, any resources about bloodletting? How peaceful and reliable would it be to get drunk and have sleeping pills and stick a syringe in my cephalic or basilic vein?
What do you want to do before you die, Anon?
I want to get all the ideas floating around my head written and drawn out. It'd be nice to leave behind some creative work that at least one person enjoys before I go.
Hello,
I was wondering about using heroin to intentionally overdose and die.
I've heard mixed reports on whether there is any pain or fear. Some people said they went to sleep. Others say they struggled to breathe and panicked.
Also I need a tutorial on how to prepare/inject heroin. I'm thinking of buying a large amount off either alphabay or dreammarket darknet marketplaces.
How much heroin is needed to overdose? I've never used heroin and have no tolerance to opiates.
I've never shot up myself, but twice a friend shot me up with Crystal Methamphetamine. Any tips on this?
Intentional Heroin overdose is not listen in the popular euthanasia literature (ie "The Final Exit" and "The Peacefull Pill Handbook" Any ideas why not? It seems like a very good method.
