Oh hey /x/. While googling my username I came across this archive of a great thread I made on /x/ ages back. Here it is in its glory again, enjoy.

---

NT-Spek!pjgFq5Sako 08/10/18(Sat)13:26

There was a thread on /b/ which died quite quickly a few weeks ago. The thread
was full of creepy wiki pages, Some of them were shit, some were pretty
fucking weird and creepy.
I quickly saved the list, Here ya go /x/.
Pic unrelated btw, Unless you class Ulillillia and his crazy antics as
Paranormal.
Some are repeats also.

































How does one focus negative spiritual energy? I'm interested in weaponizing poltergeists. Or the evil eye. Whichever.

Hello, I'm looking for material on seeing the future, intuition, instinct or similar methods.

any good reads or suggestion?

Does anyone else believe that Pokemon was created by the Illuminati to stop kids from taking over America?

how do i summon a succubus?

ISIS Islamic State - Al Qaeda and Islam and Muslims in Mayan Southern Mexico and Central America

ISIS Islamic State - Al Qaeda and Islam and Muslims in Mayan Chiapas and Yucatan Peninsula Southern Mexico and Central America. Islamic Mayan Caliphate in Latin America




Does anyone have any interesting doxx on the King project that is happening all over the world? It's a pedophile network that is actually protected by the government and they make all kinds of garbage snuff movies, they kidnap rape and murder entire families, then adopt them in order to buy their silence, the project has been going on for almost 30 years.

I can take photos of the millitary facilities that they use to film this garbage that I've had in storage for a while. Would be glad to provide any info on the project so that it becomes public knowledge and it shuts down permanently.

Indonesia

Mexico

Japan - Nagoya

Italy

Dominican Republic

Korea

SG

Phillipines - Manila

Gran Canaria - Sta. Catalina/Triana/Guanarteme/Risco/Lomo Blanco/Tamaraceite

Atlantida

Tenerife

Spain - Seville

Portugal

Malaysia - Kuala Lumpur/Teluk Intam

America - Cali/San Francisco/Miami

/Cambridge

Brazil

Canada - Vancouver

UK - Boston

Will make an interactive page when I'm less busy.

ISIS Islamic State - Al Qaeda and Islam and Muslims in Latin America





*** IMPORTANT ***: COPY BEFORE TRUTH WILL BE CENSORED WITHIN MINUTES

June 12, 2016 - Orlando, Florida: Fake mass blood setting the stage for the real deal:
- disarmed citizens before guillotines and gas chambers from USA to EU;
- ground troops in Syria. ISIS is an illuminati created organization to discredit the real rebels and used as a pretext for military intervention.
Same type of theater as other "US serial shootings" since 2011, staged exclusively with actors and virtual identities.

Illuminati jokes range:
- from having actors playing "witnesses" to "shooter" in IMDB, the actors database (1);
- to having homosexuals mourning the fake blood just before they are transported to the extermination camps.
Best joke of all:
- have the shooter pledge alliance to both ISIS and Al-Nusra.
Reminder: ISIS mercenaries killed in action: most by Al-Nusra, none by Russia/USA/Assad/Iran.

Illuminati fulfilling religion by passing truth in plain sight:
- Orlando false blood "predicted" explicitly in I, Pet Goat II @ 1:06.


Talk of that cartoon and the timeline:
- It also has a preview of the opening ceremony of Gotthard Base Tunnel.
The all-seeing-eye Jesus figure coming out of the tunnel, blowing everyone up, like the tangle of bodies.
- The whirling dervish dance at 14:40. Same as in the Pet Goat video.


As another poster correctly "exposes":
"Hammerhead shark, gay club house, and shooting cock - iPet Goat II - LOOK!
A hammerhead is slang for a homosexual male.
The hammerhead is seen right under the shooting penis firing at the burning house (the Club)."

Note:
(1) Actors and their resumes:
- "Shooter" Omar Mateen - imdb/name/nm5753533/
- "Witness" Luis Burbano - imdb/name/nm3483499/
- "Gay Andy Moss" - facebook/people/Andy-Moss/100004376311744

So do any of you remember those Mickey Mouse cartoons from the 1930s? The ones that were just put out on DVDa few years ago? Well, I hear there is one that was unreleased to even the most avid classic disney fans. According to sources, it's nothing special. It's just a continuous loop (like flinstones) of mickey walking past 6 buildings that goes on for two or three minutes before fading out. Unlike the cutesy tunes put in though, the song on this cartoon was not a song at all, just a constant banging on a piano as if the keys for a minute and a half before going to white noise for the remainder of the film. It wasn't the jolly old Mickey we've come to love either, Mickey wasn't dancing, not even smiling, just kind of walking as if you or I were walking, with a normal facial expression, but for some reason his head tilted side to side as he kept this dismal look. Up until a year or two ago, everyone believed that after it cut to black and that was it. When Leonard Maltin was reviewing the cartoon to be put in the complete series, he decided it was too junk to be on the DVD, but wanted to have a digital copy due to the fact that it was a creation of Walt. When he had a digitized version up on his computer to look at the file, he noticed something. The cartoon was actually 9 minutes and 4 seconds long. This is what my source emailed to me, in full (he is a personal assistant of one of the higher executives at Disney, and acquaintance of Mr. Maltin himself):

I thought it was about time us xphiles had a place of our own we could go to and not have to worry about being judged. So I made this:

Only for those, who can use their brains!

Can someone explain to me what this is?


Now they're messing with classic film comedy.

Laurel & Hardy films have been retconned.




Does anyone like to share creepy, unexplained stories, or pictures?

If so, post them here!


This whole species is mind controlled by an evil deity!!!

The only 2 people who mattered were mind controlled, molested, raped and ruined by the ugly fuck retarded pig Canadian souls.

kelownasucks.com

This part of reality, all of you and the deity is pure trash

It has people raped and mutilated then tries to seem playful with them...

Freak being that controls all of you!!!

ghosts appear as memories and illusions because it is much harder to manifest as matter because matter and energy can not come from nothing. There has been one instance of matter being created and that is(how many would describe it) the big bang.me,you and everyone else at one point has been someone else. All your memories are recycled memories and your muscle memories are also recycled.they are taught to you through your parents and peers as the basics,when really those said movements are so complex only our kind has the ability to perfect it on such a large scale.the energy that you produced to turn on your car was at one point used to stab a king or catch a fish. I can not possibly give you the dynamics of how all this works,but humanity has not the knowledge of such equations that could map out how and why these actions occur. For us humans to even fathom such a thing we would have to evolve our minds and bodies beyond the limitations we are set with

Did i pseudoscience right?





8:30 in

Pence will be Trump's VP: why it doesn't take a rocket scientist to get it.
Because it doesn't also take a rocket scientist to get how the actor playing billionaire Trump was named.

USA, EU, Canada or Australia: not only everyone in the government but also in the" parliamentary opposition" does nothing but to execute orders from the illuminati Grand master.
Almost everyone there was reduced to human cattle, those who accepted the Mark of the Beast.
One consequence is the apparent loss of the capacity to logically reason and even to remember facts directly related to their survival.

Basic facts about human cattle - self explains why reading it won't have you weep about yourself

Basic facts about human cattle:
Example: NATO and EU member France
a) no longer an independent state: french executive subordinated to the European constitution and to EU entities; it has no control over currency and borders (people controlled after "state of emergency" was declared in November but obviously not for goods and capital to other EU states).
b ) the most basic democratic principle, freedom of speech, was totally suppressed: law passed 2015 to jail anyone questioning the official story on anything, known as the "conspiracy theory" law.
Yet human cattle still states that they live in a democratic independent state.
Side note::all it takes, other than the BIG LIE technique (everyone in the media constantly repeating it) are a few psy-ops such as still calling "President of the Republic" to the governor of the EU state France; holding "elections"; avoiding the EU flag in castles, etc.


Hi everyone , i want to share this show of paranormal topics, psychic readings, and ghost stories. I think everyone who is into paranormal stuff should watch this. He has some crazy experiences.


Who thinks that bohemian groove is more than just a men's only, members only, club of the most wealthy and affluent rulers of the world? They aren't supposed to talk politics while there at the gay soire and yet they conspire to economically and ideologically trap all of humanity in a never ending cycle of insanity and hate. Maybe they burn "care" to open a portal to the next realm of consciousness and let demons into the world. Those demons are adding to the world's problems. And these party goers are driving this train into another train coming head on.

Pic related




I think it's really interesting how the Jews took over everything.


Found this while filtering YouTube under the recently uploaded option. Can anyone tell me what the hell it is?


Found this while browsing YouTube under the recently uploaded filter. What the hell is this? What does it mean.


Can you find it? Do you have any Legit or Fake yet messed up videos?

(pic is of Red Man Tape)

Any time you remember this post, you will enter a mindful or magickal state. You will suddenly recall your most important spiritual teachings, experiences, and concepts.
Memories of this post will now be triggered by the color, word, and concept of Blue. Today's Thursday, the day of Jupiter, god of the blue skies and Chesed, who is represented in the blue Sephira of Mercy on the Qabalistic Tree of Life.

What is this place? Oculus Anubis Temple 17700 SE Forest Hill Dr, Damascus, OR 97089

Who here has encountered something truly supernatural? I mean multiple witness, physics defying occurrence. Lights in the sky, weird dreams, experimental aircraft, photo dust, screams from the forest, weird animals - right in the trash. I would have a couple of stories myself, but I could have easily made those up.
You know it's right when you can't even explain it.

For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.
For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent.

The north pole is actually a thriving Arabic city. If you look at the north pole on google earth there are heaps of Arabic pictures of land.




ayy lmao

DS3

Dropped

I've had a few. Laughing around me, being touched, seeing a hooded figure at the foot of my bed. It started after my dad was murdered in July.
Tell your stories.

Friend pops up to me on Facebook about a "despair code" so I google and see this although it's 404'd. What is this despair code?



have you guys heard about marianas web? it's the deepest part of the deep web. however no one knows how to get there and apparently no one has ever been there. does anyone know anything about marianas web or got screenshots, conspiracies?

Joe Biden is Donald Trump, saw a post somewhere else the other day and it has been bugging me. You hear about a lot of these magicians like obmama/osama bill hicks/alex jones

Biden trump looks really close, also smoogle has no pics of them ever together

what do you think

Hello,

I am here only to share the truth. I will answer any serious and coherent questions you might have. If you are not willing to learn the answer, do not ask the question.

If you tell me that I am wrong about something and "statement here" is the truth, I have most likely believed it before and found that to be a lie.

The Grand Plan and Final Deception of Lucifer (preview)

Illuminati - 666 signs - Darkness is coming.

Descent of the Stars

My personal testimony.

The Bible way to Heaven. Salvation is simple.

The breath of Life: Setting the captives free

Exposing the heresy of Lordship salvation.


Can you lose your salvation? - Short answer: No.
Is the King James Bible the only preserved Word of God? Short answer: Yes.

Holy, holy, holy is the LORD of Hosts, the whole earth is full of His glory.









[Tree_of_Souls].html

lost all my good creepy wall arts. Am posting what i got, saved. wallpaper sized, artish the best. Looking for real stuff, creepypasta stuff too.


GWEUHUHRGHIJEQ

i have started believing in planet x. help me

march 9 eclipse and asteroid on way

loads of quakes happening too

Now, you tell the truth /x/, give it to me straight, don't play around.

Anybody here in the OTO?

How bout the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn?

You guys conduct sex magic and/or torture animals?

Dear occultists,
I read that starting out with just chaos magic will be detrimental to one's magical progression. That is, one should have a basis in smth else before.

Is this true? Why?
Thanks in advance.

Unconscious Uncoupling; They moved the arrow tip to the bow tip and raped marissa loyst. They are going to rape a baby into her and multiple men. She will live a false life and forget everything she was. I want my girlfriend back

I want my girlfriend with All her memories intact. Is that understood.

Gotcha ,

They're silencing celebrities who are trying to talk. Same with Jimmy Saville and Rolf Harris.

How do you discredit someone? Throw children and pedophilia at them, suddenly anything they might say gets smeared with an unwelcome tinge of boy fiddling.


How do we know
there isn't an afterlife, and prolonged exposure to mass effect fields prevents souls from migrating to it?

Also, commander shephard is tyler durden and is simultaneously renegade and paragon.

Does anyone know the identity of this logo? Something from the occult fields?

It was isolated from a photo still

Original content for you, /x/, just in time for the Shemiteh.

1/6

la5futldp7xjrpc4.onion

I was on my bed, switching different channels on my TV. There's nothing for me to watch!

But, I like to watch Regular Show. But I can't now, because it's 10:00 at night. Without waking my parents up, I slowly got out of my bed, went by my closet door, then slowly opened it.

There was a little shelf full of VHS and DVD tapes. I searched for them, but no Regular Show DVDs. I walked to the corner of my bed and literally stopped. Something had caught my eye.
There was a VHS tape that I had never saw before. I ran to my closet again, and looked at it closely. The

VHS tape label was ripped off, with red pen written on it, saying,

"Regular Show - Lost Episode."

Lost episode? I didn't know Regular Show had a lost episode! I grabbed the VHS tape off of my shelf, closed the closet door, then put it in that VHS slot, then watched it.

The intro was playing, but the animation was really off. What I saw is the title card that said,

"The Death of Rigby."

I was hoping that this was a sick joke. So, the intro now cuts to the show.

The scene cuts to the house outside, then it cuts to Benson. He says to his friends that they have a lot of work to do.

Pops and Skips will clean the garage, Muscle Man and Hi-Five Ghost will clean the attic, and Mordecai and Rigby will give him a Grilled Cheese Deluxe at Cheezers, since it's not even lunch yet.

He then told everybody to get to work. Then, the scene cuts to Mordecai and Rigby walking to the
cart. Mordecai says to Rigby,

"Let's go get the Grilled Cheese Deluxe."

Rigby says okay, then they both went into the cart, and drove to Cheezers. The scene shots to the very long line at Cheezers. After the long line was finished, Mordecai and Rigby were up next.

Rigby said to the cashier that he'll have a Grilled Cheese Deluxe. The cashier said okay, and after the Grilled Cheese Deluxe was made, the cashier put it in the bag, and gave it to Rigby.

"Oh, yes!" Rigby exclaimed.

They rushed out of the resturant and stopped by the cart.

"'You ready for extreme cartin'?" Mordecai asked to Rigby.

"Extreme cartin'!" Rigby shouted, then they both do the "Ohhhhhh!" catchphrase. Then, the scene cuts to Mordecai doing some cool tricks in the cart while Rigby was in the back seat.

After all of this was done, they went in the house, laughing. They went to Benson's office, and showed them the Grilled Cheese Deluxe bag with smoke coming out of it.

Benson wants to know what happend to his sandwich. Rigby said that it isn't a sandwich. After that, Benson yelled at him to go get another Grilled Cheese Deluxe.

Rigby said in a firm voice, "No."
After this, Benson's face was zoomed in then was zoomed out by grabbing a chainsaw out of nowhere.

Rigby gasped, then the scene shot outside to Benson's office window. What I saw is Benson cutting Rigby up with a chainsaw, while Rigby was screaming, before realistic, orange blood came up on the window. I think I threw up in my mouth a little.

Benson yelled again, "Go get me another Grilled Cheese Deluxe!"

Rigby answered, "No!"

"I'm gonna tear you lint from lint!"

"T-that's what I thought." Rigby finally said. The scene shot inside where blood was covering on the walls, and on the floor.

Mordecai ran to Rigby and hugged him, saying,

"Oh no! Rigby! Please don't be dead."

After he said this, he started crying softly, before fading out to black.

---
The next morning, Mordecai woke up. He got out of bed, went downstairs, opened the front door, then went to his cart.

He drove to a cemetery where it's dark and raining. Inside the cemetery, there were tombstones. Mordecai went to the end of the cemetery and stopped.

All of his friends are there, staring at a purple tombstone with flowers on the grass. Mordecai rushed to them.

The scene shot to the purple tombstone that said, "Rigby," on it, written in red.

"Rigby," Mordecai said. "I'll never see you again."

After he said this, Mordecai got down to his knees, and started to cry violently. The scene faded out to black, showing the credits, while a music box can be heard playing in the background.

After the credits stopped playing, the VHS came out of the VCR slot by itself.

I have to say, I am scared right now. Also, I don't know how I have this VHS tape in my room. I don't know how. I was searching the lost episode up on my computer but nothing came out of it.

I just want to say this to you...

If you recognize the episode, let me know.




Got banned in the middle of telling an anon that they are not God.

This board keeps connecting my ip to posts i am not making and banning me for them.

This poster is a tyrant and pretends to be God and please for the love of God someone attack this thread with some knowledge.

communication of exigency of modern-warring/psychics/psionics technologies: You are a Targeted Undividual and of perpetrating of harms of PSIONIC electronic artificial machine stimulation of body muscle movement an dlike-sensation of moments of: people of government of other than of family/friend/acquaintance of you of work/doing/living of a ction of governmenting of like-family/like-friend/like-acquaintance of you since you are living of electronic artificial machine stimulation of body muscle movement so you are eating, of drink, and living of shelter since of you of living of other than of electronic artificial machine stimulation of body muscle movement, so you are living of other than of eating and and or drink and and or shelter. _Humans live of eating and drink and shelter of other than of electronic artificial machine stimulation of body muscle movement so of eating and drink and shelter of moment of sense/sensation of a communication of everything and anything and eachthing a human lives/does of moment of and earlier than of human of living of a ction of everything and anything and eachthing a human does/lives of. _How ta live of eating and drink and shelter of other than of electronic artificial machine stimulation of body muscle movement so of eating and water/drink and shelter: have a digital like-music sheet of a computer with you (like a mobile cell phone computer) and have additions of so of communications of words of whatever and everything and anything and eachthing you live/do of under or above or shown or of near or of the notes of the digital like-music sheet of you of living _HOW OF TECHNOLOGY OF PSIONIC ELECTRONIC ARTIFICIAL MACHINE STIMULATION OF BODY MUSCLE MOVEMENT AND LIKE-SENSATION: electricity caused of inside of human since of tiny metals sized smaller than animal cell pieces of moved back and forth and side ta since of energies striked/hitting/at of tiny metals since of energies sent/from machine of distant/far of miles/kilometers

Hello everyone, I am not regularly a 7chan user but I am searching for advice. My problem first started 2 years ago when my brother and I bought a cottage on the East side of Scotland we lived there for a few weeks going in and out of our daily lives. It wasn't till 3 months after we moved in that strange things started happening. Objects moving around, loud bangs although nothing had moved or fallen. I would ask my brother if he'd heard anything out of the usual but he shrugged it off and told me I was imagining things. He worked the night shift for the police you see, sorting and taking information that he was given throughout the night. It would always happen at night sometimes around 2-3 AM. For months this went on but my brother still would not hear or see anything. It began getting more intense. Seeing shadows pass the hall way and once I didn't think things could get any worse I started to heard bangs at my window through the night. I would go out to check wielding whatever I could find but still I saw nothing. After that things went quiet for a while but have come back stronger than ever. It was only last week on a Tuesday I think, around 1:00 AM and my girlfriend and I were getting intimate laying in bed, without going too far into detail. when she started screaming saying she couldn't breathe and that it felt as if someone was choking her or pushing down on her chest. She then proceeded to kiss me and tell me she couldn't stay the night, since then she hasn't stepped foot through that door and when ever we are together for the night it is at her place. I need help and am asking for advice on how to handle this. To be honest it's really got me spooked and i just want rid of what ever is haunting my house.




New ARG.

Also, here's tits.


____
?____
?a'`+alla10011

Well i was thinking aren't Yoga and all other meditations ultimately rituals? I mean Yoga and meditation require us to repeat certain patterns or processes in order to achieve a higher(?) state. Isn't that what a ritual is? Isn't yoga then a ritualistic dance? I mean higher state ultimately means that u are able to love more naturally and when loving everyone becomes totally natural it is the highest form of human existence. Has yoga ever aided anyone love better? You may say that it teaches u discipline, but if u think about it slaves are disciplined too(corporate world slave to the money an obvious example). What is the proof that the power surge u feel from yoga isn't demonic? No yoga master i've ever seen can be considered a higher being whereas true lovers are. My take is Yoga is ultimately a ritual.

Is it possible to copy and save the circuits of a human brain/own consciousness to survive digitally?

Join us and lets talk spooky

We're on rizon


To join either get hexchat or mIRC

or click the kawaiiirc link below!


Tianjin china was rods of god,tungsten rods dropped from orbit.

Mecca crane, looked like a blast wave

refugees fleeing same week,

is there a war on somewhere

big week with obama bowing to the pope

Hello there users of 7chan, I am a representative of the ISN and I have been assigned with initiating a collaborative effort with members who have information regarding the actions of Cicada 3301.

There are only so many details I am able to part with though the end goal is to locate some form of organisation through the smoke and mirrors of their recruitment methods.

As of now we do not have any form of reward for such collaboration aside from exclusive, first hand experience. If we are satisfied with your abilities, we may be flying more educated members to us.

The knowledge of this operation is not classified but the details of it are, and will be protected accordingly.

Any interested individuals, please leave information below. We have our own archive so we will be watching for information that may not be in circulation.

So I've been recently been intrigued with finding the origins of internet photos. Anyone know where the image of Jeff the Killer came from?

The BBC has released a list of books found at the Bin Ladin compound in Pakistan where the man killed by U.S. Delta Force soldiers. All of these books on the list were discovered in ebook form, and the article implies that all the books were in English.

This list if bursting with WTFs. Among the strangeness includes

Arabic Calligraphy Workshop by Fayeq S Oweiss

New Pearl Harbor: Disturbing Questions about the Bush Administration and 9/11 by David Ray Griffin (Yep, Bin Ladin had a book on his hard drive written by Truthers)

Grappler's Guide to Sports Nutrition by John Berardi and Michael Fry

Bloodlines of the Illuminati by Fritz Springmeier

Secrets of the Federal Reserve by Eustace Mullins

something about Project MKULTRA

scans of select pages from the Children's Guiness Book of World Records
Sadly, the article does not specify which pages

The Secret Teachings of All Ages by Manly Hall (1928)

And are you ready for a falcon punch to the family jewels of irony?

a guide to the video game, Delta Force Extreme 2


All secrets are in this picture, the existence, what is God, who are the Illuminati and his plan. Pls , send this information , they are deleting.

Beware, the snake,Tunnels inside earth, Obama will not save the world

The Following is a Copied transcript of a blog entry unedited.



The Security Device
by Forresn, May 18, 2014, 3:27:11 PM
Part 1
They wouldn't buy it if they didn't want to.


This is the line that you are destined to hear.

For over A year and a half I have been under constant torture and harassment by our government and the corporations it is involved with.

Currently there are technologies being deployed in almost every major commercial franchise, this device is a computer that is built to simulate everything a person is going to do while inside a store.

This description makes the device sound like a theft security system, however the truth is far worse than a simple security device.





Enter the Device:

While on your weekly trip to your neighborhood market you may or may not know that your actions are being simulated at all times, from entrance down isle-five and finally to exit.

Like any proper security device with the power of a multi nodal Computer; your actions and all the foreseeable actions you might take are quickly pegged out before you even walk past the front door. Some would call this progress others might call it necessary.

What is not quite so justifiable however is just precisely what they are collecting that information for, and what they are willing to do with that information.






Conflict of interest:

What is truly disturbing are the links that these corporations have with the government.

It is implied that a contract must exist between both the governments and corporations willing to use these technologies by considering how heavily trafficked most franchises are.

The abundance of sociological, biological, and psychological data that can be collected by the government from the huge amount of human traffic in said franchises for use in there technology and operations is a candy that the government just cannot pass up.

The question is; what do the corporations have to gain from this contract?

Aside from a blind eye, bailouts, and tax brakes, they've collected in full your money.





Just Business:

How would the outcome of your visit to say "Wall market" be effected if you were to be conveniently distracted by the chirping of a bird on an advert over the intercom when reaching for the value brand shampoo?

You just might have shifted off your natural course of action just enough to pick up that extra expensive bottle just slightly to the left.

This example is an extremely simple and has a very short path back to the computer that had simulated your reaction to this external influence.

To really understand the full scope of what these systems are capable of you must consider the predictive abilities of supercomputers. These devices are capable of setting up chain events that in the end resemble nothing like a Computer/Human interaction.

For example lets say the the first step is that a "wall market" employee is subject to a noise over the intercom that distracts the employee who then places an item on a shelf that is over hanging. A few minutes later a customer walks over and say knocks it over. Now down the isle another customer and their spouse hears this and the resulting action is that they change subject while talking somewhat loudly.

After a few minutes they reach the end of an isle.
Across from him is another person thinking about buying an item, at this moment perfectly timed to the second he picks it up to read more about it and at that moment the loud talking customer laughs loudly to their spouse and says " That Would be a Great Choice!".

Although Irrelevant to the customer attempting to decide if they were to purchase the item, an involuntary biological reaction occurs and they smile, and so the scale is tipped and the item goes into the shopper's basket.
comment was irrelevant but it still had an enormous effect on him regardless.

This is a crude and unrefined version of what takes place, but is assuredly a great example.

Aside from product persuasion techniques, by far the most rampant social manipulation is the speed at which you walk through these stores; Notice how quickly you and the other customers walk down the isles, and it always seems that their is always the clacking of shoes or some other external influence that seems to deny your desire to slow down.





For Example:

This image here shows a "Check ID" counter poster for Tobacco and Alcohol. Both photos are posted side by side, and are exactly the same except for one difference: The eyes in each photo are different, one is looking off to the right while the other is looking forward.

This is done inorder to bring discomfort to the not so legal consumer, thus making the clerk more likely to card the subject.
These are called markers, you are persuaded to look at these markers via external stimuli, and then depending on your psychological reaction your clerk is given the unconscious stimuli to be more cautious and card you.

7-11 is one of the major franchises that utilize this technology, all day long you hear electronic beeping and ultrasonic buzzing all designed to keep their employees in check and on guard , as well as weed out the shoplifters, exasperate those who are nervous, check out minors, and find law breakers all while getting an ultrasonic MRI like Image of everyone's brain and sociological reactions to sell back to the government.

(although the Ultrasonic imagery is only used in impoverished areas.(Really check it out, you will know when you hear it.))

Chk by Forresn

Only smart people would consider/do mass manipulation with their wealth. It can only go beyond retail at that point. And if anyone was smart enough to start following my trail, I'd eliminate them. Without putting blame on myself, of course.

It's a story too logical for idiots to accept. Hence, nobody in society accepts it, therefore the constituent proponents and practicers of society are idiots.

If there are people as cold as those who work in slaughterhouses, don't think for a minute that they would opt out of an opportunity to coldly manipulate you into doing what they want to fuel their wealth.

My main question is: Why is it so easy for them to laugh at/disregard when the logic of it is so sound that you start to think if there really is any other way.

/x/, I'm wondering what you believe to ward off the paranormal. Haunts, specters, that sort of thing. What keeps them away, and why?

Have you ever heard of wards that aren't based in Catholicism or Christianity? Have you heard of any that are based on religions without deities?

What do you know about this guy who called himself One Man Army. He said his first name was David. I know he claimed to be a prophet and was a victim of Satanic Ritual Abuse and worked to expose that. Any news on him?

If you had enough power to stand a chance, whom would you try to kill:
- Almighty God, narcistic, selfrighteous dictator who avenges doubt in himself with hell
- Lucifer Morningstar, the first doubt, bringer of light and wisdom to the humans, fighter for free will and anarchy

So I wanna know:
Who is mightier and how?
Who would you WANT to kill? Why?

I guess God is mightier, because he is older and made the other one.
I would want to kill both, they are despots who abuse and use the humans in their own ways.
But I'd start with God, he surely doesn't expect it and I don't like his style f dictatorship and abandonment.


Let's get this show on the road, people!

My dad wanted me to write down 453MHz. He said this has his information. 453MHz. What does this even mean?

My name is Mark. I decided to write about what happened to me about two years ago. Though it sounds improbable it happened and still... yeah. I remember it.


I checked the friends list. I knew the first three hundred people, you know, family, friends, friends of my friends, some internet penpals or people whom I knew more or less personally but I didn't contact them too often. The rest was worse. The avatars... were strange. All of them were similar. Not the same but almost identical.

I couldn't help myself and checked one of the profiles. The wall was almost empty. Everything I saw there were some youtube links. Every video was named like "fc22", "grv4", "hstr1943", "un731" and so on. In the albums there was nothing but the profile photo. The person depicted seemed not to have any feelings. Their facial expression didn't tell me anything about who this person could be. Or even if the person exists or not. I opened one of the links. The name was "hst1943". The quality was very low, I could see static, the image was unclear. Then I saw some black and white scenes with a train, some very slim people and wire. The video was 1 minute long.
What could it be? Everything was so strange. A Facebook virus? But why so strange? These videos, what was it?! UFO? Ghosts? A stupid joke? All in all, I don't give a shit, if I was t catch a virus I did it when I opened previous video. So I opened another one. The same situation. The third, fourth and fifth one... wait. The fifth one was a bit different. Okay, the first 40 seconds were the same, probably I would switch it off if only in the 40th second the film suddenly ended, the first three seconds then were just static and then suddenly, 00:00:43 I heard a scream. It wasn't like all the screamers. It was a scream of a terrified woman. It lasted 5 seconds. Then 3 seconds of static. And then again, black and white, train, thin people and wire... It was strange.
This virdeo was the last one, there were no more. I closed youtube and suddenly I saw that the user changed their profile photo. Another picture. The same face but the expression was different. An evil smile. As if they were looking at me with this evil smile.
I answered the phone and heard a familiar voice.
Hey, what was the link you sent me? - He asked.
Me? I think I should ask you!
I felt cold. I couldn't move, it was hard for me to speak.
What... what do you mean?
What's up? Hello? Mark?
Mark, calm down, where are your balls, be a man, it's just a virus.
A virus? A VIRUS?! I told you the text is blinking. In rotation with a photo. Of a murdered woman! - I shouted.
Someone crazy created this virus. You know, there are many such fans of shocking content, naturalism and stuff.
Why... oh, wait, something changed...
Mark? Hello? What changed?
Video...
Video?
Suddenly a video appeared.
And what did you see?
My kitchen...
How come your kitchen?
Who?
No idea. Someone... strange. Half-transparent... shape. Thin... It is moping around... Oh geez, Adrian, there are more and more of them moping around... WHAT IS THIS?!
And what?!
And some photos.
Photos? What photos?
Black and white and of low quality...
I have them too, I can't see well what there is happening in them.
They're bad but...they send better ones.
Yeah... I can see a piece of furniture.
Is there anything more?
Yeah but... Mark...
What?
Are you sure you want to know what there is?
Tell me!
I can see you...
How come ME?!
A screamer?...
Here too. Adrian, what's going on here?
Some shit. I hope it's over.
Me too though I have never been in a similar situation.
Know what, call me when something happens again.
Okay, see you.
See you!
I checked my Facebook once again.Everything was normal. I closed Google Chrome and then I saw my desktop. Many files of names like "fresh_corpse.mp4", "decapitation.mp4", "suicide_party.mp4" etc. I can't find good words to describe wehat I saw in them. Why? Why I opened one of those videos?! I had something like hysterical seizure, I vomited, I wanted to close my eyes and believe that I haven't seen anything... After I saw this I wanted to smash this damn laptop up with an axe, I wanted to saw it,to rip out its guts as they did it with the woman in the video...

Would any one like to talk about orgone radonics and other energys not considerd mainstreem?


really?

What does /x/ think about simulated reality ie the world is or could be a construct of our minds and a highly developed computer program; running on an extremely advanced super computer.

I personally believe it's not as scary as you would think.




I am actually really scared that aliens might actually be real after watching this horrifying YouTube video...

Watch with the lights on!!!

So I see that 14 years hence, we're still tearing each others throats out over 9/11.

People are more concerned about jet fuel than the fact that US PATRIOT Act was hurriedly ushered in with little to no reviews within weeks of the disaster.

That's all there is to it. No evilarchy of warlords who wanted a war in the Middle East, no Jewish Cabal of investors trying to make money off insurance fraud.

Simply an excuse to control Americans.

One step towards totalitarianism on a global scale.

/x is way too quiet these days. I decided to start a thread about monsters from urban legends. Post a picture of your favorite beasties from local legends, creepy pastas, or cryptozoology. My favorite is the enigmatic Shadow People, particularly the Hat Man.

Anyone know of any good online psychics that are good?

LINDSAY LOHAN INTERNATIONAL TERRORIST

I finally reached the park gates. The place was empty - Although it was fairly dark now. I switched the torch on, the dim beam bringing a slight glow to the heavy blackness that surrounded me. I headed into the forest. A few rustles could be heard in the bushes and leaves underfoot. Birds, probably. Maybe a fox. Someone was bitten by a snake here a little while back. Could be a snake. I decided not to worry about it.
A sudden breeze blew my notebook from my lap, and rustled the leaves in the trees. I felt a little unsettled, and glanced around the clearing. A few metres away, a shadow-y figure was standing. I gulped, staring over at the figure. Suddenly, the figure turned. I panicked, and turned to look for an escape. The figure began to move closer. I sprang to my feet, and bolted over to the abandoned shed, hoping I could hide from the figure safely in there. I opened the door, and got on the floor.
Everybody walk the dinosaur.

recently i've been found some interesting youtube creepy channels. I think this is a new one. Any of you guys know more stuff like this?



Just have seen video with proof of water on mars. Do you think its real?

URGENT !!!! ( Please dealers this information, it will happen )

-New Attack Illuminati

Today , Tuesday 17 : According to my findings , a missile from Iran fall in New York , possibly in the March 20 , triggering a tsunami and earthquake, this will happen at 9, during the solar eclipse .

Please xd wants this Geek publiqueis this information , so that the world may know that everything is manipulated by the Illuminati , nothing is coincidence. Chao and kisses Xd

my roommate found this somewhere and we all love it so much we tacked it to the fridge. none of us have any idea what it means.
