User of the Month----------July Nominations--------------------------------AdminScribexemolyfexdarkchildmatt xxvladimiretodxxxlacey22xantixD1337-----------------------------------------------------------How does this work?The new user-generated program is made for those who want to recognize another member for their accomplishments, posting, helpfulness, and possibly activity.Where do we begin?To begin, make a simple post stating only "I nominate username"This post will be updated to reflect each nomination.  After about a week or so, I will create a poll with the choices all of you make.  About a few days or so after that, I will announce the winner and list it in here to be remembered for each month.Example: I nominate UserX
Reserved space---------------July Nominations (So Far):AdminScribexemolyfexdarkchildmatt xxvladimiretodxxxlacey22xantixD1337
I nominate scribe
I nominate xemoxlyfe
i nominate darkchildmatt
i nominate xxvladimiretodxx
Yay and I nominate admin too and he is the owner so no deleting scribe cause iwill nominate twice
Geeze is no body going to nominate me?
I nominate lacey. I dunno why, but she deserves it. At least she was able to stand my flames.
I nominate xemolyfex  since he's told me about two good songs. and is pretty cool to talk to.
Sorry I'd I used mine
i nominate antixD1337 bcause even though hes a pain in the ass hes still nice and he helps people on here when he can
Remember - this is for nominations only

Other discussion pertaining to this can be taken here:
i nominate  lacey
I nominate lacey. I dunno why, but she deserves it. At least she was able to stand my flames.i wasnt NOT able to stand them and i also nominate Lacey.....and myself..(can i do that)
No
aaww..... can you pwz nominate me....
I nominated two ppl and shouldve only been able to nominate one but I nominated admin
lol..... i wanna be nominated.....*tear*
get over it
Lol
get over itno....YOU get over it
lol...
Poll Added
Awwwwwwwww I'm not voted for I'm running away forever
well thats just rediculous..... ill vote for you next month...^.^
i nominate Darkchildmatt
Haha no one voted for me. xD It's alright. I didn't expect my name to be there...
I'll vote for you =^.^=
anyone who hasnt voted for anyone yet should vote for scribe cause hes awaesome
WTF admin has not been voted for u ppl should be banned he owns the website the least he should get is a vote
I was stuck between Vlad and Scribe.
Haha no one voted for me. xD It's alright. I didn't expect my name to be there...i voted for you but then withdrew my vote because ppl were being bitches about it but it apparently wasnt withdrew
xlacey22x takes the lead, just a day or so more and the vote is over!
xlacey22x wins July User of the Month.
Congrats to lacey
i nominate me for next month... ^.^ and YES!!! i can do that.. i sez so!!!!!
I shall nominate you hu-xcx_atreyu_xcx-hu, wait are we still continuing this?
i has no clue..... it hasnt happened so....i guess not.....
I shall nominate you hu-xcx_atreyu_xcx-hu, wait are we still continuing this? _
Start up nominations for September and I'll post them as we go.  I'll make a new poll after a week or so to confirm and count the votes.
I nominate Antix. lol
I didn't get nominated
PLEASE DONT PUT ME IN THE POLL.
nevermind don't nominate random girl, I nominate EmoandProud! see your not nominated anymore random girl.
Thnks
Good
Why don't you wish to be nominated?
Because, i honestly think this user of the month thing is kinda stupid...
lol u guys r so funny
I wouldn't mind being nominated. *sigh* but oh well.
i nominate you Tommy
sweet; you rock.
hell yeah!!
yeah lacey is winning
dood... where the hell have you been?
that was for july....
i nominate atreyu
lol.. matt i think this is done....
well darn,i need to stop coming on so late at night :/
dont wrry matt
yeah dnt wrry bout it....lol....where have you been anyway??
me?
no matt.
dood... where the hell have you been?anywhere from hospital to jail
Not enough traffic to do User of the Month lately :|
Sadly. T-T
i nominate myself ^^
I second that motion xD
o.o Should we bring this back? I feel like we need to involve everyone again.
Yeah I think we should, it will hopefully get some more involvement here on the forums. What do the rest of you think?
I nominate Admin , he's nice and helpful
Lol, we're not starting yet xD
Lol hehe XD well when we do I'm voting for that dude.. Mmmhmm.. He cool cool.
I think the way we're going to do it is we vote in the last week of the month. And I'll make a poll so people can vote for people who are already nominated can vote.

Who thinks people need to be nominated at least twice before being added to the poll? To avoid EVERYONE being added.
Me!
I think so too
Yay! I got an agreerer and we should have a specific nomination time.. Then eventually the one with the most votes win! And is possible to have notifications given to the nominated ones when they are nominated And when they win?
I agree with that too
i agree
So what about during the middle of the month, everyone puts their nominations in. After a couple of days of nominations, I'll close nominations, and put the poll up. Then at the end of the month everyone votes.

Also, I'll shoot anyone who is nominated a PM. Remember, you have to be nominated at least twice to be put in the poll.
When someone wins, I'll make a post here and send them a PM.

Sound good? Anything missing? Any more suggestions?
Awesome! What do they get if they win?
Awesome! What do they get if they win?Fantastic question lol. Suggestions? I'd like this to kind of be user powered, so anything you come up with let me know.I'm still working out some stuff for this anyway, so we have sometime before we actually have to do anything. So we can plan and stuff.
Hmm yeah awesome!!
Can you mail em something or is that too personal, yeah I think.lol.. Mmm..idk.. Yet.. Can someone help me lol?
Alright so the winner had to have a picture of him/ her and a good artist that someone knows can draw a picture of the winner! Then add cool stuff.. Or anything artistic can be made.. Of the winner.. And on that day everything revolves around the winner.. And we could right about him/ her, nice things.. Like. Leave little comments..
Yeah, idk xD That sounds pretty interesting. We could have a contest for the winner, who comes the closest to drawing him/her or something o.o

Anyone else have any suggestions? Lol?
aha "interesting"
It sounded interesting xD
LOL AHA
So what about during the middle of the month, everyone puts their nominations in. After a couple of days of nominations, I'll close nominations, and put the poll up. Then at the end of the month everyone votes. Also, I'll shoot anyone who is nominated a PM. Remember, you have to be nominated at least twice to be put in the poll.When someone wins, I'll make a post here and send them a PM. Sound good? Anything missing? Any more suggestions? I like the idea
Im pretty sure this isnt going to happen since mickey is not admin anymore or unless someone else takes control of this idea
Yeah, there hasnt been enough activoty on the forums recently for this to be any good in my opinion. I like the idea, but im thinkin first we gotta wait for a spike in members and active posters. Til then, im thinin we should postpone this. Any1 else?
lol xD
Im pretty sure this isnt going to happen since mickey is not admin anymore or unless someone else takes control of this idea  MUWAHAHAHAHAHA And I return. xD SO, I am now taking control.. Again! Time to revive.
Wooooooot! Glad you are back Mickey :3
Thank you! Glad to be back. :3
ALRIGHTY NOW.

Since I've been back I've noticed that there seems to be quite a bit more traffic on the Forums! Which is good.

So imma start this ALLLLLLL over again.

First, I think it would be a FANTASTIC time to bring this back, since new users are coming in and people are actually using the Forums. Part of that I think is because of the I.P Chat. But still, opinionsssssss, should we bring this back?

Second, for those of you that don't feel like going all the way back to the first time I was talking about this I'll explain it again 

So I want this to be USER POWERED, meaning any ideas or suggests you have I WANT TO HEAR.
Here's what I think -

I think we should have a week of nominations, second to last week of the month. And the last week of the month we'll all vote. Then I'll close voting and announce the winner 

A user has to be nominated at LEAST four times to be considered a nomination. This is to avoid everyone being nominated. Should we up or lower that number?

Once a user has been nominated four times, i will post they're name in the front of the thread and send them a PM letting them know they were nominated. 

You can't nominate yourself, and you can't nominate the same user twice. And by that I mean, if person A nominated person B, person A can't nominate person B again, but can nominated person C, D, ect. 
Should we put a cap on how many times you can nominate before they stop counting?

After the nominations are over, voting will begin. I'll post a poll with the nominations names and there will be a week of voting.
(you can only vote once so make it count!)

Once the voting closes I'll see who won, post there name in the front of the thread and send them a PM. Should there be a reward, if so what should it be?

Also, I'm prolly going to start a new User Of The Month thread once we get all of this sorted out so that we can start fresh! And I will probably lock the thread until nomination/voting time, to avoid unnecessary postings, keep things clean, ya know? 

Let me know what you guys think!
Sounds good! ^-^

Maybe there should be a thing that once someone is User of the Month, they can't win for another couple months or something so it'll be fair.
And you can reward them with cookies!! :DD
How about if they win, they have to get a higher number of nominations in order to qualify again?
Fair enough
Staff members are eligible for this? lol
How do you mean? Like are we eligible to nominate people, or are we eligible to be nominated?
I'm guessing he means eligible to be nominated.
Yeah we are lol.

All users are eligible

So in order to get this going I need reward ideas .-.

Anyone got any?
I nominate Admin
I nominate Adminthis is an old thread.....
i nominate snow
this is an old thread.....Im sorry   
after reading that spam .
Hm
I nominate admin
I don't care if this topic is old ^.^
I nominate myself.
I nominate ID!!
XD I'm sorry but was I the only one who thought 'User of the month' meant somethung else?
Chkyuom
I nominate Lacey
Scribe :3
why not...everyone knows it's just gonna be mods and admins
How would they be chosen, are there to be limits of how often one be selected, would there be restrictions to who could be 'user of the month', I have more questions to this, but I can't find them...
why not...everyone knows it's just gonna be mods and admins

Haha why did I never read this Post before, exactly Hi c!
Hip porn blog    
  fee porn movies severe tongue and cheek pain spy fuck hijab girls free hot sex vedio
So I've noticed that there's almost never anyone in TC, unless it's me and some people from the chat. Sometimes there will be a couple of random Forum goers, but most of the time it's dead.
So what do you guys say we start a weekly TC party? One day of the week have tons of people join TC and just hang out/party.

Vote and comment to let me know what you think about it. And also, what day of the week should it be?
Hell yeah I will join!! And any day is good for me
Mickey, you KNOW i'll join. I've never got anything else to do . xD
Yeah... That's true xD

RAWR!!!!
That sounds fun yeah Im up for it. Any day is fine fo rme as well
Also, since I know we have people from all over, I just realized that time of day could also be an issue.

So if there is a time of day you would prefer to have it, let me know.
Edited poll to add day of week
i wish there is a virtual pool, so we can have a pool partyyy.. but mhmm sound cool!
Alright so for a little while we're going to put this in motion and see how it goes.

Fridays, at 7 PM to 11 PM EST.
Hope to see you guys next week
Quite an epic idea mikey its perfect to have more action on tc!!
I'm back to accessing this from school.
No chat for me T_T
Yussss!
What's TC?
What's TC?TinyChat.
Ohhh.
I think since the TC was removed from this site, not a lot of people go there anymore.

So it might be a better time now than ever to do this. Since people can't see who's there unless they actually go and look.

So what do you guys think? Weekly TC party still a good idea?
Shawn and I have daily tc parties xD
I don't mind really, just means there are more people.
BUT I might not get on cam anymore if that's the case xDDD
Im on tc with Cece all the time. but Im not really sure if im for it or not. Because I was there earlier today and people were being assholes....and talking lots of shit. IF that happens all the time Im not wasting my damn time.
Cool.

Oh was that when I was on? I don't remember who was there/what happened.

I suppose I've built up a tolerance after being on the Chatango chat all this time xD

*shrugs* If no one wants to do it, I'm not putting effort into it.
yes that was when you were there....I got pissed off and left. But Im willing to do it though if we can get enough people being nice and not arrogant pricks.
Yeah I noticed, looked away for a sec, looked back and you were gone xD
What exactly happened? ._. I didn't do anything did I?
nope one of the douche bags in the room talkin shit....About me. And i was already kinda stressed and pissed off so i just left.
Oh. Yikes. Sorry about that D:

Yeah I know how that is. Well, let's hope that doesn't happen in the future lol.
its alright

Yeah lets hope not....because i normally would have spazzed the hell out and been a real ass but I kept my cool and just left. And had more important things on my mind at the time
Ah, well you did better than I would have xD
Omg(:
This Is SOo Good 
Epicness I'm In 
Epicness I'm In 
FUCK YEAH ILL JOIN! IMA CRAZY ASS PERSON WHEN IT COMES TO PARTIES! I LOVE BEING ON CAM AND MAKING EVERYONE LAUGH AND HAVE A GOOD TIME! 
sounds like a good idea to me lolz
lol
Sounds great.
hell yeah lets do it
Hello. And Bye. 
Hello im Heidi, i was born on April 11,2001. You all may think im crazy. But i believe that I lived another life from a different century. When I was 5 i saw my first actual ghost. He was 8 and he had died from some sickness in the early 1900s , I know you people might not believe me. But i didn't know the kid was a ghost. 3 years later i had a dream/vision of my boyfriend at the time got into a car accident and died while he was on the way to his trip to the beach which he goes on every year. The next day he died because of the car accident and until this day i blame myself for it. When I was 9 I met this guy i liked he and i dated for atleast 2 months until I killed him too I drowned him into a pool. I cried for 2 weeks. My parents had always gotten hard on me. They liked to treat me like shit. I wanted to end. One time i was at a campout with my summer camp and these demons they kept on getting into my head I woke up my exBF / Friend . I thought i was a monster. Years went by and my powers (thats what i call my curse for seeing the dead))had gotten stronger. Guys usually broke my heart kids at school beat me up nobody understood me i cut myself and when i was at summer camp one time i overdosed . My parents weren't home at the time somehow i managed to live. Last summer i was Raped by my EX boyfriend and weeks after i knew i was pregnant the baby died and i had to abort the child my parents never knew. I dated a few other guys who were possesive and they usually broke my heart .I overdosed 5 times in the past 3 months. I still cut and i want to end. What guy could understand my pain .What guy could love me for me. You have to Be at the ages 14-16 , a bit over 5 ft tall , White (im JUST friends with black guys)) , Not too Fat , Not too skinny just average ,Please Help me
What in the name of legit hell am I reading
You sound scary to me :/ yes I'm not the most sane person myself I get called insane but I never done none thing to harm anyone
					
					

What in the name of legit hell am I reading

I was thinking the same thing 0-0
You kids need to lay off them creepy pastas. They read a couple stories, then all of a sudden they make claims of seeing slender man and building worship shrines for mother fucking jeff the killer and recalling an episode of a non existent kids show that they swear they saw as well. XD
My new time 
 badami soup housing engineers kingdoms
New work
 wolvrine and the x men porn samantha york porn celeste porn videography illegal teen porn free xxx porn tube search
Well what type of girl or guy are you looking to spend the rest of your life with? I am looking for a girl that is,
Thin not bone thin but close 
Likes cars
Beleve's in God 
Fishes 
Hunts 
Dies her hair 
Tattoos 
Cool personality 
Has long hair 
Blue eyes 
Likes 4wd or off roading 
NO makeup 
Adventures 
Cheap date haha
Likes RCS
Would not mind an accent
Does not like that fact of having kids or want them
					
					

Someone who's pulse I don't immediately want to stop.
So I was thinking the other day, if there were a zombie apocalypse, would I really be prepared? I realise that I have a lot of Melee type weapons. How have you prepared for the zombies?
ummm I sleep all the time lolz xD I dont know how to prepeare for one, haha so Im most definatley not prepeared xD
At least you won't feel it when they turn you into a zombie xD
grab anything I can to kill them XP
i wud die...
NUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU I cant be a Zombie Im a Vampire ^vv^
im just wondering if all humans turned into zombies can vampires still drink their blood???
Uhh I'd say yes, but I doubt it would kill them or change them into Vampires.
NUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU I cant be a Zombie Im a Vampire ^vv^Maybe u can be turned into a vampire zombie xD
NUUUUUUUUUUUUUU I only want to be a Vampire xD
if zombies ever do attak me ill turn into a  Dark Angel and kill them with my axe and chainsaw. muahahaaa
NUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU I cant be a Zombie Im a Vampire ^vv^LIAR!!! YOU'RE A WITCH!!!!!!!!! Anyway, I'm reading a book called, "The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection From The Living Dead" by Max Brooks. It's from 2003! XD. It's really a great book. I'm taking every precaution. :')
i would just go grab my shotgun  and my knifves
hahaha someone caught on xD Im a vampire witch :3
No, but according to a FBI quiz I'd survive forever lol

The only thing close to a weapon i have is a screwdriver and my sharp tounge
I got a sword, a shotgun, a mosin nangant, a .22 rifle, and two .45 caliber pistols
I would go hibernate somewhere where they couldnt find me xD
Just no.
i have like 5 shotguns around my house...and bows and arrows...
i have weird hobbies XD
i would be the dude from zombie land lolz get me a ak-47 and a lets see sniper camp on top of a roof and snipe them XD
I would LOVE to be a zombie sniper!
OhGod

Matt. 

You dork ;D
i would hide in an underground cave somewhere in the middle of tenneseee. like worleys cave, and i would have a shot gun at the ready. what are the chances that Zombies are gonna go wondering out into the middle of no where in the middle of a cave. I'll be safe.
(btw. vampires are wayyyyy cooler.)
LAwl ;DDD
XDDDDD
lolz
i feel awesome.
lolz
well ima vampire so i cant die xD
Hmmm good logic chelza cause you already dead xD
but you could be resserected by some dumbass zombie... O-o yolouydaarosslttydmt...
you only live once unless you die and are resserected or some shit like that then you die multipe times c:
					
					

some guy ate another guy's arm in my neighborhood...the dude used to ride my freakin bus...everyone was walking around with shotguns sitting in their yard....THE DUDE WAS FUCKIN HIGH. CHILL XD
Zombies from biological weapons are highly possible, or zombie-like anyway.  If something from nature only recently discovered can turn ants into zombies, then who knows what else we haven't found yet.  We find new species of plants, animals, etc in forests all the time.

Zombie Ants:

They might not eat brains, but this is somewhat standard zombie-like behavior.  Keep in mind it's being controlled, by a fungus.  If it was more complex, you might have your standard Sci-Fi zombie.
step one run like hell
step two find other humans
step three use the humans for my own will
step five dispose of the humans
step six repeat
my plan to survive
					
					

RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
IM PREPARED! ZOMBIES BETTER BE SCARRED.
Misfitemo..... WHERE IS STEP 4 xD xD xD xD xD
Also, I'm pretty sure if we were all together, surviving a zombie apocalypse would be totally hilarious xD
I would die. I know I would
Misfitemo..... WHERE IS STEP 4 xD xD xD xD xDAlso, I'm pretty sure if we were all together, surviving a zombie apocalypse would be totally hilarious xDoh um step four is my secret and varies depending on the other humans I could reproduce bring them along with me the rest is to be disposed of and we will be partners right?
Replying To  How have you prepared for a zombie apocalypse? - EmoPuddle Forums abercrombie france  cumana    louboutin  costa  abercrombie soldes  payers  abercrombie france  mahamane  christian louboutin pas cher  romualdas  louboutin  coffins
I have this notebook filled with notes on what to do and what not to do.  I already know who we're going to have and what their job is. We already know what type of weapons we should get and what we should wear. So basically I would be really prepared lol  gotta love them zombies XP
live on a small island cuz zombies cant swim
Preparation is easy execution is impossible.
Ill get killed by zombies they'd eat me and I'd be good cuz I'm a magical unicorn names suzy c: teehee c:
of course not! it's a bluff!
I have pickle-flavored chips.
Nope. Just gunna wig it
how could they even tell if you weren't a zombie? and why wouldn't they attack themselves?
I don't know yet. After watching vintage films like night of the living dead, I find zombies are the least of your problems. If you happen to be black, don't fucking stand by the window the morning after zombie day! You'll be shot and killed by your rescuers for sure!
I have a lightsaber and a foam sword D: yeah I'm screwed , id die
well i have made it to state for cross country and track a few times...and i live right across the street from winco...i think i'll manage
Got my plan all fingered out, i just hope it all goes well.
Novel devise
 outcry colors korban madelyn situs
Novel devise
 simi porn actress free porn clips gays amateur porn pics wichita kansas porn star bittorrent dick girls porn
My new blog project 
   cannabis seeds for sale usa massive dildo teens fuck free porn  
  male transformation female slutty french maids petticoat punishment stories sexes girls download catsuit crotch meet crossdresser kotex tampon coupons xxx vedvio
No. I'm preparing for a more realist threat of the eventual economic collapse the United Sates and the chaos that will ensue world wide once that happens. But you weren't being serious. Were you?


Ok so here's the deal. I miss Ep. as far as i can tell this place is doing nothing but cob webs. So with that being said ive been here a long time multiple (multiple accounts do to terrible time remembering passwords.)but from here on i have a challenge for everyone who's reading this. Tell your friends to tell they're friends make this place go bump in the night once more. Also Any admins who see this....PLEASE MESSAGE ME
Do people still come here?
Rarely do we traverse the olden ruins of...EP v . v moment of silence for our nostalgic shenanigans.
There should be a grand reunion or something. Like set a date to encourage members to be online at some specific time. What do you guys think?
Yeah pretty much, all the originals is gone, I guess everybody who used to be here grew up and got a life now everyone who's here are newbies who don't know the sites dead yet I still get on just to see if anything is popping and Zach a lil bit but Dellllll haven't saw you in forever m8 you think those panthers gonna win this year? Haha
Panthers are looking good this year but Sam Bradfords gonna become the first QB to win a Superbowl from a wheelchair for the Eagles
Did you see the pre season game day before yesterday? Steelers ain't lookin too good luckily it's just the first game doesn't really mean anything lmao
I didn't catch it but I heard they lost their kicker for the season. Did you hear about Geno Smith? Some LB broke his jaw with a sucker punch and now he's out for 6-10 weeks.
Everybody got a life? Oh good i thought they just killed themselves like they kept claiming they would. It's a miracle they actually fucking did something.
Hey look It's evilactivity, I haven't saw you in forever either even though we never talked Lol I thought you disappeared as well you're an original and you're still here so at least they're not all gone. Yeah people like Mickey, soph, Shawn well he was banned but del lol even though he's here right now he's been gone forever and Reza they're all gone and I miss em but oh well.
And Del really? Lmao that's one hell of a punch
Yeah dude, it was over 600 dollars. The guy got cut and went to their rivals, the Bills. I think Rex Ryan put a hit out on him,
Oh shit a hit? That's a little much isn't it
Hello I just remembered this place.. It's been awhile so how are you guys
Alright, living life and you?
Same here just living
Hey look It's evilactivity, I haven't saw you in forever either even though we never talked Lol I thought you disappeared as well you're an original and you're still here so at least they're not all gone. Yeah people like Mickey, soph, Shawn well he was banned but del lol even though he's here right now he's been gone forever and Reza they're all gone and I miss em but oh well.


glad to know you miss me too fam
Now now Amz you know they're a shit load of originals Lol I can't remember them all in one place thought!
I still talk to the people who were here from 2010 to 2012. They have indeed moved on, as should everyone else still here.
Well then the site would be completely dead if that happened
where are the forum mods when the spammers invade
I know, right?
I wish mods would stick with this site.
The spammers are so annoying and might prevent some people from joining the site.
Will always be dead. Lol
If you would like to kik me my kik is Little_Kitty1
Sure, My kik is Sensitivepoet
My kick is HannahDaManiac373
I think
Nope
Hi! The name of your pet? t
I have a tortoise named Tootie XD
A kitten named Miho.
A ferret named Dexter.
I observed numerous wonderful product reviews for Ginger herb on TER, and searching at her images on the Town Female internet site, I believed I needed to find out her. She was showing up in Boston in 4 time, and so i got never ever used City Ladies before, therefore i needed to respond rapidly to receive proven while using service with time. Fortunately a very easy process if you are willing to provide employment info. All computerized by means of e-mail. Was confirmed the same day and set up up a scheduled visit with blonde Miami escorts, all without having actually talking to any individual--they have a highly intelligent approach. Lengthy tale limited, a couple of days afterwards I became coming to an excellent incall lodge with excellent expectation. Knock around the door, as well as the wonderful Ginger herb accepted me in dressed in a good dress and mid-thigh stockings. Gorgeous human body, lovely bust, as well as a fresh, rather confront. A quick adult work, hopped inside the shower room, as well as pleasurable began...
I have 2 dogs their names r Reese who's a dachshund and a palmeranian named pepper. I have 3 cats 2 tabbies named star and Lucy and 1 mainecoon named Lucy lol we call our tabbie Lucy (Little Lucy) and my mainecoon (Big Lucy) ^.^
My dogs name is brownie. There is very interesting story behind how he got his name lol and how we saved is life how many times.
First of all what the hell with the other language, and second my dog's name is Brutus.
My cat is named Lucky.
New programme
 androids phone best music player app android sex application download adult swim free games adult channels live tv 
 sexy free movies download porn apps for mobile baixaki apps android free music downloads for phone nexus 6 5 0 1
Daily porn blog updates 
 sexy naked women with alopecia jolene van vugt naked unncensored pictures pictures of differet types of cockroach professors college tgp bodystocking
My new folio 
 ideologies nj christians systems dawa
Adult blog with daily updates 
   male strap on dildo gay old man sex tubes stainless steel coil  
  adults sex toy big women video porn training bra gallery meet korean women casting spells that work crossdressing outdoors amazing transgender transformation vintage satin nightgown
Blog about sissy life 
   hypnotic mistress loading free games ladies with panties  
  free fuck gay video mature nude gay old guy sex tube shoe sale uk luxury wedding dresses free sex video old woman how breast increase in size sex male pictures
I need new texting buddys. Or just messaging on here too is cool. Um talk to me?
Hi, what is it you wanna talk about
Hello. And Bye. 
That and other related stuff.
Check my new engagement 
 share pics nude video chat fur android apps hindi play store android apps free download pc sexy game free download 
 mobogenie market para android sexy women wallpaper hd 3d wallpaper for android free download best android mobiles with price great free apps
So ive no idea if there is a topic about this or not but I just wanted to know if there was anyone else on here with a eating disorder?
mine being anorexia. no i do not mean as in hey i want to loose weight what are some tips. I mean as in a disease, to hate your body and self no matter how much you loose to always be starving or doing things that harm your body. If so pm me. You are not alone and we can help each other with or gw and to just keep going..
I didn't have an eating disorder per-say. But when i was married i wasn't eating very well. i gained a lot of weight during those two years. However after i got divorced i was no longer stressed or overwhelmed and i am gradually getting back in shape. So it was all environmental. it's not the same as someone purposely eating horribly cause of their mental state.
Jimmy, I've seen you back In the day and your weren't fat or anything just a bit on the pudgy side.
The fatness that i felt was too real. And remember my wife was even calling me a fat-ass on a regular.
Your ex-wife was a do nothing bitch who didn't clean the house or cook. Never mind, that's your story to tell, not mine. But don't exaggerate that you where obese.  
Hey i know tour feeling, i have anorexia too but i do want tot lose so much weight and now I was stopped for 3 weeks but I feel myself so fucking bad that I'm started again... And I want tot tell you that you can tell me everything you want to tell.I'm here for you okay!
Redesigned naked pictures   
 adult erotica best erotic books erotic tv channels pornography free videos phone erotica    
  erotic transference long island erotic free erotic fashion erotic erotic star
Sexy pctures   
 pornography free erotic fanfiction erotic hotels erotic hd erotic resort    
  erotic prose erotic hypnosis orgasm naked women sims 3 erotic images erotic
Indelicate pctures   
 adultmovies erotic sculpture most erotic scenes sapphire erotic erotic fan fiction    
  erotic comic strips free adult games erotic mags funny erotic erotic movies 2010
"ZOMG IT HAS A TRANS PERSON IN A STARRING ROLE!" Remind me to get some money together for a cartoon series that stars a Trans person and I can market it as "the first GOOD cartoon series with a trans person in a starring role!".
Horrible animation. And why is there pop culture references the youth of today isn't gonna understand and twitter culture at the same time? It doesn't even know what demographic it's trying to appeal to.
Watching that made me cringe. This can't be a real thing.
I watched it just to see how bad it was. It's very frustrating. It stars a red headed tranny who is clearly supposed to be Brianna Wu when he colored his hair red and went through his hysterical goth phase. A stereotypical big-lipped, wide-nosed hindu and a privileged rich asian drug addict who loves anime and Oxycontin. You would think that would be enough to make the Tumblr crowd wet their collective panties. However, they decided to really crank it up to 11 and made the only straight white guy on the show an angry violent psychopath who, in the brainwashed minds of SJW cult members, is the personification of all men.

With all this feminazi bullshit and the war against cis gender individuals and meat eaters on ever media outlet and forum i participate in this is very toxic. Fuck this piece of shit. Can anyone else not see it's  trying to brainwash the lgbt community with its subliminal content.
To me, they sure could have done a lot better being subtle and hidden. But i don't think it's gonna be as obvious to other people. Some people have a broken bull shit radar. To such people there is gonna be brain washing. I just hope the animation style will be enough to turn them away.
Which will u choose?
Iced coffee is awesome.
Iced coffee is groovy  mmm
Not, I like a Javachino, with a lot of sugar
Coffee isn't my drink.
why not?
Ice coffee cause everytime I try hot coffee it takes for ever for it to cool down an once it is drinkable it's cold...
Not i preferred monster or a frappachino
Iced all the way
ICE ICE ~
((somebody do it))
(((((do it)))))
I don't like coffee save for Tiramisu cake.
Fu guys
Not, i dont like coffee, used to, but not anymore.
Not a fan of iced coffee. Regular coffee all the way.
She then pulled out and slipped in the protect jumped on CG and proceeded to fuck me. All I had to accomplish was lay there. (That's all I could do). It was actually great, incredible amazing and so on. It damage a lot of to thrust thus i European Kansas City escorts permit her to do all the work. I was very close when she asked and stopped if I wanted to CIM? I smiled largely so she dragged away eliminated the cover and went to operate on me with her lovely mouth area. I skyrocketed and she required all this. She stayed on me for the short while ( which I really love! ) and after that visited the lavatory to spit. When she emerged back again we experienced a bit of time still left so she cuddled up close to we and me talked for a time. She was incredibly nice. courtesans discussed her routine and the way she appreciates specific towns a lot more than other folks. She also trained me in several European words. Overall an top-notch expertise. Ginger is definitely worth a pay a visit to but guide early. She actually is extremely popular and she only stays for a day or two in every town. I'm truly amazed at how great she actually is and how she journeyed way out of her strategy to be sure I had an amazing time!
My redone gay porn spot   
  gay cam chat usher gay free gay chats lady gaga gay gay virtual world
not, I don't drink coffee
New kick ass photo blog 
 teen girls wt panties ---huge strapon forum flip flops leg toning free porn jetix hardcore fucking with threesome
i dont really understand whats going on here
Neither do I.
i dont really understand whats going on here Hey look it's Becca, Hey Becca
When will the MLP hate stop
._. drawing a blank.
._. drawing a blank.

swag mixtape, swag
Im getting tired of sleeping next to u snoring.....
					
					

xD I have swag.
*Claps*
oh this has happened to me, the moderator changed the photo 
That awkward as glittery balls moment when you make it clear you shouldn't be alone, and your friend goes to sleep
Hello. And Bye. 
If you had to lose one of your five senses, which one would you give up?
I decided I would go with touch. Regrettably there's goes my ability to feel temperature or soft and fluffy things.
Lets see since they're multiple senses besides the basic ones id have to go With the sense of time perception
Lets go with smell.
smell...
I see smell is favorable. But why? Isn't your sense of smell linked to taste somehow? Like..say your eating really bomb enchiladas. But you wont know they're bomb enchiladas because you can't smell them. Kinda like how people plug they're nose before taking nasty medicine so they wont be able to taste it?


This is weird but...dude I LOVE Sega ^//^ That's my childhood in a console
Touch.
Ok my acct name is Ur.grunge.queen  yea go follow. Um.  Oh and message me because I'm lonely.
I cant find you
Chit my altered devise 
 leena busta bagh haj he's
So basically what you are saying is sega originally stood for "Segregated Arcade" and was started by a black man, Martin Luther King Jr. in the 1960s, however MLK was later assassinated during a brainstorming activity concerning a new blue hedgehog character by a Japanese Sniper on the balcony of a hotel, the Japs successfully framed a white man and took over Sega taking the profits for their own. Okay....
I'm new..well I had an account but haven't been around in forever. And alots happened and I just want new friends. And or comfort sometimes  haha.
I'm nice, I guess. I'll be your friend lol (:
Me tooo
*slides in* am I worthy?
"i'm here"
Why not.. go outside and meet new people?
Im sure you'll make friends fine.
I hear you .. *sighs* But hey ,we're here and we'll try to befriend each other =n.n=
I'm new. Ill be your friend
came out and was not surprised to understand her doing the splits on the bed, so hot. I took the initiative and took off my towel and had her give me a escorts in Tampa . quality was careful, but didn't last sustained bc i wanted in. we covered up and had her jaunt me in the chair that was in the room nearby a replication and she rode me rcg while i blew in the entrap, ball-like 1 done.
ME!! ME WANTS TO BE YOUR FRIEND! XD
Hello. I'm kinda late but I'll be your friend. c:
Blog about sissy life 
   big love tv domestic abuse definition transgender procedure female to male  
  feminization affirmations pvc pinafore sound sex toys traditional tattoo studio bdsm buttplug one cream hair removal designer clothing nz conservative feminism
Hello. And Bye. 
I need friends 2 :3
I like cupcakes and pancakes. But, if I had to  chose just one, I'd choose both. JK. I'd choose cupcakes.
id prob choose cupcakes...but it really depends wat type of cupcake n the lookof it...
same wiv pancakes
BRO

NOW I WANT CUPCAKES AND PANACAKES

I CAN'T BAKE AT 2:19AM D;
cupcake i don't like brakfast food that much
Cupcakes 
im not into breakfast but wen it comes to pancakes or eggs or bacon etc EATING NO BREAKFAST IS NOW CHANGED TO EATING BREAKFAST!
BRONOW I WANT CUPCAKES AND PANACAKESI CAN'T BAKE AT 2:19AM D;First, you got my gender wrong .
she tends to say bro a fair bit lol xD
First, you got my gender wrong .
Bro xD
Bro. I say bro to everything. I don't like to say brahBRAHH.No. Just no.And NOT FAIR D;HAHA
yeah brahh sounds weird
Cupcakes are the absolute best no matter the situation then just make me feel better on the inside and look like a dork on the outside. I'm a messy eater....
Exactly. 

NEVER MAKE ME SAY THAT SHIT AGAIN

lol
^ do it. say "Braaahhh" cmon, it's not that hard. just say it, say, "Braaaaaaaaahhhh".   XD
Cupcakes are the absolute best no matter the situation then just make me feel better on the inside and look like a dork on the outside. I'm a messy eater....HIGH FIVE FOR MESSYNESS! =D
i want to go to the pancake kitchen...havent been there in ages!!
its a place where all u can eat is pancakes!!!!!!!!
u can hav them wiv bacon n eggs n stuff or ICECREAM!!!!!!!!!!!!
nom nom nom nom
what if there was a pancake with icing and sprinkles on it?? O.o
YUMMIES xD
what if there was a pancake with icing and sprinkles on it?? O.o...
^yum xD
. . .
Cupcakes  Hands down.
Pancakes :3 yummy
i like both thou .
THEN MAKE A PAPCAKE
^ what's a "papcake"????
O.o... mayb a fuffy ball pancake lol
^ what's a "papcake"???? a cupcake with pancake bits in it
Cupcake!!!! Yumm
a cupcake with pancake bits in it \^o^/ 
ohh that sounds nummies c:
cupcakes all the way
i feel like pancakes now .
I.... Love.... Yo.... CUPCAKES! nom nom nom ;D
Lolz Joey. I'll make you some cupcakes :3
cupcakes OO
Both both! Mid wants to eat them all! *^*
Cupcakes
chocolate chip pancakes smoother in butter and lots of syrup that a great breakfast
fruit cakes...tis healthier than both
Pickle flavored chips 4 lyfe homeboy.
BOTH! I could dine on both!
Cupcakes!
Lol I agree with you ^ it just depends on who makes it.
Unripe naked pictures   
 erotic online novels best erotic books erotic sims yoga erotic erotic cd    
  bdsm erotic books online erotic art paintings erotic bollywood erotic boudoir photography
Recent release porn site   
 erotic films erotic romance stories erotic photography books erotic tv series erotic vampire novels    
  world sex free sex video erotic play lesbian erotic books free adult erotica
Sexy pctures   
 free adult games erotic hypnosis video adult dvd sexx mobile erotic videos    
  p or n sex erotic kamasutra erotic desire erotic cars female erotic literature
New nude pictures   
 erotic cars erotic music videos erotic writings erotic actresses erotic italian    
  victorian erotic pictures erotic pose erotic children erotica litature gay sex
* SCAM WARNING * www.a1stretch.co.uk
 
 
www.a1stretch.co.uk 
 
a1stretch.com 
 
www.limohirekent.com
GtczxvdgdfsdgbcdsHLBHFDasufksdfjln 
Ozxcjkl Maefegvtjy dfdfdfdsdgd 
FGxczDHXfgvdhjhjhjhsdadddfxgbnbm
I agree
Started up to date cobweb project 
 pron erotica books erotic perfume hot movies free adult videos
Hello. And Bye. 
What do you think of magic? Do you think it's real? Made up? Real in some way etc.?
Magic is a concept of the mind. Some can think its real and others can think its fake.magician depends on who you are. You can watch a magician turn a napkin into a real dove, but it doesn't mean magic is real. In my own opinion, I believe in some types of magic, but not all magic.
lol
Magic is not real. Stop watching shitty teen shows and movies and accept that reality is reality.
There is make believe magic [Harry Potter], religion magic [Wicca or Paganism as some prefer] and magic that can be proven with scientific evidence [How a star can implode into a black hole, or a sprout grow into a tree] so there are many forms of magic in my eyes. I neglected to give real magic a category, as it was far to broad to give an example for. To me, real magic is changing a massive negative opinion based off of hundreds upon hundreds of shared views, and making them all convert their way of thinking to a positive one with one word or sentence. Something powerful with no explanation to me is real magic.
Real magik is spelled with a 'K', it is real though you do have people that abuse science and label it magic.
Magik is from your heart and soul weather it's showing someone the beauty in the shadows that plague them, or casting a spell of good intent, it's all real.
The main part is to believe in your ability to make your goal happen and visualize the outcome you desire to have already happened.
Again on the your bed for some excellent DATY and a little finger measures. My mind BestGFE doing work as time passes in regards to the problem I found myself working with. I put on my back and she asked "things i like" with the knowledge that anything was up (or lower as being the scenario might be). She began concentrating on me even more and points started to warm up right up until she dragged some type of move I've in no way noticed before...instantly I'm going to bust a nut with damp rope. Didn't make any feeling nevertheless i couldn't end. Up coming factor I am aware I'm shooting everywhere therefore we have a half-hour left. Ugggh. I know a lot more was on the dinner table however i wasn't capable and was comletely embarrased. She was great about it. We cuddled, considered European Columbus escorts photographs and i also asked her to acquire up inside the CG placement so that I can see her beautiful tits jumping. She's effectively traveled. Great personality. And I'd enjoy to recurring. Sorry the remember in the occasion wasn't far more thrilling.
Pron blog situate   
 erotic hug erotic actresses urdu erotic stories erotic snow white erotic tales sbs    
  erotic child erotic backgrounds victorian erotic photographs victorian erotic books erotic jobs
Lewd pctures   
 erotic digital art naked women erotic paranormal romance erotic survivor erotic kisses    
  erotic gif erotic thesaurus erotic science fiction daily erotic picdump erotic tv shows
Hip free porn area   
 free adult downloads best erotic film indian erotic art erotic music videos meaning of erotic    
  define erotic erotic korean movies erotic fanfiction erotic thai massage p or n sex
Sexy pctures   
 erotic film festival erotic networks erotic bodies erotic france porn    
  erotic romance novels free adult film erotic photgraphy erotic tantra erotic hotel
Pron blog neighbourhood   
 sex xxx erotic costumes auto erotic youporn video xxx erotic drama online    
  erotic video games erotic photograpy erotic saree auto erotic asphixiation erotic romance novel
Fresh launched porn position   
 erotic message ancient erotic art most erotic scene seks erotic meaning    
  erotic desires erotic statue erotic wallpaper erotic kahani italian erotic
Recent sovereign porn site   
 sex movies erotic love letters marathi erotic stories sex dvd erotic book publishers    
  victorian erotic photos www.erotic.co.za erotic art paintings free pornography movies free sex porono
how can i delete this account?
Have to ask an admin can't do it by yourself
Hi supplementary website 
  advertising free free teen sex dating late night hookup gay korean dating wedding invitation kits
Hi new website 
  online dating for money dating sites for widows vegan daitng london no credit card sex dating sites best dating sites for professionals uk
Hi reborn work 
 don free porn video free wmv porn vidz old women porn sites hot cartoon porn passless porn
Ginger looks precise young, not as her listed discretion of 26-30. She has a GND typeface of ethical looking presumption, super yearn, curly threatening hair. She has been exercising her association so adult entertainment in Cincinnati can do all kinds of spit that courteous of thing. Super cushy body. She has genius D cup breasts which are her most valuable feature. At any rate, she doesn't take much service to offer. We had a hardly light kisses and that's all. She did expose me a BBBJ which is jolly short. She then mortgage revealed a condom and in me CG while I played and kissed her breasts. We then put up with on the soil and I pounded her from behind until I finished. She then tried to disclose me a massage but her skilfulness is not that good. So I stopped her and reasonable chatted with her. After taking a flood, I left with 15 min formerly larboard of my one hour appointment. Although the usage is not as great, I would even now value her attraction and praise inasmuch as a visit.
I am so pleased to say my date with a girl named Genie went very smooth. We went to see a movie and then got frozen yogurt and the date ended with a hand shake and a possibility for a second date, but my coworker Douglas said not to be so enthusiastic about another date with the same girl. Says i have to make her think there is possibility of competition it's supposed to motivate girls more as well as give me better options. I'm not sure what he is indicating or if women even appreciate that so i asked Deidre cause so far she's a reasonable level headed female. Sadly i caught her when she had been inebriated. So i got this. 
"You're cheese spread. And there's a lot of crackers to cover. So what do you do? It's only fair to spread very thinly on the crackers. Thinly. Not heavy. There's not that much cheese to spread thickly."
So then it's really okay to multi date? If i don't give more attention to one girl then the others?
"If you get my car keys and get me some more onion aged cheddar you can do whatever the hell you want."
I'll ask again when she's feeling better.
your like a great guy (:
I hope so. But i think im more clueless if anything. I got married once on a whim and it's finally  processing that i have about no real experience in dating.
It's a different world for you now. But whats up with your ex-wife? You seem nice. Maybe you where too nice that she just didn't respect you or just the whole married young thing going bad? How did you end up in Deidre's custody anyway? She's a pragmatic, man eating, career woman and you're a big gentle country simpleton.
Edith and Barb where the most phenomenal people. Jimmy will be the same with a little more time.
He is however wrong about women not liking him just cause he had a few awkward experiences. From my perspective, women adore him. At least the ones in my inner circle do. They don't mind that he has a 7th grade education and that he wears muddy work boots instead of clean sneakers. They wanna trade their scrawny, video game obsessed, pornography watching, boys for my Jimmy. And more so than not i gotta explain (mainly on Twitter) that he is mine and he is gonna go back to school and become a technician! So move along sisters keep your mitts off my investment.
					
					

You will lose your money at anaboliclabsuk1@gmail.com
 
 
anaboliclabsuk@gmail.com
Dance.
Dance. Ask mixtape "How about some feet?"
I'll hurt you - . - ^ ^ ^
I'll hurt you - . - ^ ^ ^ Love yaaaaaa
I'll hurt you - . - ^ ^ ^


yeah thanks
yeah thanks Lol she was referring to me, not you
yeah i realized that after i commented.
I wouldn't be here I would probably do something stupid that I would have gotten in deep trouble for of the world wasn't ending
i would like to feel real love again at the last day of the world.
Tell my cat I love him
New work
 best free android games on play store very sexy girl mobile games free downloading 9apps download now downloaqds app 
 sexy pictures sexy pictures app with free movies for android www 9apps download antivirus free pc download crack games for android free download
Blog about sissy life 
   how sex woman the clean cleanse stainless bars  
  xxx cartoons tube turkish woman sex estrogen hormone pills for breast growth create your own forum free best hotel in hungary bondage accessories chiffon tie neck blouse school powerpoint
I would do crazy, dangerus things and then spend last moments with someone special
Gay porn site   
  gaychat elena kagan gay gay meeting sites gay firemen gay marriage
I am very lonely...Suicidal,depressed.I need someone who can cheer me up.I promise,I am nice.
I would add but I cant find your profile name
Marija Petrovic
What is your name on it?
Original work
 gay porn halifax nova scotia free niche porn mofos porn movie clips and scenes phineas and ferb porn videos porn free wow
Hi new website 
  create free social networking website adult meet japanese dating app save our date cards irish adult dating
Study my altered project 
 sexy apps com free live sexy tai game android 2 3 6 android appstore free download photos 
 free download sexi wallpaper best images for mobile wallpaper mobpgenie android download gratis india web design company irctc mobile application for android
Hi fashionable website 
  dating sites for asian dating for women hookup com sign in customized save the date magnets crossdresser looking for men
After my new engagement 
 premium porn long tounges in porn free porn with a story line coed confidential porn hbo video free porn video
Original work
 erotic vampires erotic mp3 xxx.prono.com erotic book excerpts free adult games
SO i stumbled acrost this old thing and deided to play around for old times sake.
Yeah well you took too long, sites dead nobody gets on anymore Cept spammers and newbies sorry not sorry
So im to asume you are a spammer of newbie?
1 If I were a spammer I wouldn't be speaking properly I'd be spamming this thread with links to various sites 2 if I was a newbie I wouldn't be able to explain why the site is boring. I'm not an orgiinsl but I'm pretty old 5 years I've seen all the originals go.
It's been sad watching this place slowly die.
*Original
I just discovered this site back in November or December, and I was so excited to see a place where I could dwell but then noticed that not a lot activity was going on.
How'd this place die(/slowly dying) anyway?
yea im going to talk about a creepypasta character some ppl think hes real others dont so what do yall guys think he is real or not real yall tell me
I think he's real
Well I think he's real because he was seen before the creepypasta website was even made. There's also a similar being called the Dover demon that has the same appearance.
Fake.
A mix up of something that scared someone that was actually real.
they put the rake in a youtubers creepypasta story but it was nothing like him or it at all
seen before creepy pasta was made?? loads of urban legends were spread around before creepypasta and snoopes.com was a thing.
She then pulled apart and slipped about the protect jumped on CG and proceeded to fuck me. All I had to perform was lay down there. (That's all I could possibly do). It absolutely was great, remarkable extraordinary etc. It injured excessive to thrust therefore i  permit her to do everything. I was very close when she stopped and asked if I wanted to CIM? I smiled generally so she drawn away removed the went and cover to function on me along with her beautiful jaws. I exploded and she required everything. She stayed on me to get a short while ( that i just love! ) and after that went to the toilet to spit. When she came back we got a while left so she cuddled up close to me and we talked for some time. She was very wonderful. gift for valentines day described her routine and how she enjoys certain metropolitan areas over other individuals. She also trained me in several European words. General an top-notch encounter. Ginger herb is worth a check out but publication earlier. She is very well liked and she only stays for a day or two in every area. I'm definitely surprised about how good she is and exactly how she gone way out of her method to ensure I needed an incredible time!
i feel like im the only one on this site anymore 3
-Raises hand-
I'm on here. I get on just about every day.
*raises hand too* i keept coming everyday but none online,got tried n.n
I was studying abroad in Italy. Though Perhaps everyone else finally considered going to therapy and getting a real hobby and life as I have recommended they do ages ago.
I have no friends on here *cries*
Well the majority of the originals have all grown up and drifted away from this site since they've gotten older (Reza, becca Etc) the regulars have gotten banned and all in all its just a borin website now I don't consider myself to be an original but I'm a pretty old member and I can tell you this site was alive for many years but yes indeed as of now this site is completely dead sorry you had to join at a time like this Lol the sites been dead for a good year now.
Well...damn. *Shuffles feet awkwardly* Looks like I waited a bit too long to join a site like this, lol. Whatever, I'll still post around and whatnot.
I'm here. I come on this site a couple times a week.
Well this is interesting. Came on to check on things and it seems like the chats gone and we all know how much tinychat didn't really work out, haha.
We then moved to some more DFK and groping, until she slid down in the service of the BBBJ that got me squirming. Her mouth had complete suction and she was on her knees such that her tits hung on my portion appropriate for a unequalled view. She moans, smiled, looked up at me and got me to the ede. She knew when to select back. GFE asked if I could CIM and she said yes. She knew verbatim how to stretch alibi this endure and she did it to perfection. At sole meat, she popped her senior up and with a huge beam said "craving to fuck?" Hell yes! On went the condom and she rode me, cowgirl, forever. She squatted between CG and Asian CG in the refine localize to allow me to last out weighty reversed her pussy. Given her weight, it was excellent and I bat the retaliation of her pussy with every thrust. Too hot. We got present at the unequalled arsis and both started to love it. It is rare, but I could make known she was getting sponsor to her orgasm. As with DATY, she was getting close. Unfortunately, I could Miami escort reviews be tabled owing her a popped hard and sagacious in her pussy. She could feel it, smiled, and took it all in stride. I apologized in behalf of not waiting championing her, but she said she was down to the ground satisfied, not to worry. What a actual sweetheart.
My new gay porn site   
  legalize gay shirt gay talese gay man massage free online gay chat gay songs
Who else see this?
Sexy girls blog    
   erotic kamasutra hotsex erotic song erotic korean
Any 18 up people wanna kik with me.
anaboliclabsuk1@gmail.com STEALS BITCOINS
 
 
anaboliclabsuk@gmail.com
New launched porn milieu   
 man erotic free adult downloads auto erotic asphyxiation sbs erotic tales erotic movies list    
  erotic french erotic mask erotic jobs free adult videos free pornography
So I have depression and other issues but I don't know if that qualifies me as emo. I'm curious as to how you associate with that. And if someone could explain to me whether it is more a mental state or being or simply a look or style. Or a lifestyle? Thanks
thats a pretty common question but u can ask 100 ppl and get 100 different answers in my opinion it can be either or...or both its so many things its a clothing style an emotion a music genre like i said it could be either or
thats a pretty common question but u can ask 100 ppl and get 100 different answers in my opinion it can be either or...or both its so many things its a clothing style an emotion a music genre like i said it could be either or
lolno.
After all that , Emo is a special way of thinking . almost of time it was natural ..
like if u hav a despression , u r only .... or something like that
Just because ur depressed doesn't make you emo you can be depressed and be goth or punk. emo is a type of music an emo person is someone who listens to loves and appreciates the music
Emo was originally about putting true emotion into music and gradually evolved into clothes styles har things and an offshoot of Goth, commonly associated with cutting though not all those who cut are emo, nor are all emo's cutting.
It's all how you think and how open your mind isto this world and it's cruel reality
But mainly, it's for the music
Okay we can kinda put this whole depression aspect into two groups so you don't get fucking confused.
First we have Nihilisticly depressed people like my personal favorite members, best friends Sandra and Loralie. 
They like dark and macabre themes and multicultures. When they are sad its not for themselves, they are sad due to the rest of the world and the suffering that OTHER people are privy to. They don't think about themeselves as being self absorbed. they understand when to properly feel depressed. They find death to be mysterious and fasinating in a philosophical way and NOT a suicidal psycho way. They have an actual fucking personality and hobbies. They don't get depressed too often because they are active and it stimulates the happy chemicals of thier brain. They pretty much just suffer from exhaustion or agravation but they don't go passing it off as depressed. They love literature and vintage themes. Sandra the lesbian pagan has degrees in chemistry and Loralie despite being Rockabilly, has a Jamaican surfer fiance and she excels in sports. Loralie takes public transportation, wears walmart jeans and has divorced parents and she is the happiest fucking person ever. Sandra is a self admited recovering alcoholic and she doesn't blame anyone for it. She takes responsibility like the adult that she is instead of having a victim complex. She can walk out of a bad relationship unphased because she doesn't expect the world to be perfect for her. Those are my nihilistic friends even though my nature is pragmatic.
Then you got the emo depressed people of the community. This would be the division 98 percent of people fall under.
They always intruduce themselves as emos. They always drop hints that they are emo. They only want to date other emo people. They don't even have to do shit to make friends or followers all they have to do is say they are emo and boom... They get alot of followers. They take pictures with thier greasy hair all over thier face like it's suppose to be poetic or something. They are lazy and they never really put effort in an identity. They think being a fan of a band or artists is equal to an identity. They blame everyone for thier short comings. They don't fix themselves they will just whine to elicit compliments and sympathy because it takes no effort on thier part. They are emotional munipulators that keep making threats to die or harm themselves because they are fucking assholes and they want to guilt trap people in relationships. Everything is about them them them and you never know anything else about them as people because the only fucking standard that matters is if they say they are emo and nothing else. These are emo people i don't fucking know anything about and aren't unique in the least and will sooner than not take offense to the truth and call it stereotypes instead of being mad that they perpetuate these stereotypes in the first place they will declare music saves lives and they wont get a job until theres an opening at hot topic.
					
					

Damn, Evil, you nailed it pretty good.
Sandra and Loralie where just the only few people worth being friends with because thier nihilism did not cover every damn aspect of thier lives and they aint try-hard egdetards either.
Who will win?
Brownies, marshmallows are beyond disgusting
That's a matter of opinion lol
I could say brownies make me want to throw up xP
Marshmallows.
MARSHMALLOWS!!!! :3
Brownies!
Brownies.
Team Brownies.

Maybe try some of the games on emogames.net?
Also, emogame.com is fun.
?
Okay, so according to a bunch of studies, most people dream in black and white and if you dream in color you supposedly have a sixth sense. I'd like to know if it was true
I dream in color?
As do I. I'm pretty sure whatever source you had is incorrect. I wouldn't know though.
Subdued color but I don't think I have a sixth sense. I'm just very intuitive.
I dream in color, and no one I've talked to about dreams has said they dream in black and white, but I haven't actually asked them. I feel they would have said so though. Most of the colors in my dreams are dark. Lots of black, dark red, brown, and blue.
Well I don't know if it's true ._. I've just read about it on multiple occasions. And a lot of my family members dream im black and white so I was just trying to see if it was true or not ._.
funny, this got mentioned to me yesterday. i've never heard of anyone dreaming in b&w personally so i'd say its not a big deal to dream in color.
i dream in black and white
I dream in color. On frequent occasion I will dream of a solution to something that is bothering me or relevant to my situation. Say I lost the plane ticket to a trip I have to take in the afternoon. I will go to bed worried, dream about where it is, wake up, look there, and find it. Dreams are helpful little buggers.
Blue
In color.
human beings have a lot more than 4 senses, we are only educated about touch, taste, smell, hearing, and sight because the others are harder to explain or we dont know that much about them
Depends on my mood
I dream in color .
In color and yes I have a sixth sense.
Hi my name is Victoria and I make youtube videos I do this to entertain yous and I would really like it if you check out my channel like sub and share if you want I just posted a new vid last night I will also take requests for vids and do challenges heres the link to my channel:
Damn, it would be cool to see who viewed your stuff, if you have repeat visitors, do they count as a s closet fan base? lmao
How do you know when you're fighting for nothing?
Or maybe I should be asking, is it not worth fighting both sides in a relationship you both need to carry on?
Google won't tell me any good games, but kept showing me 'emo games' for online (kinda insulting: dressup/hair stuff shit), but I'm hoping one one to play in the real world


Mine would be Helena by My chemical romance O:
Diamond Eyes by The Black Angels
Teenage dirtbag- Wheatus
Seize the Day or A Little Piece of Heaven by a7x.

This is not the end - Fieldwork.
Reflection - Yasuharu takanashi and Waking up - Explosions in the sky. Maybe a song for my mom: Thank you, mom - Good Charlotte.
Helena
Nanana
Birthday
Fallen angels
Break
Mama
This is gospel 
Crucified
Coffin
Lasts resort
Throat full of glass

a couple of these are really good...i would choose theirs
Your hand in mine, Leave out all the rest, Blame it on the Weatherman, Carolyn, and or Shadow of the Day
Adam's Song by Blink-182
Does anyone have an Xbox One?
Mine is the grudge
Grudge, pyramid head from silent hill, boogie man,chucky,the collecter, other...
jigsaw , 'wanna play a game?' mwuhahahahahaha lol
Chucky and Ghost Face
Chucky
the fat retard from the human centipede 2
Michael Myers  he my home boi..
the scream killer
Chucky.
He's so cute :')
Definitely Chucky!  or the emo-ish kinda looking guy in Psychotica! HE'S BATSHIT
I hate clowns
Enough said.
Enough said.
you just like it because of the titties don't you
Obama is my worst horror character
Jack Skellington (lol), The grudge, Jason (top favorite)
jigsaw
The monster under my bed
All of them
Hannibal Lecter
Jemma
Frankenstein, piramid head guy from Silent Hill, ghost woman from The Grudge and that monster with the eyeballs in his palms from Pan's Labyrinth.
:retro movie you haven't seen spoiler alert:

the killer from camp sleep away Who shall remain unnamed because you haven't seen the movie. The killer has no super natural powers yet took out more campers than Mrs Vorhees. (Jason didn't do Shit in his first movie. He's a mamas boy, get over it...)
Kayako Saeki ,-,
Marie
Pinhead from hellrazer
Jeff The Killer

Science is very anti-Christian. Every damn scientists is just the Hitler of the world. -tsk tsk- what has scientific study ever do for us, huh?! All they did was cure illness, discover things in different planets. Taught us quantum physics, and let's not forget Velocity and of course without some form of science how would we have the inventions we have today? 
Science does have some holes in it because not everything is explained but I definitely choose to follow science than anything else.
Science is very anti-Christian. Every damn scientists is just the Hitler of the world. -tsk tsk- what has scientific study ever do for us, huh?! All they did was cure illness, discover things in different planets. Taught us quantum physics, and let's not forget Velocity and of course without some form of science how would we have the inventions we have today?
Science does have some holes in it because not everything is explained but I definitely choose to follow science than anything else.
Kay thanks.
I'm bored and well, yeah. Mine is AprilBooBear
Should i create a space on everyone's profiles for snapchat usernames?
Yeah
what anime do yall goes watch
I think there is already a topic about this. But anyways, Shakugan no shana.
There are too many topics about this - . -
Black butler
Blue Exorcist! 
Hey all, i used to be on this page between 2009-2011. my old username was Oiroke and i was wondering how i can find a couple of my old threads. Trying to find a girl i used to talk with a lot here hoping she me still be here (doubtful but hey). i dont remember her username but i thought it'd be worth a shot. thanks
Were you on the chatango chat or just the forums?
i dont know o.0
Well everything has just been so stupidly disturbing that I must go on a hiatus again. Why? Why are people allowed to be so fucking stupid and depraved of common sense?
Lol!
Good god. Fuck. That. Its mental," hey, you're not conforming, get married ya slut or we'll shove a stich up there every time you run out of birth control, oh and don't lie unless you wanna lose the insurance you need, cos you're not worth enough for us to keep you alive."

Seriously, What the bastarding fuck is wrong with the US system? In Britain, you walk into an chemist, saying needthepill, you get 30,and pay a tiny amount, or you go to the docs, and have a cvup o tea with her, and then hand you a writ for the damn things, you then go to their chemist, and giver thee writ rather than cash. 

Damn, that is some fucked up shite.
It's been a few months, but I had no notifications. I'm not really noticed on here.....
Don't feel bad about it, the site isn't really lively
Just curious to see how many musicians are on here.
I play guitar, keyboard, and drums. and I'm learning violin c:
I dont play instruments anymore, but I do own a Bassoon and have been playing the Trombone for about 4 years
All i can play is the triangle :') LOL
Piano and guitar. I recently acquired a violin but i don't think thats really me. Plus the bow needs new hairs


guitar thats it i just bought a les paul to so im super exited
I play Electric violin and Piano
Violin and Piano. I don't count CDJ's or Turntables as instruments.
Just play guitar right now, though I'd love to study piano/violin someday.
my Krammer wireless guitar for guitar hero
I'm learning at the moment to play the guitar, and it's really awesome.
So imagine this amazing car....

Is suddenly a junkie. ANd you could throw anything that you wanted to.

What would you throw at it?
i would throw another car cuz it would be so cool if i could throw a car!
i would throw a cat at it
LOLi'd throw....TOMATOES!!!
simple. The Human Race -__-
See I Would Take My PaintBall Gun And Make The Car Look like a rainbow!!!
See I Would Take My PaintBall Gun And Make The Car Look like a rainbow!!!LOL get water balloons and fill them with paint!!
So imagine this amazing car....Is suddenly a junkie. ANd you could throw anything that you wanted to.What would you throw at it?I would throw myself
Oh. I'd throw burnt cookies~

1. Nobody likes burnt cookies ;o
2. Burnt cookies are like hockey pucks.
3. Instead of wasting hockey pucks, I'm recycling my crappy cookies ^^ I'm so eco-friendly
i would throw... baby diapers. :B
simple. The Human Race -__-^ thats some deep stuff xDid throw...  milk :3
HOW'S DARES U!

id throw Jayy 

(this is war duncan)
NU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! D':

id throw jeffree star _
NOOOOOO! D: why u hate meh so? 
Jeffree Dies! I Dies! D:

-thows myself at the car-
i would throw myself
.
I would throw myself OWWWWWIEIEEEE!!!!
i'd throw my shoe..AT DUNCAN! D: 
cause he threw jeffree star!
i'd throw my stalking hat at leah cuz shes stalkable
I'm going to run away because sooner or later someone is going to throw something at ME!
lol! i'd throw a pie at the windshield and wait for something to happen
I would throw a stall pie
hmmmm... i think i would chuck some sledgehammers at it. They could really do some damage. haha.
i would get a potato launchers and shoot potatoes at the car
I would throw a marshmallow at it beacuse I feel bad if I hurt the car, so a marshmallow would be nice and soft :3
Id throw andy six at the car hoping he would die.
There was this one time I had a handful of pennies and I really REALLY wanted to throw it at a car.
I would throw a BIG rock at it
i would throw a pillow.
I would throw a bowling ball
If I could somehow pick up the entire country of New Zealand and throw it at the car, I would.
whys you throw biersack??????
i would throw my sister wired with nuclear bombs ...well, after i hauled ass and saved andy :3
too bad his stupid ass died on impact lolol
lmao xD
i would throw shawn at the car just for fun and for throwing andy six at the car (shawn u murderer!!)
i would throw eko for throwing shawn for doing the world a favour :l
Bowling Ball still sounds alot better but I'm gonna add all the purses in the world.
duncan how could you!  fine be that way throws shawn and duncan at the car
Id throw the last person that hurt me. Well push...
i would throw a lot lot of high heels ... lol xD
I would get a giant ass rock and then yell FUS RO DAH!!! and smash the car to pieces
					
					

There was this one time I had a handful of pennies and I really REALLY wanted to throw it at a car. LoL, real lifetime experience? I'll take you to a junkyard, and we'll do it then :3
id throw a flaming bag of paint
I'd throw Andy Biersack.
shuriken cause im a ninga
a spirit bomb cause it would be funny
a blue turtle shell cause it would be equally funny
and every opiliones in the world cause i hate their very existence
I'd throw Andy Biersack.NO NOT ANDY NUUUUUUUU
I've decided that I would want to throw the entire cast of High School Musical at a car.
An oncoming car.
If my mom was in it. Id throw a brick
I've decided that I would want to throw the entire cast of High School Musical at a car.An oncoming car. That poor car...
That poor car...America is awesome.We care more for the condition of a car than an entire cast of overpaid Disney channels actors.  Can't you just feel the love?
					
					

Lmao, well maybe not the entire cast. Just Zac Effron.


I would throw a big ole fat can of Whoop-Ass!
Well if it stopped then I'd throw myself on there and go to town on those bitches and their car all rage like =D .
a shoe, eggs, flour, water balloons full of paint, a shot put ball thing, shoot an arrow wiv a bow lol, a chair, chicken lol
id throw soggy corn flakes and fish at that car!!!
id throw soggy corn flakes and fish at that car!!!cors u wud .
i was walkin down the road this one time with a few friends and it was super snowy out and there was this chicks car that we didnt like parked on the side of the road so we threw a snowball at it and she came out of her house and started screaming shit at us. fucking hilarious
justin beiberOH WAAIT UPPPPP IT...it says WHAT not WHOi'd throw my heart...


Eh, throw him too XDD

I'd probably throw panacake mix
I would throw car paint on it.
I would throw glitter xD
I would throw a giant flaming teddy bear. X3
i would throw my parents..lol...
i would throw a slurpee
My phone --' xD lol
Get a monkey, and watch the mokey throw poop at it. Perhaps charge admission. It's a flipping monkey!
If throw my brother he may be 14  but he's got a thick enough skull to crack the car lol
My cousin. It might hurt the car more than it hurts him, tho.  Im sorry, car
I would throw the burning corpses of zombie-vampires
a shoe wiv paint in it XD
I'd throw anything that can break:

1. bricks
2. rocks
Dead sharpies
PINEAPPLES
I AGREE I HATE PINEAPPLES
After throwing Biersack, Obama is next.
that smile. -cringe-
My pillow
id throw a MOLOTOV coctail at it. Easy to make and lots of damage.
a feather lols
Mud
Fireworks :3
Molotov Cocktail.
I like watching things burn.
squishy tomotoes and or waterballoons filled with dark red coloring
I would spawn a bacon hawk to wreak chaos. (Desandnate 
I'd look at the car for a bit, then look down to find a rock, when I find one i'd pick it up, look at the car again. I'd throw the rock at the car, as it hits an bounces off, i'd say "ehh" then i'd walk away with hands in my pockets. .
i would throw a trash can
A gallon of whitewash.
I would throw Justin bieber incased in a giant banana  banana powerrrrrrrr !
I would throw Justin Bleeper with his feet encased in cement shoes.
A brick
I would throw justine beiver
definitely myself. as in, ninja jump inside the car while it's passing. because I'm just that cool.
I'd throw the llamas at a friggin car
Money. I throw it at my car all the time lol. Usually at the gas tank area...
everything
buy viagra
I cant sleep so I wanted to ask what does everyone dream about...I have had some weird and some time intertaning dreams but what does other people dream about?
a lot of weird shit that half the time doesnt make sense O....O
i dream about being in my dream whil dreaming another dream, dreaming of a dream without a dream in side of a dream..while dreaming. yes.
I dream about things like falling from high stairs and hitting the ground, in the early stages of death and wearing this boy's fleece in my music and art class.
Weird...
reality mixed with fantasy..all muddled up -__-
usually about random things that could possibly happen lol
I had a couple of dreams that came true
Usually messed up interdimensional realities where everything is sorta the same but different. :/
Usually about things that I want to happen.
random stuff of course that i try to make a reality because i heard we should follow our dreams
a lot of weird shit that half the time doesnt make sense O....O

^ exactly that...
					
					

weird shezz
First my dreams usually start off weird and fucked up (but not all the time)
then at some point in the dream ill usually realize something and take control (again not all the time)
if I had taken control I would shape my dreams into what ever I please
if not then I just go with the flow and will usually end up getting maimed in some way or form or some other shits  (once again not all the time)
every now and then ill have a dream where I'm sitting in this fancy looking chair in a small white room with nothing in it but a black lamp and I'm asked to think about the my day and what I've done ( my brain and its craziness)
Most of my dreams are like fantacy  dreams lolz never any of them that are going to happen. lolz
I dream about pickle-flavored chips when I sleep.
my emotions r expressed in my dreams sadly
but plp dream about me I am a slut -.-
usually some kind of fucked up nightmare like being a carrot or having my mouth sewn shut
I dream about a lot of crazy shit. Things that should be in horror movies, super powers, school, I even dream about people I don't know but end up seeing them a week or so later. Hell I dream of scenarios and how I would like things to play out.
Nothing in the sense that as soon as I wake up I forget whatever I was dreaming of.
I dream about a place to get away from the people who are mean and death
believe me or not but I've never ever dreamt before. well at least I don't think I have... or remember it, (although I should)
I really don't understand what a dream is (I just can't imagine it). I psychologically just can not make it happen. I can day dream though 
maybe one day I'll have a dream
whatever my subconscious chooses. Generally realistic based.
_ usually me killing people or like the future
i iether dream of complete random shit,or somthing that i wish would happen or i dream of somthing and it happenes later on in life its annoying cuz my dreams are realistic i have to think for a while did i dream that or did it actrually happen
Places I've been, things I've done, stuff that's happened, scenes I remember, things in my imagination, all recombined into totally confused impossible scenes and
scenarios/themes with ridiculous absurd storylines. Sometimes I remember them. Sometimes I've written about them.
I dream like 0.1 second of deja vu then random stuff
i dream about the love stories i wish would happen for me but i know never will
My cat swimming in the bathtub... (wtf?)
Matthew and the car accident I got in when last year
I dream of scenarios from forensic files, investigation dramas and all those cold case and CSI television shows that watch and take notes on. I wanna cut and exhume things too...
I have dreams every now and then last night I dreamt about my kitty ^.^ Not my actual cat, I mean my friend, Austyn  lol
I rarely have dreams, or rather I do, but I dont remember.
					
					

Lately I've been getting these strange nightmares. I'll need to write them down cause there's so many crazy things that happen in them. One night I woke up and had a horrible time going back to bed, cause it felt so real. Had a dream about Zombies once, and they were trying to bite me. I do remember that one.
I used to dream of a guy until one day on the first day of school I saw the guy in my dreams. Now I only dream about post apocalyptic places and sometimes I'm there all powerful and menacing it's extremely creepy.
The guy from my school is back in my dreams again. Last night he was in my dreams and he was drowning me in dark water but he looked so sad I tried to reach up and touch him, to beg him to stop but he kept pushing me down so I stopped struggling and then I woke up.
The guy from my school is back in my dreams again. Last night he was in my dreams and he was drowning me in dark water but he looked so sad I tried to reach up and touch him, to beg him to stop but he kept pushing me down so I stopped struggling and then I woke up.
I dream of random shit that doesn't make sense.
I dream of either of people I know or people that I don't know but either way they are usually really vivid
					
					

Kidnapping Collette and making her my princess of the goats
Well now you have to ask yourself: Is love the culprit or those kind of people? I know that trust has fallen these days and frankly even I don't trust people because the person you trust the most will stab you in the back,so to say it,when you least expect it.(I had lot of experience with that :\ ) Back to the topic,by my opinion love doesn't suck but wrong people make it suck.
Also have in mind that no one is perfect and they are allowed to make mistakes and try to correct them if they want and realize but,when someone repeats that mistake (and repeating a mistake makes it a decision) or makes something worse,then you know that the person doesn't deserve any feelings
it sucks when tht does happen though
It is a learning experience each time.
What you are describing, my dear, is not love, but lust.
LOL. Get over it. Stop seeking for attention from guys and let it flow through. Maybe you should reevaluate yourself because I know there's this problem called,"She's cute but she opened her mouth." Make sure you don't fall under this category. If you don't then maybe reevaluate the boys you go after. Cause you know, real men don't play games. :]
I went through 2 boyfriends and 4 girlfriend's its not love that sucks it's lack of compatibility and changes over time.
Heeeelllo c:
Hmm...
light something on fire
Juggle some muffins.
x.o hmm
He
Take a shit.
Take a shit.


LOL :')
Get a life.
Eh, I understand your situation because the same thing happened to me.
I'm sorry to hear that. Inbox me if u need some one to chat to x
You'll get by, sure there's the grieving process to go through but but you get by.
everything needs time...
Distractions. Lots and lots of distractions.
anyone wanna talk i'm bored and need friends
Sure hello how are you
Elektra. Shes a boss ass bitch.
					
					

Me. I am a superhero.
A toss up between Spider-Man, because he's so fucking sarcastic, and batman, because he's a total fucking badass XD
Batman
Deadpool, he has a funny personality.
batman, hes not afraid to have to do the dirty work if he has to and hes not born with any crazy powers
that's a tough one
Just a forum to get to know people, im new so tring to widen out and meet others who are tring to do the same
Hi new person
Yay for newbies.
welcome!
Utter to to the vista within easy reach zbiorniki na deszczowke method and cross-examine the water. Are there any puddles that number confident szambo betonowe form perceive constantly clammy, agree upon szambabetonowe48.pl  after some time? That's a elephantine summon that your septic modus operandi is leaking out cold water. If the discharge is along the ports, a septic tank skilled can unmistakeably desex it; in notwithstanding of that, if the invoice has occurred on the tank itself, then it potency be again to lay bare on upgrading to a raw tank, as these repairs are costly and untimely
yooooooo
Your mom
King kong
A goat
Goat in a Tote bag
Jemma
Depends on the terrain. A shark would win in water, a Tiger would win on land.
your moms a smart ass


Oh how adorable you continue to act like a smart ass. I can tell your lonely ass is desperate for attention if thats the case go out and meet some people but im pretty sure it wont do any good no one will ever take you serious with that stupid childish behavior of yours.
me
your mom
srsly. No one in the chat, non-active users...What happened?
i dunno i go start crying if i see this or something
That's bad news for me since I just joined haha. Guess I'm a little late
eeeey frank. This place has been dying for a long while. The old members hardly get on anymore, and theres not a lot of new members that stick around.
bound to happen sooner or later
Yea I came back today actually. All the old people are around but not like when I joined. Other than me and like 1 or 2 others this place is quite.
I'm in chat sometimes but there's never anyone decent on anymore
GG no re maybe we'll have to RSVP in advance to the chat or tinychat for a webcam party every so often idk?
I just joined, and I have to say, this place does seem a little..barren...
Yea...it's dying
Every one just have things to do or just don't get on here anymore.
More or less.
I've been a member for a while. Just came back today. It's so silent..
I think we should try to bring new life into it. ^-^ Spread le word. I found this site while trying to find a picture for my stylist. No one ever talks about this site. The new generation doesn't know about it. we gotta show them. I see things all the time where someone asks about specific sites just for our culture, but no one knows answers. that and maybe educating some of the band wagon could help. I'm in chat when ever. ^-^ (Super new here.)
To revive the place you need to spread the word about this website and more and more people might join.
people don't know how to keep a conversation going
What is this I don't even...
I do love a bit of Phan
Totes!


omg haha xD
Phan is awesome,
Ok
*pokes head in* did someone say PHAN?
So.....Whatsup? How are you?
Pretty good.
Hi
Hi
Hi
tired, a little frustrated, hopeless but hoping.
tired, a little frustrated, hopeless but hoping.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, if you need someone to talk to, feel free to message me, I know what it's like to be in that place :\
I would want either a scorpion (I'm a scorpio), a dragon (More fun to fly on than a plane ), or a snake (They're all like: hissssssssss.....) Or maybe a penguin... Wobble, wobble. What weird and exotic animals would you guys want as a pet?
i want a blue makaww bird thingo...like the bird in Rio (movie)
I want a snake!!!
A WOLF!!!!!! or a lion, or a tiger wait do they count? lolz I want a white tiger and lion and wolf :3
I want a jaguar or a liger
A wolf!!!

WOLF WOLF WOLF WOLF WOLF WOLF!!

(CAn you tell I like wolves?)

Oh, and a snake  :3
@EmoChelza A blue parrot? Cool! Reading your post, I thought you said you wanted a blue mohawk bird. That'd be awesome! @roan1818 Sweet. *cough copysnake cough * What kind of snake? @Purple Witch Yes, they count. Do you ever see a wolf, lion or tiger wandering around a friends hows regularly? Nope, cause they aren't normal pets. Not normal is exotic. @TheGood1 I was going to put jaguar but I couldn't think of the damn word! @okAmii Wow, you must seriously despise wolves... JK. I wonder why half of us want snakes? I guess it's because they are so damn cool.
Lemur or a Prairie Dog
Hahaha okayyy I want a wolf then ^-^ would a panda be an exotic anime?
@PurpleWitch Yeppers! They aren't your typical, everyday pets, now are they? Nope! Congratulations you be gettin yourself a pony- I mean panda!
A capuchin monkey.
i want my cat back --'
WOLVES
Python snake or a jaguar:)
snake...
I what a wolf. Of a white tiger.
i would like a hissing cockroach :3
@emojoint A hissing cockroach. hmm. I imediantly imagined a snakeroach, a mix of a snake and cockroach.
lol
WOLFWOLFWOLFWOLFWOLF

sNAKE

WOLFWOLFWOLFWOLFWOLFWOLF
Ok. Amii, we get it! You want a tiger. Jeez! Be still!
what do I get?? xD
giant turtle xD
wolf hmm
pandah xD
lolz
mmmm. its a 4 way tie between, a wolf, a cheetah, a white tiger, or a panda!
You get a panda and whatever else PurpleWitch ( I'mma call you Purple still.)
kaboom
wolf...or panda.
maybe a wolda? O-o
wolf xD
Ok. Amii, we get it! You want a tiger. Jeez! Be still!Lol You bitch ;D
@okAmii Aww, Thank you, I know I'm beautiful ;D@gabbitheawesome Oooh a wolda! o_O I want one!
XD
pandah 100%
didn't I give you that nickname, Panda?
A wolf or a panther
Ok. Amii, we get it! You want a tiger. Jeez! Be still!Wait... Why do I need to be still? O.O
@okAmii It's retro for calm the fuck down!!!!!  Duh....
lol... i shall breed a wolda and give one to you c:
@okAmii It's retro for calm the fuck down!!!!!  Duh.... I guess I don't speak retro then, lol
...pandah wiv an afro?
@okAmii Haha Amii 
@EmoChelza Sweeet!!!!!!
either a fennec fox or a wolf. theyre both epic pets :3
@Soupah_Gurl True that! *high six*
Eh. I don't need to speak retro

I have English and Spanish :3
A Tiger.
@okAmii How about Retro Spanish? You know that, hmm?
ohhh a polar bear xD xD ahah n a penguin i shall call Guter like in Adventure Time
@okAmii How about Retro Spanish? You know that, hmm?STOP MAKING FUN OF ME JUST BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW RETRO D;
STOP MAKING FUN OF ME JUST BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW RETRO D; Ahh, poor Amii. She didn't know, I was talking in retro about retro T_T. ...Oh well, her loss.
ohhh a polar bear xD xD ahah n a penguin i shall call Guter like in Adventure Time ...
lololol or a giant butterfly
lololol or a giant butterfly 8oHmm... I still prefer dragons... 


^ but at least u wont hav to worry bout it setting fire to u n eating u like a barbecued sausage
EWWWWW GROSS!!!! SAUSAGES ARE NASTY!!!!!!!
A unicorn! Yes, they exist.
And/or a racoon
i want buckbeak xD from harry potter
A unicorn! Yes, they exist.And/or a racoon I has a unicorn.And, I have a rockoon. It's better than a raccoon because it LOVES TO ROCK!!!!
i want buckbeak xD from harry potter       


I would have a unicorn and a python
dont u kno who it is??its the hippogrith thing from harry potterXDDDDDDDDDDDD
lol hes cute xD
^ ...mhmm yeah...okay... 


he is
Prove it.
he acts cute lol
^ How is flying cute? I don't find that video to be cute. 


Err a dragon isn't an exotic pet, it's a mythical pet. Unless you're talking about a Komodo Dragon which doesnt fly.. hey ho 

Anyway, if I could have an exotic pet I'd either have a Sloth or a Fennec Fox. MMMF THEYRE SO CUTE *3*
^ How is flying cute? I don't find that video to be cute. hes just cute xD
I would soo love to have a dragon! Too bad I cant find any... I guess a white tiger could be my second option
^ I like white tigers.
a real life domo wud b cool O...O
i would love to have a triceratops
a real life domo wud b cool O...OWhat animal  is Domo? o_O
					
					

What animal  is Domo? o_OI would like to know that too o_O
^ XD
What animal  is Domo? o_Ohmmm he might b a roaring fluffy cardboard box O...O
huge white wolf
Surprising how many don't know what an exotic animal is
^ Agreed.
I would want a White tiger or a Dragon like off of the movie Eragon if not that then a panther of a snow leapored
I would want a White tiger or a Dragon like off of the movie Eragon if not that then a panther of a snow leapored heh, the same as me :3 high-five on dragons n tigers!
Thinking of getting a pet hawk called Hawkules, so that he can grab my enemies in his vicious talons and carry them far away from me.
wow, a hawk sounds cool too
An octopus or an owl(:
heh, the same as me :3 high-five on dragons n tigers!yeah they are really cool
A raven or a crow but a raven sounds better or a baby kangoru
Red pandas :3 
Even though they are endangered species
Mine Turtle :3
Tarantula
Scolopendra Gigantea
just kidding
How bout a... uh... Deep One from Y'ha-nthlei
Me i have no idea what i would want but something that nobady else has. I do though like the bird from RIO hes a cutie but if there was a dog or cat that nobady has then i would want that.
Red fox
Jackass
i would like a doe or a deer. ="=
Polar Bear :3
A axolotl.
A penguin... ooooh, theyre so adorable.
I want a fucking big ass panda. How epic would that shit be. I'd give him all the bamboos. He'd be my companion right. cool stuff. am i right?
Wolves
omg. a sugar glider. or a fennec fox. or a capybara. or a savannah cat. or a squirrel monkey. too many to even name.
Ok look, I personally like the whole think. But which do you prefer?:
OREO
Or
CREAM???
Thing* sorry guyzez. :3
cream
If you can have one or the other, why not both?
Depends on what kind of cream it is 
If you know what i mean
Chocolate chips.
Oreo ^-^
Uh what?
You fool, you doomed us all!
Um yea it's under my bed
srsly
srsly
srsly
dis r srs bsns
srsly
srsly
srsly.
srsly
Srsly
OMG.
SRSLY
srs
ly
s
r
S
l
s
D:
dis r srs thread 4 srs ppl
SRSLY DOE
What in the fuck is happening to you people? xD
srsly, giv en
Srsly
&nbsp;
What in the fuck is happening to you people? xD
&nbsp;
srsly
srslyErmahgerd, srsly. Shut erp. D:
let the srsly flow through you
srsly
Seriously.
May the Srs be with you
Srsly ;o
Hi.
Im still really new to Ep , but i would like to chat with some people more my age so if you are 17 and + please hit me up thanks
seventeen and crucified, interesting credentials
I'm 17 xD
Must I be crucified as well as seventeen?
Hit him up by all means, but please, dont knock him up until he's 18.
I'm 17 y0.
Woooo :] i didnt think anyone was going to reply
I'm 18, nice to meet you .
So many old people xD
So many old people xD


so true xD
Hit him up by all means, but please, dont knock him up until he's 18. omg niiiiiiice. XD
17, nice to meet you
I'm 18 nice to meet you as well
Do you like Jeff the killer? 
How about Jane?!
Oh! Can't forget Sally. 
Jack is cool too
Do you like creepypasta?!
Wow you must have been very bored, and tired. lol lil devil
Wow you must have been very bored, and tired. lol lil devil you don't even know the half of it xD
Figures. Lol
I started you on this Creepypasta fandom! 
I love creepy pasta!
I'm happy I found Creepypasta. It is my life 
Figures. Lol kiss my ass
And I looooove creepypasta tooo (:
Jeff is my love, but my friend is writing Slenderman porn, and lemme tell ya...IT'S FUCKING AMAZING!!!!!!!!!! Lmao
I love laughing jack he's my creepypasta boyfriend
Umm ok
What why is this even a thing? just wha no plz stop
Um...it's not in my taste? But if you like it, then go for it. I have my ideal room...it consists of nerf guns, a five foot bed and a s$&* load of gigantic teddy bears.
I want my room to have a midevil gothic theme.
is it naturally straight, wavy, curly, or messy etc and what is its natural color?
My hair naturally is all of the above except straight. .
My hair is naturally a wavy mess :/
mines wavy at times and other times just straight natural color is blond with natural highlights
mine's wavy and naturally dirty blonde
Curlyish, wavy. 
And dark brown.
Brown curly like an afro and stupid ._.
My hair is freaking messy and natural color is blonde
My hair is medium brown and wavy.
Wavy and curly .
i feel so awesome being the only one with naturally straight hairX3
i feel so awesome being the only one with naturally straight hairX3
oohhh fack you bro ~
Wavy but I flat iron it and its natural color is light brown
oohhh fack you bro ~
too late!
My natural hair is ginger, durr lol. Though i have natural blonde and brown and gold streaks too. My hair is curly and naturally always goes into ringlets c:
Wavy and curly and my natural color is a dark brown black color
My hair is naturally black,and its a mixx of curls and waves.... Yeah my hair is beast
Mine is just naturally messy lol
blonde curly and always messyyyyy ewww Dx
My hair is a total mess .
way curly and messy
went from being naturally straight, to curly, to now wavey, depends on the length, but cause I got it layered it'll be wavey or curley if I decided to grow it longer
Naturally wavyish curlyish, and it's like jet black
Brown curly like an afro and stupid ._.


Mine too bro, I know how it feels
Mines is really curly. I used to straighten it everyday, but its too much of a hassle. Ive embraced my [nappy] locks.
Yeah but I'm balding so it doesn't matter
So curly. So messy.
Curly
My hair is naturally wavy and dark blonde hair but I dye it every so often.
My hair is naturally curly and wavy
Naturally jet black, straightish wavy.
My hair is naturally frizzy and wavy. I dont even bother to straighten it because my hair hates it lol.
Straight, but when it gets long it gets curly. I have brown hair but sometimes, especially when it's short, it can look blonde.
I don't think i can explain my hair
If I don't blow dry it, it gets really frizzy, I mean, motherfucker looking like Napoleon dynamite over here, straight up Afro yo. Lol
Who do u think is d sexiest guy or gal?
Post all d people u think r hot n sexy 
...
Shawn!
Snow!  And Johnnyboyxo
Alex Evans
him!! this sexy beast riiiiight here!! 
Andy Beirsack is mine!!!
Too me is 2 guys:
1. The guy I like at my school
2. and XxxGrimSoulsxxX
him!! this sexy beast riiiiight here!! 
haha aint he from the gazettes?? yuppers! xD nee~ u stalked my gallery didnt you??
haha...maybeez O.O
Park Jung Min, hands down. Then again, i have a thing for asians. Ok, seriously? I might move to Korea JUST to stalk him.Who the hell here even knows who i'm talking about?


Karen Gillan
(Random Order:)

-Jayy Von Monroe
-Adam Lambert
-Nolan Gerard Funk
-Andrew Biersack
-Jensen Ackles
-Christian Siriano
-Craig Mabbitt
-Chester Bennington
-Mike Shinoda
-Marshall Mathers
- & Me!!
					
					

aparently johnny depp is single now O.O
WOOT!!! Johnny Depp is single now xD
heyhey johnny
Sexiest men are Sully Erna, Andrew Biersack, Shimon Moore, and Kurt Cobain
Sexiest women are Lenora Crichlow, Kawabe Chieko, Avril Lavigne and Selena Gomez

All celebrities
Johnny depp as Captain Jack Sparrow ^vv^
haha lol isnt the first dude Edmund from Narnia??
					
					

hahaha lolz yes yes it is Chelza didnt you recognise him? xD
Yes.... is there something wrong with that
Narnia 
I forgot Jensen Ackles, Jared Padalecki, and Misha Collins lol
Hahaha yeah, @shadow there is nothing wrong with that xD
Christopher Rios
The SEXIEST Woman in the WORLD is Emma Anzai !!!
Dita Von teese, defo.
Harry Radford, I have no words to describe how much I love that man.
Adam Levine
Me fo sho xDD

Just kidding
if u vote me for the sexiest chick ill vote for u xD
lolz go chelza xD
VOTE FOR MEH!! HAHAHAHA xD
jks
Each and every one of you
ill vote for u xD
Andy Beirsack is mine!!!NEVER
Totally. Vote for me

I sing too  LOL
the sexiest women id say nikki XD
being able to draw is sexy...vote for meh?? lol
I play instruments too And Draw and sing and other shit too ;D
lolz
I am clearly the sexiest LOLOLXDDD
NO
MINE
lolz
ima a sexy gurl tooyz .
lolz I vote for chelza xD
agreed hmm
lol
yays lolziez
D;
ILL VOTE FOR AMII TOO 
WOOT XD
haha 
Alissa White from The Agonist :3
Gerard Butler.
Andy Biersack or Cameron Ugh all the way
Obama
Johnny depp
Tom Hiddleston, Alex Evans, Shane Evens, mentaljumpingjacks (dexter) :3
sexiest woman alive (that you've never heard of) is Aishwarya Rai
Jeffree star and
ustin tranter from semi precious weapons
Jeffree Star is one ugly mofo.
Myself.
Uhm. Well. Shucks. .....Shark. (Me!) lol
Zombie Boy *~*
					
					

sexiest guy is Jesse Eisenberg!! ermegerrrrd his bone structure.
Who has a middle name?


You should tell me what it is :3
mind is Lynn
i dont hav one
Lynn :3

Boo you Chelz, lawl

I HATE my middle name, Lawl

only a handful of people know it
i think ash told me urs...or it might of been sum1 else's O.o
Lynn :3Boo you Chelz, lawlI HATE my middle name, Lawlonly a handful of people know it  It can't be that bad Amii
For me? Yeah, it is. 

It doesn't fit me so well. 

Some people say yes, others are like HELL NAWW 

And I'm like .
For me? Yeah, it is.It doesn't fit me so well.Some people say yes, others are like HELL NAWWAnd I'm like .
.
i dont hav a middle name...i want one .
Chelz, I will give you a middle name

PANDA

XD
my middle name sounds like a boys name hoho
What is it?
Mine is Michelle
it was suppose to be Nicole but a relative of mine gave away a huge tantrum cuz she wanted it to be her name (Michelle)
Chelz, I will give you a middle namePANDAXDhahah so my name is now Chelsea Panda Carter-Taylo lololol
hahah so my name is now Chelsea Panda Carter-Taylo lololol Yes. Yes it is.
My name is angelice marylynn. Eh:/
That's not bad

It kinda reminds me of a cute little doll :3
Try having Deianeira as your middle name. Not only is it a pain in the butt to spell, but the story behind it isn't the greatest! xD
lolz I have horrible middle name I hate it .
^ it aint that bad u kno...
Try having Deianeira as your middle name. Not only is it a pain in the butt to spell, but the story behind it isn't the greatest! xD I'm having a bit of trouble attempting to say it :
how do u pronounce that?? O.o
I'm having a bit of trouble attempting to say it :
i dont think ill even try lol...
nicole. lol i only hate my last name cuz its a bird ;-;
wat is it?? ^
cornish u.u who names their kid after a bird? my mother.
lol...well my middle name is now Pandah xD lolol
urs isnt too bad thou
awesome XD lol
haha if u dont like it give urself a new one lol
hahaha xD lolziez
srry if ima little late but, my middle name is Blue. ^,..,^ i
awwwww that cool middle name xD
i don't like mine....Mary...  do i LOOK like  a Mary? NO! i don't like my first name either. My mom wanted to name me Marina, but in the end my dad named me. It's a rare name here, and no i'm not telling!
Try having Deianeira as your middle name. Not only is it a pain in the butt to spell, but the story behind it isn't the greatest! xD I'm guessing deyaneera. sounds a bit like diarrhea.. so story?
i don't like mine....Mary...  do i LOOK like  a Mary? NO! i don't like my first name either. My mom wanted to name me Marina, but in the end my dad named me. It's a rare name here, and no i'm not telling! aww tell tell? pweez

pweeze
my middle name is wayne!  you better belive it
Irenza Lucy Alex but they are my new middle names after I left my home town.
Only had one middle name before i had to change names.
u have more than one? O...o ^
Yeah pretty crazy aye.
My middle name is Lewis
lewis!
My middle name is John
I kinda have a crappy middle name
Joey John?

THAT'S AWESOME XD
Hehe Yea it's pretty original? LOL I guess its an ok middle name
I have the worlds girliest middle name
Michelle
Ew. It's awful.
My middle name is Lewisawwwww. Arron Lewis .....it has a ring to it. Does it not?
You guys wanna know my middle name? 

It's Angel -.-
lol i hate my first name what would it be when i know my middle name
lol
one day they called me shanaya loool (it's not my middle name just fake i don't even know what it is) xD
the bastards
pandah
ive gotz two luna and dieann
I want to change my name :3
You guys wanna know my middle name?It's Angel -.- really i like it
Blehh!!! It doesn't fit me
wat so bad bout angel?
My middle name? Skye. With an E. Don't ask because I don't get it either.
i know a skye whos got a e on the end xD
My middle name is Rose.
srry if ima little late but, my middle name is Blue. ^,..,^ iAw, i'm super jelly ; . ; That's such a cool middle name
i feel kinda left out 
i dont hav one
It's Fury I get picked on alot over it called an emo freak and stuff but It's okay I guess. I want my name to be what it was before my mom had it changed. Vanessa Danielle Raven Collins that's pretty much what I put on eveything because the name I have now is so terrible.
OMW! Mine is Carmen-Alexandra. I sooooo hate it. *hiding*
maybe I shouldn't tell it but whatever ^ ^My true name is: Olga Berenika :3Middle name is like in this star constelation : Coma Berenices ^.^
Jurnee
i hate mine it jr dont blame me for what my parents named me
mine is Adalfieri
Nathon
awesome


You guys wanna know my middle name?
It's Angel -.-
I like that middle name
I like that middle name
O I just realize I already said that my bad
Looks like I'm the third person here with Lynn.
my midle name is (drum role) K. yes just K nuthing els 


ha! danger?...danger's my middle name!XD
ha! danger?...danger's my middle name!XD
Really?
Nicole  Not really original) My cat's middle name is Lynn though. XD
My middle name is Sue... -___-
Jess.
I want to change my middle name to Elodia :3
mines is iamni... its African
mines is iamni... its African
i like you
I like it :3
thank you
i like you 
hehehe...that's my line 
xP lol
I've always wanted my middle name to be Pickle-flavored-chips
I hate mine .. Lillianna Flora Michelle.... 

.
Arielle. Kathryn Arielle.  .
I hate mine .. Lillianna Flora Michelle.... .
Alexzander
Nicole.
Melanie Laina. (Melanies my first name).
Andrew.
id say but it would give away my first name and i dont wanna
My middle name is Ann.
my middle names are Blade and Joel
"Angel" is mine
Anna is mine
Michelle, is mine
rachel
I'm Francis Joseph. Fuck that.
curtis :b
My full name is Nathan ____ Borge
I seriously don't have a middle name lol
Manuel...
Claire.
Rontasia ._.

rofl.
my middle name is Rose
BOTDF encourages fans to flash them and send "n00dz."Send thoze n00dz And make me drool. . . Cut the shit Show your tits.  -lyrics from sexting...But even when the loyal fans do as asked they gang up and shame them for it....So Waht? They Write Music About Sex. Okay? Who Gives A Shit Its not Like They Are Making Us Do Anything They Are Just Lyrics. And How's It Botdf's Fault If it Gets To The Ears Of 9 year Olds? Its not Like Its Porn Or Something. . . If She Knows To Post Noodz, Cuss People Out Like That, And Create All This Unnecessary Drama Then She's Getting What She Deserves. -Jayycandii on Jessie slaugtherDahvie has a cult-like fan following of 10-15 year old girls who think he is jesus and agree with everything he says. Just like every other false messiah, he molest the kids in his flock. And they like it appreantly...During the fight to unite tour, Dahvie couldn't keep his cumstained hands off all the underage dumb scene girls that were brainwashed into sucking his untalented cock, he decided to fuck one of his retarded fanns in the back of a car. Apparently the cumdumpster decided to reveal this information to the internetz because the scenefag wouldn't respond to her attention whoring tweets to him.His fancult of course went apeshit...If his retarded ass fans follow his songs of Anti bullying and suicide pervention then what the fuck is this.... ?Yeah BOTDF sure fucking showed you about anti bullying and tolerenace. Face it you BOTDF fans are hate machines suicide/rape enthusiast.You: But he inspires me everday!!Me:  bitch i'm talking here....You: he is the reason I'm alive!!!Me: well I hope your dream of fucking him never comes true, thus his fans will make you wish you where dead ironic isn't it?You: STFU EVIL I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU YOU STUPID CUNT BITCH! I'M GONNA CRAVE HIS NAME ON MY SKIN!!!Me: I'm making a point here and you're rationalizing an unhealthy mindset....You: GO KILL YOURSELF!!Me: Are you not the one who wanted to die? Oh right you wont die now because of the scene whale you worship you want to be live and send him noodz and violently choke on his "ice cream"Greasy pedoman likes to be molested...All the retarded scene bitches wanna fuck this scene landwhale.... you would fuck him? is this smexy to you? No seriously what the fuck is wrong with you? *VOMITS* ugh... you're nasty... you're fucking sick and nasty! You disgusting bitches.Got a monster in my pants / And if you ever get the chance / Gonna cram it down your throat / Watch you gasp for air and choke/ I'm gonna jizz all in your face / I'm gonna wreck this fucking place / Pull my hair, smash the chair / Break the bed and give me head.-Lyrics from scream for my ice cream... (his fan are 12 to 15.... so.... how pedo rapist is that?) Smash the chair....? Really? REALLY?!*VOMITS AGAIN* Ugh, that's you fantasy?! A 14 year old and this freak? And people still think honey boo boo is the sickest thing ever....At this point i'm known to have the worst reputaion and of course I really don't give a shit, I'm not gonna walk on egg shells to please anybody. So go rape that little red arrow button all you want... write about how only BOTDF understands you, and idk... make another thread about having me banned. yadda yadda. What do I care what rape enthusiast think of my staments? I'm tired of all of you saying you are individuals and unique and yet you just write the same fucking BOTDF worship dribble everyday. Or get bitchy and try to convert the anti BOTDF. They say your band  IS NOT GOD, You wont listen to reason.You are not individuals, you are clones, you have nothing interesting going on in your life, you ROLL with the mass. The name BOTDF rolls out of your lips cause it sends everyone running to your thread. Your screen name and photo is supose to be a depiction of yourself. That fact that you toss monroe, vanity... or what ever the fuck else related into your profile proves your a stupid shitty piece of fandom. It's not love it's a sick obssession and an attempt to fit in.I literally can not live without air.  Do you see me with a big group of people making the... "I FUCKING LOVE AND CAN NOT LIVE WITHOUT AIR AND BREATHING!"can you imagine...??"OMG I KNOW! AIR ROCKS! I CAN RELATE WITH YOU! HOW CAN YOU NOT LOVE AIR?!"  FINALLY SOMEONE FUCKING  UNDERSTANDS ME!" I'M GONNA CRY!!! PEOPLE JUST TAKE AIR FOR GRANTED!! OMG I HATE THOSE DEAD BASTARDS WHO DON'T BREATH ANYMORE! I WILL NEVER BE ONE OF THEM! AIR FOR EVER! I PRAISE THE OXYGEN MAKING TREES!!WAAAUUGHHH!!! *HUGGGZZZZ TREE AND FELLOW AIR LOVER*They been around since 2006. The majority of you where most likely 10? 11 at the time...? Go dedicate your life to something else already. Be somebody and not part of somebody else.Ps heres are your likely reactions to this post so that you don't have to bother posting anything. Blah blah blah.No really don't be a hero in the eyes of your BOTDF internet "frendz' and post in defense, mostly cause the mods hate it when i get alot of replys and post feeds. If you wanna get mod trolled and spamed with more anti BOTDF pics it's on your ass. It would be better for your already weak metal stability if you read shrug and just shut the fuck up and not make anymore BOTDF threads now that you came to the conclusion how annoying as fuck you are, and learn from it. Cause Idc if they troll you. I don't even care if they troll me and I hapen to like me. I dont like you so... your on your own.Again I don't give a shit. You wanna post feel free, It's just a warning for your own well being and the protection of your precious little reputation. You know, the one you built up because you wrote some tiny little sentences or lyrics pity story, a piece of advice to a pity story, and someone who wrote the same exact thing liked it... blah blah blah. I could write "Aww i understand your pain" in every damn post I would probably have more likes but i don't so i wont....  like sparing two seconds to type that tiny shit is gonna save anyone, and fuck you if you think it does. Why don't you really be usefu and tell them to get therapy? tell them to take thier meds? Tell them they are not gonna die if they can't get thier hair perfect, What are you a miracle typer? With healing typing abilitues? You know you do it to look good... social climbing mother fuckers.And to the stupid bitch who complained via mail about my "disturbed" thread in the peotry section, Yeah I use the same one over and over again! SO? I have unlimited space to store all my stories in one file! Why the fuck would i keep opening a new thread and make individual threads every time i have a new poem or story or what ever the fuck? I don't need my poems to be in different threads! You know that everytime a new thread is made it pops up in the "most recent new topic" space. No body needs to see my poems in a new topic every fucking day. Nor do i want them too. The whole "new topic" shit I think should be resevered for those little emergency bloggers that want to make sure they are noticed and everyone is highly aware thier topic is NEW and at the top where they can be seen! You wanna make an invidual thread for every piece of fucking poetry thats not gonna have all that many reply, so you decided to make a new whole thread and have the same out come again and again you go ahead and do that and leave me the fuck alone. I don't want to have 20+ poetry or music threads that cover the same thing over and over I will use my old one and add to it, It's not like i'm gonna run out of space, thats that so fuck you.
Lulz.
I'm not saying i agree or don't agree but this is very funny. i couldn't stop laughing since the first sentence.
Anyone who read all that deserves a medal. 

But yeah BOTDF sucks. We get it.
I read it all.
Boredness does things to a guy.
i read this through, i looked up some pics and music vids and i just have one question : 
this strange version of andy six, a lollypop, a blob of sweaty fat, and jedward is the idol of millions of girls?!? pardon me while i fall off my chaire cos my ribs hurt from laughing.
funny how much time this guy has used to only hate in them. he doesnt look at them from any other perspective
I love you dear. 

This made my day
ahahaha my day = made
Are you compairing your poems to Mr. Vanity? BOTDF this and that, and thentalking about your poems.. wtf? xD Now my brain hurts along with my eyes.

P.S. If anyon does have magical healing typing "abilitues", 1up for you!
Yeah I like to read but I'm not interested in this band so I just looked through. And still I don't care. I don't know what ppl see in them but this is their choice. I don't care, that's all ^ ^
but I've heard them and about them by some occasion (my friend showed me) and i don't think they have anything to do with "emo" lol
I love how he is using a tragedy to promote his music.
Yeah I like to read but I'm not interested in this band so I just looked through. And still I don't care. I don't know what ppl see in them but this is their choice. I don't care, that's all ^ ^but I've heard them and about them by some occasion (my friend showed me) and i don't think they have anything to do with "emo" lol  I categorize them a scene I find this rant hilarious.
I categorize them a scene I find this rant hilarious.yea not "emo" at all i mean there songs and everything about them screams scene
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeheeheeheeheeeeeeee...funny...should get it published
I cannot stand the word "hater," for the life of me. That word is terrible. Why? To be put it bluntly, I feel as though scene kids and other people use that term merely to justify the fact people don't like whatever someone else is talking about. So if I said I don't like BOTDF, which is true, I must be a "hater," because I have a different opinion? That's where the word confuses me. How is that "hating," also? Yeah, I hate the band and their music, but the same logic can be applied to anything. I don't like watermelon very much, does that mean I'm a hater towards watermelon? Do I wish I was a watermelon? Am I jealous of watermelons? No. Definitely not. I don't quite get the term, because it just seems like a way for people to get out of arguing or debating, essentially; "You're a hater and that's that!" That's how most BOTDF fans seem to act. They won't listen to what you have to say, but will throw the "hater" card out very quickly. It doesn't make any sense to me, really....
I'm so glad you posted this. So very glad.
I hope this captures the attention of alot of people.
Mainly parents of kids who love BotDF
haha i like u and ur views  but BOTDF? Not to bigafan maybe just to get a laugh listening to sex songs cant save your life it just makes u horny XD
I'm not a crazed BOTDF fan but when I first heard there music (before watching any interviews) I thought they where playing around. Reading what you had to say and that little bout having sex with an underage girl just threw me off
I agree they are pretty fucked up horrible liars and if they truly wanted what they say they believe they should go about it differently 
They just attract suicidal teenage girls.. 
Course I still listen to their music and such..
so funny, lol  great post.
flicking people off is soo much fun
BOTDF sucks and stuff
yet i still cant stop laughing at this stuff
Wow, i didn't even read all of that, but I actually like botdf, and no, I wouldn't do the lead singer of it, but they're music is nice to listen to, sorta catchy
Because BOTDF is such a great band to listen to
I think I caught the herps just listening to this crap. sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, buttplugging, sex.
This is absolutely terrible.
I immediately had to flush this filth out of my ears with some System of a Down.
Listen at your own risk!!
That was my first listening to them. Same reaction the second time.
					
					

BOTDF encourages fans to flash them and send "n00dz."Send thoze n00dz And make me drool. . . Cut the shit Show your tits.  -lyrics from sexting...
But even when the loyal fans do as asked they gang up and shame them for it....So Waht? They Write Music About Sex. Okay? Who Gives A Shit Its not Like They Are Making Us Do Anything They Are Just Lyrics. And How's It Botdf's Fault If it Gets To The Ears Of 9 year Olds? Its not Like Its Porn Or Something. . . If She Knows To Post Noodz, Cuss People Out Like That, And Create All This Unnecessary Drama Then She's Getting What She Deserves. -Jayycandii on Jessie slaugther
Dahvie has a cult-like fan following of 10-15 year old girls who think he is jesus and agree with everything he says. Just like every other false messiah, he molest the kids in his flock. And they like it appreantly...
During the fight to unite tour, Dahvie couldn't keep his cumstained hands off all the underage dumb scene girls that were brainwashed into sucking his untalented cock, he decided to fuck one of his retarded fanns in the back of a car. Apparently the cumdumpster decided to reveal this information to the internetz because the scenefag wouldn't respond to her attention whoring tweets to him.
His fancult of course went apeshit...
If his retarded ass fans follow his songs of Anti bullying and suicide pervention then what the fuck is this.... ?
Yeah BOTDF sure fucking showed you about anti bullying and tolerenace. Face it you BOTDF fans are hate machines suicide/rape enthusiast.
You: But he inspires me everday!!
Me:  bitch i'm talking here....
You: he is the reason I'm alive!!!
Me: well I hope your dream of fucking him never comes true, thus his fans will make you wish you where dead ironic isn't it?
You: STFU EVIL I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU YOU STUPID CUNT BITCH! I'M GONNA CRAVE HIS NAME ON MY SKIN!!!
Me: I'm making a point here and you're rationalizing an unhealthy mindset....
You: GO KILL YOURSELF!!
Me: Are you not the one who wanted to die? Oh right you wont die now because of the scene whale you worship you want to be live and send him noodz and violently choke on his "ice cream"
Greasy pedoman likes to be molested...
All the retarded scene bitches wanna fuck this scene landwhale.... you would fuck him? is this smexy to you? No seriously what the fuck is wrong with you? *VOMITS* ugh... you're nasty... you're fucking sick and nasty! You disgusting bitches.Got a monster in my pants / And if you ever get the chance / Gonna cram it down your throat / Watch you gasp for air and choke/ I'm gonna jizz all in your face / I'm gonna wreck this fucking place / Pull my hair, smash the chair / Break the bed and give me head.
-Lyrics from scream for my ice cream... (his fan are 12 to 15.... so.... how pedo rapist is that?) Smash the chair....? Really? REALLY?!
*VOMITS AGAIN* Ugh, that's you fantasy?! A 14 year old and this freak? And people still think honey boo boo is the sickest thing ever....
At this point i'm known to have the worst reputaion and of course I really don't give a shit, I'm not gonna walk on egg shells to please anybody. So go rape that little red arrow button all you want... write about how only BOTDF understands you, and idk... make another thread about having me banned. yadda yadda. What do I care what rape enthusiast think of my staments? I'm tired of all of you saying you are individuals and unique and yet you just write the same fucking BOTDF worship dribble everyday. Or get bitchy and try to convert the anti BOTDF. They say your band  IS NOT GOD, You wont listen to reason.
You are not individuals, you are clones, you have nothing interesting going on in your life, you ROLL with the mass. The name BOTDF rolls out of your lips cause it sends everyone running to your thread. Your screen name and photo is supose to be a depiction of yourself. That fact that you toss monroe, vanity... or what ever the fuck else related into your profile proves your a stupid shitty piece of fandom. It's not love it's a sick obssession and an attempt to fit in.
I literally can not live without air.  Do you see me with a big group of people making the... "I FUCKING LOVE AND CAN NOT LIVE WITHOUT AIR AND BREATHING!"
can you imagine...??
"OMG I KNOW! AIR ROCKS! I CAN RELATE WITH YOU! HOW CAN YOU NOT LOVE AIR?!"  FINALLY SOMEONE FUCKING  UNDERSTANDS ME!" I'M GONNA CRY!!! PEOPLE JUST TAKE AIR FOR GRANTED!! OMG I HATE THOSE DEAD BASTARDS WHO DON'T BREATH ANYMORE! I WILL NEVER BE ONE OF THEM! AIR FOR EVER! I PRAISE THE OXYGEN MAKING TREES!!WAAAUUGHHH!!! *HUGGGZZZZ TREE AND FELLOW AIR LOVER*
They been around since 2006. The majority of you where most likely 10? 11 at the time...? Go dedicate your life to something else already. Be somebody and not part of somebody else.
Ps heres are your likely reactions to this post so that you don't have to bother posting anything. Blah blah blah.
No really don't be a hero in the eyes of your BOTDF internet "frendz' and post in defense, mostly cause the mods hate it when i get alot of replys and post feeds. If you wanna get mod trolled and spamed with more anti BOTDF pics it's on your ass. It would be better for your already weak metal stability if you read shrug and just shut the fuck up and not make anymore BOTDF threads now that you came to the conclusion how annoying as fuck you are, and learn from it. Cause Idc if they troll you. I don't even care if they troll me and I hapen to like me. I dont like you so... your on your own.
Again I don't give a shit. You wanna post feel free, It's just a warning for your own well being and the protection of your precious little reputation. You know, the one you built up because you wrote some tiny little sentences or lyrics pity story, a piece of advice to a pity story, and someone who wrote the same exact thing liked it... blah blah blah. I could write "Aww i understand your pain" in every damn post I would probably have more likes but i don't so i wont....  like sparing two seconds to type that tiny shit is gonna save anyone, and fuck you if you think it does. Why don't you really be usefu and tell them to get therapy? tell them to take thier meds? Tell them they are not gonna die if they can't get thier hair perfect, What are you a miracle typer? With healing typing abilitues? You know you do it to look good... social climbing mother fuckers.
And to the stupid bitch who complained via mail about my "disturbed" thread in the peotry section, Yeah I use the same one over and over again! SO? I have unlimited space to store all my stories in one file! Why the fuck would i keep opening a new thread and make individual threads every time i have a new poem or story or what ever the fuck? I don't need my poems to be in different threads! You know that everytime a new thread is made it pops up in the "most recent new topic" space. No body needs to see my poems in a new topic every fucking day. Nor do i want them too. The whole "new topic" shit I think should be resevered for those little emergency bloggers that want to make sure they are noticed and everyone is highly aware thier topic is NEW and at the top where they can be seen! You wanna make an invidual thread for every piece of fucking poetry thats not gonna have all that many reply, so you decided to make a new whole thread and have the same out come again and again you go ahead and do that and leave me the fuck alone. I don't want to have 20+ poetry or music threads that cover the same thing over and over I will use my old one and add to it, It's not like i'm gonna run out of space, thats that so fuck you.

Lol. I never heard anything from that band XD I readed this the whole way through. This topic is awesome.
I love blood on the dance floor o_o
I love blood on the dance floor o_o


ew that's like not even a good band try the jonah brothers instead
Cause I'm a youtuber and all...
I subscribed you, if you don't mind. I may be of support.
someone forgot how to blink _
I subscribed  you seem awesome hehe
ahhhhhh i love coffee.Coffee is just so amazing.
I love Coffee , Ice coffee mainly , so goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood :3
I load my coffee with sugar, creamer and chocolate syrup.
chocolate syrup?
Hail to the Coffee, baby
Seriously though, Coffee is amazing
Gotta love them iced versions.
yeah
chocolate syrup?
Yes. And its fucking delicious, lol.
sounds like it
How I feel every morning.
Hazelnut is the best. I always put too much sugar in my coffee though ._. But the more the better.
Hazelnut is nothing compared to White Macadamia.  Yummm.
coffee with french vanilla creamer AHH HEAVEN
if yhu have a random nickname pleez share :3 my firend danii calls me jess ness, and i have no idea why xD
lolz my friend Chelza was the first to start calling me Ashwee.... I have no idea why either xD
Ive got...
Chelweeee
Poodlehead
Avril
Goldylocks
Chels
CT
Shorty...

that bout it...
Mi friend Elaine calls me Ri-Fi ??? LolxD
My friend calls me nay-nay
Fifi kitty cat of PANDORAH. I share the Pandora part with someone else. ;p
People call me Momo, which I prefer.
Selected few call me Muzzy, Mannie, Rae, Lita, and Meka.
I've been called
Ninga
glare
cealy
celery
monkey-on-the-roof
psych
mr.k
brack gai
amatsu mikaboshi
sensei
coconut wahop
gamer buds call me azrael
and vokun for some reason
i just have a few:

-Chanty 
I have no nicknames
My boyfriend calls me Goofy Goober...yeah....and BlueBerry
My Moma calls me Kiwi
My dad calls me:
Dokey
MonKey
Kiwi
Kiki
Kinky
Tokey
PoKey
Keyblur Elf
Kisa
Kilala
Kirara
Tiki
Ickey
Dorkey
Kilo
Pickey
Loki
And many many many more....
Anything thing with Key in it my dad has already called me.
I have no nicknames I will be happy enough to switch you names lolz
My friends call me by whatever anime name that I am into at the time but mainly they call me sora, nate is short for my full name and then my twin always calls me bro and then a few of my friends call me munchkin
i have a new name for my friend angelina. it's grandma backpack xD i have no idea where it came from
My mom calls me moonbeam.
My uncle and daddy call me brat.
My other uncle calls me cirka.
my dad calls me puff
and duckbutter---------plz dont ask what it iz..you might throw up
i dunno if its strange...but everyone has called me chop since i was little
I have a spanish second name...its Fernanda..weird I know:P so my bro and grandma call me FEFA sometimes. I think thats as weird and ugly as it gets.

I also get called:
clau(by mom and friends)
clauclau(by mom and some fam)
meisan sweetie(by my uncle)
little princess(by my dad and mom sometimes)
little rag doll(by mom)
aleli princess(by mom)
Catnip, Coco, wierd things like that.
i dunno if its strange...but everyone has called me chop since i was littleChop? That's really AWESOME!
I actually have a lot since my eyes are ice blue
wolf
storm
ice devil (i hate this one)
blind girl (i dont like this one either)
Athena
the girl with the eyes (stupid right?)
cat eyes
my nicknames are
boops
pookie
dd
yea thats about it
my friend is called bitch tits i at the skatepark idk y but shes fine with it
I'm not sure if my nicknames are weird or strange but they're:
row-row
roanina
andrew (I like this nickname )
anrow
weirdo (only one of my close friend calls me that)
roj
row-anne
an
only got one and some ppl think its my real name, They call me Shaggy
my ex started calling me fang like a month before i found out she was cheating on me. with my female cousin. but yea. bitter-sweet memories
My bassist has recently taken to calling me Guppy
Officer panda... _
I have a lot of nicknames cause of my blue eyes. like.....
sky
sea
wolfy
visioner
dat chick wid da blue eyes(stupid school thing)
Isis ( eye-sis)
@Amii why Gupppy? O_o
IDK .
i am calle sam bo grezzy hillzzz buy my uncle, SAMMIIIIeeee by my Spencer, Clean freak by the people im staying with, my friends call me their Bitch and sammy-boo by my Christi
My friend calls me Boots...and i call her fuck face-- its a two way street lol
I've gotten called mantis,emo mantis,emo jwoww,emo mantis jwoww,Girlie,Em,Emmy,pooh,pooh pooh,pooh pooh bear and ecstacy:X
People call me Peanut Butter
ive been stuck with vex for quite some time but now its starting to change since i lost something important :{ so apparentyl im going back to zero cause that was all i said on one of my first days of school from stage fright
I'm known as dana at school, shortened from Jordana, and most of my close friends now call me Dirty D. Just 'cause im that sexy.
oddly enough my mom calls me

willa-meecha
Knives And Pens, The Death Kid, Voodoo child, Rock Star, Outcast, Vlad and Blood. (hate these)
Ronnie, Benny and Ollie (like/love these)
					
					

I am called JAD-IE that how u pronounce it..... 
It get on my nervous when adults and people. My age say it only. Little. Kids say it b/c the are little. And
It's. Cute...  But that. The only exception. 
Guys. Call me brick wall b/c I am stronger then. Most girl. In school. (Hate It)
my dad. Suger dumping... Yuck!!!! I love. The dude. But really... I was a straight. Up tomboy. When I was younger but he calls me that. 
Luna is a good nickname b/c I love the moon u will find me staring at it a lot. But it wouldn't sink for my family....
My friends call me a lot of random names:  J-Star, Lia, Princess Ezio, Portia, Assassinette, Doodle-Durarara, awkward things like that.
I have lot:
Lol
Lols
Loz
Lozza
Halo- coz my cousin was like 'hey lol, haha, halo!'
Lozls
Lolli
Lollipop

Can ya guess what my real name is?
Lauren, blah
Dopey dozy cow called Daisy...lol
Geigermon the endangered digimon
._____.
The 2 nicknames that proceed me the most are just weird... Jear-Bear is constantly being brought into my life by random people... But the one that I really hate and just can't seem to get away from is Socktopus.... Do not ask why or how I got that name, all I know was I was drunk as hell, high as hell, and sitting in the back of a SUV on top of a pile of random shit.
Besides those 2 I have been called Skeletor because I used to be borderline anorexic, Jer-jer by my niece, and "that kid with the hair".
Katze is my nickname, just not my real 1.
FrazzleDazzle.
Heh.
'Ph'obi-Wan Kenobi. AND I DON'T EVEN LIKE THE RECENT STAR WARS.
Friends call me Black-Man,Wesley Snipes,Shaka Zulu and Slenderman
Random People call me Barry White and Darth Vader
One person person calls me Charlie Murphey for some reason
Usually I'm called Midori, Mido, Mid and a cat ^ ^
well my is akward at school my friends call me mayo as in the product or killer orchid cause ppl say i like to suck the life out of ppl
Steve.
My friend give me different ones all the time...its hard to keep track:
-Boots
-Lillies
-Lilz
-Liz
-Lilo
-Stitch's Lilo
-Lilly
.....i kno their is more but i just dont remember dem
My friends call me Bambie, of the disney film. I don't know why...
I've got Astro and Tarot, given to me by a faded friend.
And piggy, my mother .
I mean, I'm not even slightly fat, I'm clinically underweight .
Cornetto kid, Colliflower kid and gillette fusion like the razor because it apparentely rhymes with Collette, i'm a wiered child. lol
Some people I'm paticullary fond of call me Tigger Stripes. LOL
Hmms....I have been called many things
Soph
Dopie
Sophalcious
Turtle
Doodyhead
Slut xD (inside joke)
Goober
Peanut butter
Soapy
Sophia o
erms..more prolly?
My freind calls me ghostie because I love pac-man xD
Diddles the dominatrix, jooby, dribbles, danur, dano, turtle face, man hands...
( ._ .)
The list goes on.
My dad called me MackieDooDoo cause I always did what he told me to do, Mac-n-cheese, Mackie (not all that strange) my fiance calls me normal nicknames like Baby, sweet heart, baby doll, babycakes x3 a lot of cute things, and my friend Guppii calls me Bambi lol
My Friends Call Me Ally-Ally-:Lexus or Oreos
I don't have nickname...
At school pixie, Finn, Jessie Bear, gir, shorty
Home... Boo o.o lol
yeah my lil bro callz me monkey my dad calls me vamp my friend calls me psycho n my sis calls me loveless
Most of the people I know call me Nell, a nickname to my real one.
My friends call me dahvie 'cause I'm short .-.
Jem calls me Penisplopper ^-^
Someone calls me Teddybear for no reason
my friends will call me there fluffy, lizard, izz. lil girl  and shorty
I was called Sir Meow by two of my best friends. I called him Mr Snuggles though his real name was Andrew and this one girl was nicknamed Miss Kitty but her name was Amber :3


My guy friends call me Toxik
My other friends call me Kitching
My mum calls me fire
My dad calls me Ariel
And my bros call me Deathwish.
I get called icepick by my oldest sister.
I have too many since i have so many middle names

For the first one Lillianna:
Lily, Anna, Lilo, Lily Pad, Ianna

2nd one Magdalena:
Maggy, Mags, Lena

3rd one I'm not saying:(only people really close know this name)
Flo, Dora...ugh /.\

4th not saying this one either: (only puerile really close know this name):
Mish, Shelly, Mitchy
I just got a new one from my dad ..... "ashy knees" T.T he's so cruel
Well I don't have a lot but my cousin calls me poohbear...uh and my closest friends call me Micki
i get called Shelbzz, cheeseburger, gumdrop, unicorn, if i continue i will die from to much listing cp
Oh lord where to begin. There is sugar baby, api, ape ape, boo, thing one, monster girl, hyper child, roadrunner, and gothmo girl (that one is what they called me at school for sum reason lol)
smeagel or gerbil cause i used to have my hair so short xD
Most of my friends call me anniepoo(which is awkward)
But i get called alot of things like: cuddlewuggles, boogly, stitch, dollface._. and i get called thorn alot o.o
My mate calls me Lucy xD that's no where close to my name haha but I kinda like it
In my band i go by MetalMouth
Some friends call me zaraki or Mr.Zaraki 
One of my friends calls me wolfman sometimes and i want to be called wolfy
I have a new one.  Tony homo.  Lol
I had some weird names in the past, my current nickname is Tinkerbell or Tinks, my brother gave me the name.
Nicknames I don't like anyone to call me.
my name is bari but everyone calls me taz short for tasmanian devil idk why
bob mclovinbuff
My friends call me Storm and my family calls me Rose
My family calls me Bubbles, from the Powerpuff Girls. I hate it.
Some people call me the Borgiebaby haha, is that weird?
my nick name is evil genius and i really dont like it
KitKat cuz thats my furrsona's name
Well I have court and corkey and pork and cheese .  .
Yep one of my friends calls me senpai ( I have no idea why), my stepdad calls me storm,  another friend calls me storm storm, my mom even called me a goomba!!! (goombas are those brown mushroom thingys with a unibrow in Mario)
My friends call me Alice
Kitties :3
Kitties c:
While I prefer the taste of kittens, puppy meat is more tender.
I still remain undecided.
Kittens ^ ^
Kittens \(^.^)/
Puppies!
Team umbrella cockateil mother fuckers!
					
					

Puppies.
Kittens!
I'm a kitty person, but I have a puppy and it'd be betraying him if I said kitties so....
PUPPIES!!!!
Kittens
Cats creep me out.
The way their eyes glow in the dark.
And when they rub up against my leg, it gives me the creeps.
maybe you creep them out? o.o
I doubt they would rub up against my leg if they were creeped out by me.
kittens
Kittens.
Hey guys! If any of you  have wattpad and are in need of a good story to read, look up The Immortal Ones and/or Cinderella: Twisted. Both are by Unknownweirdo1999 (ME!!!!!)
Please read them, I'll read you writing in return. 


I have returned!! sort of.... back to the world of ep and away from busy pointless shit. So im kind of back i guess? Hey peeps :3
COLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  
I thought you left forever?
Niqqa u lied.
Which would you rather: Nacho Cheese, Spicy Nacho Cheese, or Cool Ranch?
I like cool ranch.
Cool Ranch. Doritos Rock!
I thought you were a cool ranch kind of guy.
mmh spicy nacho cheese
Spicy
i agree Spicy all the way
Cool ranch
to many times to keep count lol
NONE
Ridiculous amounts, I'm surprised it's not completely dead yet
about 5 times DX
Like once :/ i shud dye it again...
5
I lost count, I have been dying my hair ever since I was like 13
I didn't count but it would be about 40-50... During the last year...
I wasn't doing it so often before but then I became addicted.
now I'm trying not to do it. I'm changing only colours of two little highlights left on my fringe.
Not once.

Plan on koolaiding it to annoy people after Christmas break. Probably go with purple.
once. my mom finally let me dye it again after xmas 


Just 3 times
one...twas a failure
Enough to know If i bleach it too many more times, my hair will fall out. lol
Absolutely none.. but this will change eventually!!!
Once, just yesterday, with heena, i just tried bleaching it with like a lemon, but my hair is super dark black, so the color came like really less, you can only see it in the sunlight, it was actually a fail  but atleast my hair got a lil soft after using it '3
none
None. I like it black and sane. If I do nothing to antagonize, destroy, mutilate or torment it I will rarely ever have bad hair days because it will be obedient and cooperative ^ ^ We have a mutual understanding that way  
None
Zero, never. ever.
Twice. 1. Dark purple. 2. Dark brown.
Ive never dyed it because of stupid school rules but I would love to dye it blue.
I don't know if anyone here plays gta online on 360, but I have a crew, I try to only invite "emo"/Goth people, so I was wondering if anyone on here plays, and if you want to join my crew, it's called Dark Haze Army, PM me if you do
okay so whats your favourite sayings?

mine are:

"Its perfectly sane to be insane in an insane world"


"you dont have to be crazy to be my friend but it sure helps"


"Insanely Insane, Join me? xD "


"Those who matter dont mind and those who mind dont matter"



"Insanity doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result"
"Nothing gold can stay."
"Stay Positive""Stay Gold""Just because you're free to say whatever you want, doesn't always mean you should.""Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game""Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional.""If you aren't happy when you're single, you won't be happy when you're taken. Happiness comes from within, not from men.""I don't associate with people who blame the world for their problems. Because you're the problem, and you're also the solution."
" it is better to have loved and lossed then never to love at all"
"A watched pot never boils"
"Be the change you wish to see in the world."
"A watched pot never boils"


LIES!
The most wasted day is that in which we have not laughed.
~Nicolas De Chamfort~
Narrow minded people are like narrow necked bottles, the less they have in them, the more noise they make pouring it out.
After all is said and done, more will be said than done.
LIES!


You cant handle the truth!
'Don't piss down my back and tell me it's raining'
What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger.


Well they're mostly from the movie white chicks which is: I'm sooooo fricken pist, and triple T, KA...then there's ones i made up like son of a whore, and what the Fuck and a half...but i only mostly say that when I'm extremely pissed off-- like now a days ^.^
					
					

"You were born original so don't die a copy*
i am something u will never understand
'Live every day as if it was your last'
"Don't grow a wishbone where your spine's gonna be."
"I'll get a boob job when you get a dick extension."
"Sometimes a silence speaks the most."
"Why would I have my cake if I can't eat it? I am eating my cake, it is the logical thing to do so back off."
"Stop doing that"
"All Free Men, wherever they may live, are citizens of Berlin. And therefore, as a Free man, I take Pride in the words: Ich Bin Ein Berliner"
JFK while in Berlin
Don't argue with a fool.
They'll drag you down to their level,
And beat you with experience.
					
					

"fuck off and die"-Alien Vampires
"an excellent liars has to memorize each lie"- some random book
"I may appear insane to you people but you people are the ones who look insane to me"-Me
"You may have to deal with me but I have to deal with damn empaths"-Me
"Go sodomize yourself"-Me
"part of me is afraid to get close to people because I'm afraid that they're going to leave"- Marilyn Manson
"Dez-nuts-n-yo-face"
"the pen is better than the sword", "practice makes better" , "if you think of me that way it'll be that way" (the last saying its invented by me)
I'm not a bitch, I'm a cunt. Get it right. 
One day you'll look back on the past and probably laugh.
And mostly anything from Disney movies c:
verpissen und sterben
[german for piss off and die]
"Hm", "Agreed hm" "Verily" "Mare bear" "Slim Jem" "Miss shmee" "Mr. boku"
"That's what she said" 
And
"Have you seen how hot my mom is"
Bloody wanker
I often sit and wonder what motivates people. Why do we say "im sorry"? Is it just to show an act of compassion, when ultimately in my stance it's a waste. It can't change anything that's happened. Just befuddles me as to why, I don't understand. There is no reason, besides emotions... so if you take away emotions.
Question or statement, food for thought! 
When you are in a car wreck, and your legs are crushed,  you have to go through rehab to learn how to live again. Now let's say someone goes through a mental trauma, potentially that can leave you emotionally dead.
"Why explore the universe when we don't kmow ourselves." I've over the past year have reformed my mind to seeing things from every veiw point that is possible. I have no sense of, let's go do this now! Life should be lived outside of time left free not to be bound by the endless ticking of a clock... Take away emotions are you human?
 I think I'll get back to reading but I'll be writting more.
I had this brilliant thoug the other day and it was what if when you went to buy something anywhere thst person paid you. And if you had so much money people wouldn't give you what you wanted. So in order for you to give your money away you had to do acts of compassion.
Help someone across the street here is 5$
The object is to not get money. It would just be fascinating, to me, too live in a world without this averioscious wit. I heard this about this gradation speech on the news and it said in quotes "be a doer not a dreamer" an I found this quote very annoying, because a man once told me "if your not out there building your dream your building someone else's" just one of those things that sticks. But so many dreams today are just about what we can feel, why not dream of eternal things? I just wonder sometimes... it's only the dead that can live. It's like screaming but no one hear's me. Why do we think that hates going to change he heart? It's hard for me to live, there's absolutely no use in explaining it because no one will understand.
I wonder if it's possible to use music to influence life. Playing this progression would make gravity reverse or a C7M could create a whole different shade of light. If we cluld see sound... just a book idea... im fascinated by he ideas of a new color, or reconstructing a piano to where the notes played chords instead of individual pitches unlocking melodic fiths and harmonies never heard before! Imagine a new color are brains fail so quickly.  If we are asked to describe a color, such as white. We are so belittled! We cannot even begin to describe... imagine if someone's veiw or perspective in there physical eye was off even by the slightest millimeter and all of the color spectrum changed. How would they describe what they saw?? How do I know the same green I see is the same as yours? So many thingd we can't begin to understand yet we simply overlook.
Personally I think andy but they are both attractive. Who do u think?
I love them both. And I'd so bang both hardcore x3 lol
Me too lol XD
first off andy's name is not andy sixx it's andy biersack
And I choose him


I think that andy sixx is 'da bombdiggity'
Lol dude rite on!!! XD
I'd much rather slice up my genitals with a rusty butcher knife.
Nasty
If Jayy weren't gay, I'd so tap that, too. 
ANDY 
Andy~
Jealous hoe.
Am not am not am not!!!!
					
					

Andy for teh win
Both plus jayy if he wasn't gay I'd fuck all three
i would fuck andy. ps i know andy's aunt. ps and i would fack jayy von
I'm with Andy aaaaaall the way!!! 
Why do you give a fuck? it's all make up and photoshop. If it ain't natural i ain't tapping it.
as for dahvie... he is a pedophile in drag. what is so attractive about pedophiles?
Definitely Dahvie
Why do you give a fuck? it's all make up and photoshop. If it ain't natural i ain't tapping it.
as for dahvie... he is a pedophile in drag. what is so attractive about pedophiles? check the facts before u talk bout people. K?
April I think you know who i would say and if you don't then bitch you will lol XD... ANDY MOTHER FUCKER XD
April I think you know who i would say and if you don't then bitch you will lol XD... ANDY MOTHER FUCKER XD ok ok ok!!!! Bunny, of course I know ud choose Andy! Ur my bestie of course I'd know!!!!
Neither of them are attractive.
Neither .
Lol theyre both hot to me but ehh. Y'all's opinion count to lol 


I luv'em both but ANDY IS SEXY AS FUQ
^ rite on!!!!
Lol theyre both hot to me but ehh. Y'all's opinion count to lol 
Thank you, for NOT getting all mad at me.
And if they're hot to you, that's ok. Everyone has diffrent preferences on how someone looks.
Andy Sixx...definitely
I miss my topic. Ahhh. *breathes in* hello. Still. Both Andy and dahvie. Hot as hell
i'm the hottest
Yea yea yea watevr u say man
Lol totally matt
No homo and all but Andy for sure
CHAD KROEGER 
Batman
Andy is the hotter one most definatley :3
I must say Andy... I get lost in his eyes There like amazing
LOLOLOLOL I miss my damn topics. They are awesome. Ima start a new one. Y'all I'm bored. Really bored. ANDY!!!!
I change my answer to peanut butter
I change my answer to peanut butter  THAT'S NOT EVEN LOGICAL MADS!!!!! HOW CAN PEANUT BUTTER BE HOTTER THAN ANDY BIERSACK?!?????!!!! Dumbass xD
Hmm.... I would have to say Andy.
ITS LOGIC TO ME
ITS LOGIC TO ME UN LOGICAL LOGIC!!!
AMAZING LOGIC!!!!
NO IT'S NOT!!!!!
					
					

You're rude
Pfffffy. Nuhuh
I'm telling on you!!!!
To who?!
Cole!!!
Bite me!!!! He can't do anything!!!
*bites April*
Ow! *slaps Maddi's arm* no! Bad girl!
Owwwie *cries*
*hugs mads* I sowwie!!
;-; so mean
u r dumb bunny
Whatever lol
Fine then my answer remains Andy
^good!!!!
Andy of course ^.^ Dahvie Vanity makes me wanna scratch my eyes out .
both
Both of them
Neither are attractive in the slightest. Not that you can actually see what they look like with all of that make up on.
Oh god no
yes , i totally understand what you mean and i have felt the same. EP has really changed and i don't know why but i come on now to only see a few people on the list of active people and compared to what it used to be it has changed alot. A lot of my good friends have left too because they rather didn't find the site exciting anymore or some of the people bothered them :\ and it sucks because i really miss them. I dont think the site will die , well i hope it doesn't anyway , its been great being here and meeting all these people but i am worried about it. The fun level also has gone way downnnn , omg lol , like i remember months ago that ' the last person to post wins ' game used to be so active , like i would receive at least 10 notifications from that game alone and now its just dead  i hope it all gets better. yeah , and i remember when we used to have so many new people joining , like id be in chat and a new person would enter one after the other , but now i rarely see anyone new enter and if they do they stay for a few minutes and then leave and i don't see them again , weird O.o. I thought it was because everyone was converting to Soemo instead of EP but i have been on there and cant spot a single person who i used to know , i just see all the people who are active on EP and some people who i dont know D: it just sucks because for me personally i have made sooo many friends here and i think they're all amazing , and i think of this place like a family lol and if EP went down i would be really upset.


eeeeeeeh well. Ive seen em come, watched em go, watched em rise, witnessed it and watched them blow. Watched em all blossom and watched them grow. Watcehd the lawsuits when they lost the dough. Bets friends and money, I lost em both. Didnt really visit them in the hospital tho.
People have lives offline guys. :/
Sure, we all do but they never come back. We do. That's the point here. Why is it that SO MANY are gone?
Cause they did not really connect with the people here.
^ Stahp D: all these adds D: 
					
					

Welcome to the matrix.
I am no longer capable of enjoying a non-cage free, free range egg. The unborn offspring of free, non-mutant chickens just taste so gooooood.
DOES ANYONE HAVE A WATTPAD????
whats that? .-.
I have no clue what that is :\
If I knew what it was I.....would probably not own one anyway. With my broke ass.
I don't have one, but a few of my friends do. It's a site/app where you read and submit stories, poems, fanfictions, ect. ect.
I have wattpad
I have one. I read fanfics there.
Fan fiction... O.o Ewwwwww
My friend, the only person I hang out with, is out of town, I have no idea how long, it might be all summer, and I'm about to die, it's killing me not to have him to hang around with, on the plus side, he's getting to spend time with his brother that he hasn't seen in a while, so at the same time, I am happy for him, these mixed emotions are making me sick. :\
This will give you time to make new friends and to become more independent it seems and to not rely on him all the time, he cant be there for you all the time, he has his own life xD Just make sure you talk as much as ypu two can but dont hang around nor whine for him and he'll be back before you know it
Thanks, that helps a little, and you're right
My initial thought was an inappropriate joke. So, I'll respond with my second thought. Keep on keeping on, and step outside your door. You never know who you'll meet.
There was a blind girl who was filled with animosity and despised the world. She didn't have many friends, just a boyfriend who loved her deeply, like no one else. She always used to say that she'd marry him if she could see him. Suddenly, one day someone donated her a pair of eyes.
And that's when she finally saw her boyfriend. She was astonished to see that her boyfriend was blind. He told her, "You can see me now, can we get married?"
She replied, "And do what? We'd never be happy. I have my eye sight now, but you're still blind. It won't work out, I'm sorry."
With a tear in his eye and a smile on his face, he meekly said, "I understand. I just want you to always be happy. Take care of yourself, and my eyes."
There was a blind girl who was filled with animosity and despised the world. She didn't have many friends, just a boyfriend who loved her deeply, like no one else. She always used to say that she'd marry him if she could see him. Suddenly, one day someone donated her a pair of eyes.
And that's when she finally saw her boyfriend. She was astonished to see that her boyfriend was blind. He told her, "You can see me now, can we get married?"
She replied, "And do what? We'd never be happy. I have my eye sight now, but you're still blind. It won't work out, I'm sorry."
With a tear in his eye and a smile on his face, he meekly said, "I understand. I just want you to always be happy. Take care of yourself, and my eyes."

srsly mfw copypasta
I smell a Nicholas Sparks movie...
Bye Bunny  Ill miss you , you're really cool  
Au Revoir, our friend.
Hopefully we shall see one another again in Valhalla
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODBYEEEEEEEEEEE. c:
Deuces.
What do you think? Are mermaids real, or is the whole concept of them a load of shit?
I completely, 100%, without a doubt, believe that mermaids are real. But that is just me. 
What do you think?
mermaids are not real
neither is bigfoot
aliens probably exist but i doubt they are advanced enough to have visited earth
Ive heard somewhere that when Christopher Columbus rediscovered America, he claimed to have seen mermaids.
I think he mightve just saw dolphins or something.
So no, I dont think they exist.
yes and no....
C: I hope that they are like vampires, werewolves, and zombies. That when they bite you, you become one of them. That'd be so cool!!!
C: I hope that they are like vampires, werewolves, and zombies. That when they bite you, you become one of them. That'd be so cool!!!

you don't want to become a zombie mermaid....
srsly
All I can say is there is still a large percent of the ocean still not discovered. If there are mermaids, I promise you they won't be these beautiful creatures that you can be friend. They will probably be hideous and would eat you whole. Mosr likely at the bottom of the ocean.
Sorry no fish singing under the sea
Lol I still want to be one. Even if I'm hideous and eat humans whole.  it'd be cool.  C: prolly like the ones off if Harry Potter.
srsly
Lol I still want to be one. Even if I'm hideous and eat humans whole.  it'd be cool.  C: prolly like the ones off if Harry Potter.

RIP sane April
I was never sane, dear boy.
I was never sane, dear boy. 

girl....you give me creeps...
srsly
I give everyone the creeps. Get over it. Mermaids 
srsly
srsly
Your profile pic is getting progressively creepier. O.o
Your profile pic is getting progressively creepier. O.o LOL XD
LOL XD

WOOOT!!! Second page!!!! And this is getting so off topic xD 
I'm a Zombie Mermaid lol
k
Zombie Mermaid vs Undead Werewolf 


Zombie Mermaid (me) will always kick Undead Warewolf's (you) ass. No question about it lol xD
srsly
Zombie Mermaid (me) will always kick Undead Warewolf's (you) ass. No question about it lol xD

I will tear your fish ass up.... 


Nigga please. You'll TRY to. But, you will not succeed. Cause I'm a boss, and you, sir, are not.
srsly
Nigga please. You'll TRY to. But, you will not succeed. Cause I'm a boss, and you, sir, are not. 

Don't make my claws angry!!!!
Whatever. COME AT ME BRO!!!!! Ima kick yo asssssss!!!!!!
Whatever. COME AT ME BRO!!!!! Ima kick yo asssssss!!!!!!

-notes down in a notebook-
Things to do when visit America.
1.) Kick Api's fish ass
srsly
srsly

Stop spamming _
You won't kick my ass. You'll be kissing concrete though, when I knock you senseless and kick you to the ground
mfw
You won't kick my ass. You'll be kissing concrete though, when I knock you senseless and kick you to the ground 

Bitch please
4 real u gais
Whale, i thought i was back but i guess i wasnt. But, so not that anyone cares but to my friends. Mainly Ryan and maddi..... and collette. I'll see you guys later maybe? Getting on is going to be rare. Lots of stupid shiz and im pretty busy now. Jobs are gay, and im doing cross country. But if you have any questions about whats up and you are a close friend. feel free to message me and ill respond as soon as i can. By buu-eehs. (buddies)
Byeeeee Cole  i'll miss you
Until we meet again, my fellow compatriot.
O.O
Why do we always have dreams that are like 1 hour long (max) even tho we sleep like 5-8 hours daily???
Explaination :1.) Dream starts hours later you sleep, eg., if you slept for 6 hours and had a 30 min long dream, then it is possible that dream started after 5:30 hours of sleep.
2.) Dream is in sloooowww mooootiiiooon. (which i think happens)
                                       OR
3.) You travel to a parallel universe during sleep and the people there erase your memories from there!!!!!
Any other shitty theories? Or your comments on my shitty theories??? 
Btw i seriously believe in theory no.2.
Dreams occur during the REM stage of sleeping. I'm guessing how long would vary. Youre more likely to remember said dreams when woken up during the REM stage. :
Dreams occur during the REM stage of sleeping. I'm guessing how long would vary. Youre more likely to remember said dreams when woken up during the REM stage. :

whats REM??? ~head in sand~
Really Energetic Masturbation 
I always thought that you dream the whole time, but you don't remember most of them. And even those you do remember, after an hour you only remember like 20% I think.

thats what the people from parallel universe thought us
Actually. Dreams are only 1-3 minutes and we have at least 5 different ones as we sleep. So....yeah.
I learned that in Biology. If I'm wrong, blame my teacher lol
Im gonna throw you all off the edge of the earth
Im gonna throw you all off the edge of the earth

thats so nice of you.... _
Oh I get it. You really aren't going to throw anyone off of the edge of the earth since the earth is round and has no edges...I see what you did there ^ ^

oooh.....
simply because they are not mature
Cause of natural selection. The "weirdos" are bullied, while the douches are popular. You get it? It's like science. A tiger smells a strange scent, they remark their territory and fight off the intruder. Same with gorillas, I would figure. So I assume that it applies to high school. We're all animals at this age.
You know what really sucks? Working two jobs. Walking to get from Point A to Point B because your car broke down. A diabetic without healthcare. The state cutting down on your foodstamps. A death in the family. Your house burned down. 
And you kids think youve got it so damn tough. You havent seen anything yet. Youll wish you were in highschool again after youre out on your own.
You know what really sucks? Working two jobs. Walking to get from Point A to Point B because your car broke down. A diabetic without healthcare. The state cutting down on your foodstamps. A death in the family. Your house burned down. 
And you kids think youve got it so damn tough. You havent seen anything yet. Youll wish you were in highschool again after youre out on your own.

*lucky
Anyone wanna talk? I need friends...
I'm not on very often, but I'm here if you need someone just pm me.
I kinda skipped out on this site for awhile, but I think I might be coming back. If you wanna talk you can pm me and all that good stuff.
Sure
Lezzzzz b frandssss!!!!! Lol JK 
If you need a friend, I'm always fun to talk to. Haha. PM me if ya wanna talk. I'm nice, and I don't bite....too hard.  lol
Sure pm me! 
I'd like to have people to talk too.


Hey guys, the chat is dead and there's no one to talk to.. So lets just talk about extremely random stuff!
I like green tea ^-^
Tea is yummy :3 I walked to a gas station a couple hours ago fer some. But I wish I had a cookie to go with it...
Those cookies and tea will kill you lucky enough I am a fan of coffee..... oh wait
If cookies and tea will kill me, then so it shall be. But wait... You didn't poison my cookies did you?? D:
Needles in your eyes. 
Buttsex. 
Doggies. 
Mickey Mouse. 
Babies. 
STIs
THERE IS MY RANDOM STUFF
Chicken in a bath O.o hmmm
Lets make soup then (:
Gay.
Mooquak!
That's me, where'd you get that? Lol

Woot woot woot woot!!!!! Ahhhhhhhh -sticks tounge out- sooooooooooooooo boooooooooredddd.     pfffft. Noooonsenceee
It's been a long time. Not really. I'm just lazy and didn't get on ep for fahking ever. But I think I become a member for a year pretty soon... WOOT anyways. Hit me up old friends
A year? Thats cute. (welcome back)
Welcome back, stranger I've never ever spoke to before! Haha
I would say something but I wouldn't be able to top your crazy story lmao.
Well i saw that a Long Island Nursing Home was getting sued because they had brought in male strippers to entertain the residents, and there was also that thing about how Yale is threatening to suspend a student for being 5'2 and weighing 90 pounds. I mean these aren't as messed up as that whole "meow meow" thing but yeah, still pretty odd.
A naked man in Florida was killed by police after eating part a teens face off. The narcotics he was on made him immune to tasers and even the first two gun shots. It put everyone on an uproar about zombies over here.
i remeber hearing that. well on upside news, no bombings at marathon this year =D though an 18 wheeler caught fire not too far from the higway there early in the morning
I have a morbid curiosity for this kind of stuff. But it's still hard to process when you hear it the first time. Lets be glad this man won't procreate now that he hacked his dick off.
Well I read that a facebook page called save mickey raise $75000.00 to rescue a pitpull from being put down. Oh and the pitbull ripped a 4 year olds face off but nobody is showing that child any compassion for getting mutilated and losing an eye. Fucking sad huh?
Wtf? O.O I mean, what the FIRETRUCK!
					
					

So I just read this really strange news article about some kid who stabbed his mom, then cut off his penis after taking a drug called "meow meow."
It made me want to ask other people about crazy, fucked up things they've read or seen on the news recently.

wat
why are you asking a website full of teenagers
whats tylenol? o.O
^One of America's leading brand of medicine.
Anything you put into your body may very well be traced in your breastmilk. However, because im pretty sure that Tylenol is mainly just acetaminophen, it should be safe (your baby might get sleepy). Be sure to check the medicine labels before taking them.
If your child is younger than 4 weeks discontinue use and go see a doctor, just to make sure everythings okay.
					
					


Omg... oh my fucking god why?! Why did you not think to ask real medical professionals? Breastfeed? You shouldn't have even been allowed to procreate. The poor kid is fucked.
Omg... oh my fucking god why?! Why did you not think to ask real medical professionals? Breastfeed? You shouldn't have even been allowed to procreate. The poor kid is fucked.
Dafuq?
lol how dumb can you be? your child is doomed
You have got to be fucking kidding me..
Omg, that made me laugh so hard. XD
Damn you trolls.
Hello! 
Administrators, please tell me how to add a video from youtube to a post? 

Thanks!

what would be your perfect first date? 
um it would be perfect no matter what we did as long as i acted normal lol (which i cannot do...shyness Dx and I havnt been on a date before...sadface)
same :C x
going to a concert
To go and see a really shit band with really shit drinks. Idek, it would be cute.
Perfect first date.
A nice Drink with my mates and her mates so we can get to know each other and have fun.
Well as long as I am kind of into the person then I don't care I would just be happy to be with that person  But if I had to say something really lame but cute so it shows they are trying to do something nice
I would not care as long as he/she showed up and I would do all in my power to make it perfect for that person.
I would not care as long as he/she showed up and I would do all in my power to make it perfect for that person.
same here!!! 
goin out with mah ps3
The movies xDDDD get comfortable hanging round each other  no need for awky convos yet
Perfect date would be at the amusement park! 
Perfect first date? 
Well just spending time with that person would already be perfect. But simply, a night with pizza, playing video games or watching funny movies while teasing each other and making funny faces. You don't have to go out of your way to impress me because if you didn't already, I wouldn't have said yes. :3
for it to never end because it's perfect
Someone who actually cared about what I had to say and think, ending up in the bedroom watching tv and cuddling
A perfect first date for me would be just getting to actually hang out with my bf, maybe go out to like a park or for a walk or we could stay in and watch a movie or something...just something simple nothing to extraordinary would be perfect for me
being able to be myself without being called immature or stupid. also, just to watch a flim or 2, eat stuff and have discussions about said movie :3
also someone who accepts me for me and doesnt ask me to change for anything :/
a good time, simple as that
The beach
A picnic and walk through a park would be nice followed by a nice meal in the evening
I don't know...
perfect first date would be to both choose one thing each that you like...do each others choices then at the end go for a meal together, finish the day cuddling up, watching a movie.
a festival would be cool, omg or a picnic Cx
shopping spree at hot topic with the gf!
going to the lake
Me, a girl, wine, video games.
Watching movies at home. 
Im boring.
Going to a crazy concert, that would be great
dinner and a walk would be perfect if i had one
I never had a first date D:
enjoying an activiy together, having a nice dinner while being able to have interesting conversations then maybe a movie to just relax. Would vary here and there.
We would meet eachother first. Then we tell each other about ourselves, and as we do so, we slowly get closer to eachother before we finally kiss. Then we get ontop of eachother and I think you know where this is going. Id rather not perfer to go past second base though, Id do that later
First date, hmm. Just talk and be silly, to be with someone who you never get bored of. As for the activity, probably a walk, anywhere. No movie theatre (2 bad experiences). I would just try to make the date the best I could for the other person :3
Just off the top of my head: Stargazing. There would have to be snacks. Nice music too? Maybe read a book together. I dont know
I read this status on Facebook of a girl who posted,"Today is Easter. Not 4/20 weed day." Needless to say people comment to tell her how ignorant she sounded. Then her mother commented saying,"We live in a Christian family where today is about Jesus Christ. I then commented,"You can still find this day a day of Christ and still smoke weed." Weed is just a plant, not a religion. And this year I enjoy some shitty candy as you said. And hitting a nice ole big dab and many joints with my friends. And I loved my Easter. How you spend yours is on you . I personal loved spending it high.
tell the one thing you would trade anything you have for.  maybe a pet? or a car? or maybe something more? i do not know. you decide.
The one thing that I would trade anything for is to be back with my ex. I've never got over him so yeah that's what I wish
I would trade anything for a pet wolf or panda
Uhm... CAsh. A lot of cash
tough....if i meet the right person i'd say love....a little money would help us both.
for love or a vintage Sequential Circuits Prophet 600 those things are impossible to find cause Sequential Circuits made this in 1982 and discontinued it and  the company I belive ceased to exist
I would trade anything for a girl who i could love and depend on
I would trade anything for the person i Loved
Gerard Butler. I would trade anything for him to just sit there and look at me, for the rest of my life. O.O marriage is optional.
nothing
k.
To showing peoole your tits, dont worry. It happens to the best of us. -.-
Alrighty then.
oh wow O.O (Dont get me wrong)
Wow, you had a lot of interesting experiences! Haha I'm sure they all forgive you. About the flashing of the non existent tits, dw, I've done that too... oh man.
Big mega freakin huge breakthrough in ma life, I have have found the cure for me being an ass, COFFEE!!! I'm freakin wirrrrred, caffeine is ma new best friend. SO HAPPY!! IM HAPPY HAPPY!! :::::))))))
k.
Go in the chat and talk to people. Im tired of reading pointless threads.
					
					

Not trying to be mean here but why?... Another disappointing and wasted thread... *sigh* Now I can't get back those few little seconds of my time that I just wasted here..  /.\
To much coffee, with to much sugar, and it's in the off topic forums, most of the threads here will be pointless.
just like my thread on peanut butter :c
Good for you.
coffee is icky
COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE!!!! coffee actualy makes me calmer
my aunt told me that i'm the cause of everyones hate and that i'm a difficult person to be around. i'm a emo, vegetarian, bisexual who wears dark/neon colors and listens to screamo+rock music. i think every thing here sounds o.k. to me. are there any misunderstood vegetarians/vegans here=)!!!      all are welcome.
Vegetarians are difficult to be around. That's just a fact. Course there's nothing wrong with being vegetarian and it's your choice, but trust me when I say it's gonna stress people out or make them cautious of being around you when food is concerned.
When it comes to food, it is hard for vegans or vegetarians to be with normal meat eaters. 

There's nothing wrong with it, it just makes certain situations a bit more complicated
I've been brought up a vegetarian and people all ways stress about it, just when I go to their houses though. People act like Vegetarians are a whole new breed of people. We simply just don't eat meat. I guess your saying people bully you? Cause if they are it wont be because your vegetarian, I know many vegetarians and none of them get picked on cause their diet. And they're not exactly the most normal people on the planet. xD But vegans and a whole different story, how do those people live!?! DX
i think my aunt just hates me...thats her problem. food isn't an issue. my mom claims she's done trying to figure me out. it's my family in general. they are the ones bullying me....any ways being a vegetarian has given them something else to laugh about. thanks for the comments=)
Whoop veggie here
Being vegetarian doesnt necessarily mean you have a problem eating with meat eaters. I dont. Im vegetarian,  not an animal rights activist. Personally, eating animals disgust me, but Im not going to ruin someone elses appetite bitching about it...
Sometimes, when I go to family dinners, they roast a chicken and carve it in front of me. Sometimes it is nauseating,  and I have to excuse myself for a bit. but I dont make a big deal about it. I dont think anyone would consider me being a vegetarian unbearable. If I did make everyone know how much I disapproved of eating chicken, well yeah, then I could see where people would get angry with me. 
But thats just being annoying.
I am a vegetarian too :3 And I agree with yeswaitno!
Please tell me I'm not the only one! ;-;
I use to not any more
i looooooooooooove pokemon
My favourite pokemon are Gengar and Dratini 
My favourite pokemon are Gengar and Dratini 
Mew is my homie.
ninetales is a boss, along with dragonair and raichu
I love Pokemon!! I don't really like the new generations though...
Did everyone forget about Pikachu?!?!
Fuck them Genwunners
I love all of the generations 
although the anime is a terrible disappointment
you're not lol XD
Teheheh ^-^ i love  pokemon!!!!!
ive completed red,yellow and blue !! the new ones can suck my dick tbh
Mew. End of discussion.
BUT THEM LEGENDARY POKEMON DOE.
Loved untill Gen 5...then not so much anymore...
I really enjoy pokemon as a kid, but I got to say now, it's a little played out
POKEMOOONN!!!XD pokemon is awesome!XD i love every single one!XD and for everyone who that only likes the first generation...m sorry you never had a childhood to begin with:(
No i love them B|
yes i like neotwo
I loved pokemon.
But then it started getting gay after the sinnoh region...
Yes, love pokemon! Especially Luxray :3
I still do  always play it on my 3ds
I liked the new 3D pokemon game but still, I'm waiting for the pokemon game that will top generation 2.
Are we talking about the game or the show? o.o
Both, I suppose! I am re-watching the anime, and still play the games. It is so nostalgic XD
The anime was ashloseslol. It was perfect for kids who think being the 16th best was ok and you should strive for that
PIPLUP
CHIMCHAAAARRRR.
Yeah so I stopped watching the anime after the sinnoh region (saga?). I still play the games though.
I have pokemon black, white, ruby, emerald, sapphire, x and y. o.o I find myself trading hacked pokemon throughout the day. 
When Im in the mood, Ill watch Gotta Catch 'Em All on Netflix. ;3 I absolutely refuse to watch any episode after diamond and pearl for 2 reasons. One, its gay. And two, theres too many damn pokemon, I cannot keep up. Its a hassle. There are few pokemon I like that dont fall within the original 150.
					
					


well?
Stewie is my homie.
Stewie and Brian are awesome.
I 
Brian is cool
eh...
Brians the best
I don't give much attention to it  if it's on the television I will leave it, but I won't try to watch it on purpose.
Stewie is hilarious XD
i watch it when there is nothing elese on. i think it kills brain cells.
It seems today,That all you see,
Is violence in movies,
and sex on T.V.
But where are those good old fashion values....
On which we used to rely?!
Lucky theres a family guy!
Lucky theres a man who,
positively can do,
all the things that make us...
laugh and cry!
He's a Fam-ily Guy!
Yesss, I love it
brian 
I like it but the newer episodes...they just got super fucked up with their jokes. XD
Its funny as hell when youre stoned.
*raises hand*
Giggedy
Many people like Family Guy for it's immature jokes and sense of style, on the other hand that throws many others off. I am somewhat in-between, some episodes are funny as hell, and others are cringe worthy.
Thats a damn good question. Why does everyone hate meg? Shes not ugly. XD
Meg isn't ugly though, she looks like a normal girl. Meg IRL would be considered a decent looking chick.
There are far worse looking chicks IRL and meg's the "ugly" girl they created?
ummm so ive been talking to this guy for a couple of months and i really like him so i asked him out yesterday and he said maybe so i was unsure what that meant.
then what i didn't understand was that he called me sweet heart and said i was really pretty today so i have no clue what's going on with us..
any advice????????????
Why dont you ask him? Maybe you should talk to him a bit about this
maybe hes unsure he likes your personality enough
Talk to him about it. communication is the key.
talk with him otherwise u will regret afterwards believe me
Maybe he just needs more time to think but he's slowly getting used to the idea of you two together. But as the others said, you should talk to him about it. And if he doesn't want to date you, then tell him to stop playing games with your head.
Is it just me or is this place... Dead? :/
It used to be a lot more busy around here, but I wouldn't say that it's dead.
If it is then I would be worried because the dead eat the living and I am very much alive...also ill prepared for post zombie apocalypse  
Meh it can be at times
Depends on the day
I just returned so I have no idea if it's dead
Which would u either be a vampire or a wolf ??
I would so be a vampire girl
Vampire. 
But not the gay shit like Twilight. I love vampires. Almost every book I read for entertainment had to deal with vampires.
i'd be a Wolf.
I'd be a wolf! Most definitely!
vamipre. just because i love vampire diaries, from that show i would be elena.
Secret option C: I would be a cat ._.
Vampire, seems like more fun would be had being one ^.^
Vampireeee *_* I've always wanted to be a vampire!
vampire is cool i think u have all the time in the world to do what ever u want
Vampire, for sure
I like vampires more then wolves, this is twilight so why not
i need som one to tlk to abt alot of stuff
I'm here if you ever wanna talk c:
yes maddi i nedd friends. lol
Lol Madison people know I'm always here for talking xD
anyone can talk to me
I don't bite
Chat away to me anytime
Google find a friend
always welcome in my world
Meeeee toooooo!!! :3 I'm one of the nicest people here
Find someone then? Make friends
Depends if the guys gay or not, if he's gay then option 1 is the worst as you cant change a guys preference from being attracted to other lads. But if he's bi and likes both sexes then option 2 lol
Either predicament is equally repulsive.
Guy cheating on girlfriend with another girl because me and boyfriend talked about this..I would get pissed if it was another girl...another guy???idc that's sexy!!
guy cheating on for another girl is worse. Same sex cheating just doesn't seem as bad.
it's cheating...sssssssssssoooooooooooo...both
Well if she had no idea that he was gay or bi, then I say the second option...
its cheating, theyre both the same
I think it's the same thing since cheating is cheating no matter with what gender. 
But if your boyfriend was never gay and cheated on you with another guy...sounds like you were so horrible that made him turn gay. XD
I think this is where double standards come into play,
either way it doesn't matter, he has disrespected his love for her, the relationship should no longer be.
their is no excuse to cheat on your loved one.


The first one.
first choice
Guy cheating with a guy. Totally worse. Cause they have something the girl doesn't (a penis).
The First One.
haha ok, to all those girls who have different opinions in guy types, why dont you name one of the hottest guys you have ever seen.

i'll start

ANDY SIXX  YUMMMMM!
ronnie from etf yum
ronnie from etf yumYUMMMMMMM!
hehehe *drools*
ooh ooh! i like oli sykes, isnt he hott! ohhh, i want him to marry me and have his babies.
yes! i can see it now, mr.BennySykes  lol

haha you make dropdead babies
yesss yess dropdead babbies *melts in pleasure*
You people are scary. But I agree with sykes.
scary? i dont think i could scare a fly:P 
i may suprise you though
oh dear I'm a guy.
and I'm in the thread.
what bad luck.
^^^ 
true, true
Sunny Moore and Davey Havok
ooh just thinking about it now *melts in pleasure*

bloop

.__.
I would have to say Frank Iero and I agree with Andy Sixx and Gerard Way, they are yum~ ._.
I r yum.
it is decided. xD

to stop being egotistical 
and drop back into reality
ville valo is the sex.
end of.
he's cute. not hot.
but still cute:P
bryan money monte --cuuuuuute
know what? im cute. thats what.
Alex Evans would have to be one the hottest guys EVER!! right along with Andy Sixx. He's smexy!! XD
No, Jamie Eason is the hottest girls. Her and Marzia Prince.
Alex Evans would have to be one the hottest girls EVER!! right along with Andy Sixx. He's smexy!! XDumm... andy sixx and alex evans are guys DUHH! and agreed, they are both hottness
you know what i think? prince. thats right, Prince. the one who allways wears purple. he is THE SEX. literally. ive never listened to his musicc... i'll do that now.

*listens*

*sex*
LOL....
i dont think this is girls only anymore .
ehhm, prince? 
*shudders* my mum lieks him
LOL....i dont think this is girls only anymore .oh, but all the gus in this thread are my sisters so practically they are girls
damn right sista. whens our pedicure evening?
haha tomorrow, continued by a spa massage thingy!
be there or be square!
no, i want to b rectangle!!
good. im an isosceles triangle
oohhh~ so hard to choose here~i'd say Alexi Laiho of CoB or Ville Valo~
Alex Evans would have to be one the hottest girls EVER!! right along with Andy Sixx. He's smexy!! XDumm... andy sixx and alex evans are guys DUHH! and agreed, they are both hottness opps wasn't paying attention to what i was typing. .
I 
andy is SUPA special!! 
lolz
no wai...
I've seen it all before
/yawn.
boring.

villes got a...unique look :3
hes too.. eastern european for my liking.
yeah, 
and i think the two most hottest chick singers are P!nk and Haley Williams :3
mmm haley.. mm.
NUUU. I CONCUR, the hottest girl singer, most definitely, without a doubt is EMILIE AUTUMN.


minor edit.. i just realised emilies anitials. EA. xD
zonkkk! she totally slipped my mind!
she is the SEX!
*dribbles*
*melts*

haha you dribbled
haha dribble :3
but yeah, i lub her, i want her babies.
ben is sexy.
I would
who wouldn't?! d:
WHAT.
he's Finnish!
what's not sexy about that??
I agree about Emilie Autumn being one of the hottest female singers -.-' Shes just.... Emilie Autumn. xDDD Need I say more?

 uhhhh dudes.... 

ELTON JOHN!!!

wait... that won't work.... .
Luke Nugent is a total babe (:

Andy Sixx, Alex Evans, Oli Sykes, Ben Jorgensen, Vic Fuentes 
yes, yes he is
I love Ronnie Radke and Bryan 'Monte' Money from escape the fate. 
ronnie from escape the fate, andy sixx from black veil brides and max green from escape the fate oh and i also think se7en from brokencyde is hot
chris dakota
Se7en from Brokencyde and Alex Evans
- can i join on in this delightful conversation? xD
Of course you can, Alex. Go right ahead.
I would have to say Frank Iero and I agree with Andy Sixx and Gerard Way, they are yum~ ._.genard way was before he cut his hair
Andy Sixx 
The lead singer from Dead Poetic is hot.
thats his name? but yeah, he's hot.
yeah thats his name
yeah, Gerad Way is sexy too, and so is Patrick Stump is kinda cute too i guess
yeah, Gerad Way is sexy too, and so is Patrick Stump is kinda cute too i guessMeh.. Gerad was in the "I'm not okay" Video
yeah, he was, he looked noseless, idk why, lol.
yeah, Gerad Way is sexy too, and so is Patrick Stump is kinda cute too i guessnot really a big fan of patrick stump
well i mean his singing is good but his looks eh just not a fan
OH and Adam Lambert is fucking sexy 
yeah he is even though hes gay hes still hot
_ -no comment- i'd totally bone him XD
...
xD
Wohhhhh!!!!!!!!!! 2 much info Ea but very true  i have a pic but i'm not gonna show it .
*looks and melts*
i'd like 2 leik him. but theres the problem of ALL the gay boiz being cute ... why is god so cruel 2 us girls...
trace cyrus
lolz
trace cyrushe is hot but he would be better if he took off the cyrus part
trace cyrusMeh.. I like his hair. =/
its okay. _
romeo.
oh and Bam Margera is hawt 
Ur crazy!
xD i ish i ish..
Lol I no u are!
Adam lambert is cute.
Alex evans 
Andy sixx
and um... More ppl but I can't think.
me...xD kidding
Oh sure.
I want some jello.
Alex..... Adam lambertXD
xd
U are dirty! I knew it.
yeah i am _ get used to it xD
Lol ur sassy! And dirty.
I have already startedXD
gewd
Heehee:)
I learn fastXD
lol dirty. Don't worry. I dirty to. Most every one is.
xD yup
So u no alot dirty ppl to,huh?
Lol:)
somewhat.
Idk. I want to be the last to reply. Adam lambert.
fucking gay.

sassy much!? lol
yupperZ.
Andy Sixx, Oli Sykes and Matt Tuck!!!!!!!!!!

Yummyy! 
andy sixx all the way

ok.
Andy Sixx is gorgeously delicious 
no, he's a fucking sexy beast 
Completely and totally agreed.
damn right you better agree XD
XD Yes, master **Bows down to Alex**
XD naow, give me sugar coob.
**Hands Alex a sugar cube**
-eats it- thank you Jacquie, i am appeased.
Your wish is my command, Sir Alex.
I love Ronnie Radke and Bryan 'Monte' Money from escape the fate. 
I love Ronnie Radke and Bryan 'Monte' Money from escape the fate. 
adam lambert id sai lol 
XD
Adam Lambert is insanely hot. But he's gay. Oh well. He's still insanely awesome! GAY PRIDE!
Adam Lambert is insanely hot. But he's gay. Oh well. He's still insanely awesome! GAY PRIDE! yay sum 1 agrees  !!!!!but he gay  i didnt no tht o faught he were bi?o dear *crys*
i don't see how hes hot, kinda cute, but not hot...
Adam Lambert is insanely hot. But he's gay. Oh well. He's still insanely awesome! GAY PRIDE! yay sum 1 agrees  !!!!!but he gay  i didnt no tht o faught he were bi?o dear *crys*I agree too! Adam Lambert 
david archuleta!!!!!!!!!!!!!
um..andy six (:
ummmmm hello taylor lautner .god u peopple have no sense in hottness
haha ok, to all those girls who have different opinions in guy types, why dont you name one of the hottest guys you have ever seen.i'll startANDY SIXX  YUMMMMM!MADDHATTER!!!!!!!!!!!
haha ok, to all those girls who have different opinions in guy types, why dont you name one of the hottest guys you have ever seen.i'll startANDY SIXX  YUMMMMM!MADDHATTER!!!!!!!!!!!um hello OLI SYKES total hotie mic hot hot
Andy Six!!! And M. Shadows!! LOVE them both!!!
I wuv them to
Gerard Way. I don't care if you hate him but yum
Oliver Sykes! 
Im just gonna put this out there. Christopher drew ingle! Hello? He has hottness all over him..and i love his hippieness
O.O I FUCKING LOVE HIM!
i thought adam lambert was hot
as long as he has awesome hair, I dont fuckin care.

I love my ex, ):Skylar Remon:(

u tore my heart in 2
now i fuckin hate u
i miss u still this very day
but 4 now i run away
 xoxo
Ok...well...anyways changing the subject. CHRISTOPHER DREW INGLE 
alex evans
Ohhh... Yummy;) heehee:D
he is hot lol
hello:D
hi. and btw i think andy sixx and jensen ackles from the tv show supernatural r HOT.
I happen to like Martin from BLG(: 
But I also like Alex Evans(:
HAS to be andy sixx!
he is unbelievably gorgeous!
Max green, christopher drew ingle, andy sixx,  comicfire7 from youtube, trace cyrus are all hot to me  oh, and se7en from brokencyde is hot in some pictures.
ok. i got 2. jesse smith and matthew shultz
Jacoby Shaddix and Andy 6!!!!!!!
umm Andy Sixx, Bill Kaulitz....
oh and Avan Jogia from Victorious...yummy 
umm Andy Sixx, Bill Kaulitz....oh and Avan Jogia from Victorious...yummy 
hi-c...*moan*
Kellin FREAKIN Quinn
kellin Quinn
andy six
nail horan
Orlando bloom
Jordan from ready set
hi-c...*moan*
^lol
Micheal Vampire
Marilyn Manson
Davey Havok (pre Crash-Love album, preferably during the Decemberunderground album, but I'm not too picky)
ANDY BIERSACK
ZACKY. VENGEANCE.
that is all. 
Meh I don't fan girl over male celebrities.  
I guess I'm weird .-.
Andy Biersack (Sixx) and Cameron Ugh
Meh I don't fan girl over male celebrities. I guess I'm weird .-.


You're not alone. I don't either really. When I was younger I did but now I believe I outgrew it. Male celebrities: there's a lot of good looking ones I won't lie but I know deep down I'll have no chance with them. Rather like someone who I can hang out with and talk too who isn't famous but that's just my perference. When I was growing up, all the girls loved J.T.T. or Devan Sawa, haha. Or The Backstreet Boys.


omggg, I would have to say Gerard Way too! And Julian Casablancas *_* and Ian Somerhalder!!!
ok, so i had a dream i was leaving the school with my friends when i turn around for some reason and get shot like 20 times in the back. i didnt die or anything the bullets were just sticking out of my back and they were huge like shotgun bullets so i went to the hospital to get them surgically removed and they were telling my they couldnt give me pain meds or make me pass out so i flipped shit. and then my dream ended o.o
That's a pretty weird dream o-o
Haha sorry weird dream and all but ur name is and you had a dream of being shot
Haha sorry weird dream and all but ur name is and you had a dream of being shot


omg, that totally ironic xDD i did not even think about that till now
omg, that totally ironic xDD i did not even think about that till now


Haha yeah it just kinda popped out at me pretty funny but very weird dream
What are you smoking? o.o
Theres already a topic posted about "middle names". Can you stop spamming? 
					
					

I didn't know...
Two of the same topics in a row? Can you say...Welcome to the Twilight Zone?
Parents didn't care enough to give me one.
not really
yeah me and my sister r kind of like bffs
Yes. My 2 brothers and I are like super close. I wouldnt have it any other way.
My brother and sister are 13 and 11 years older than me, respectively. I get along swell with my brother, he's a really cool person and I love him. But my sister is a meth addict who is in and out of jail all the time, and constantly tries to rob us blind. I fucking hate her and literally as I type this, my mom is picking her up from jail.
Yes. For the most part we do. I have 2 younger sisters....now they r the ones that fight. They're cool
my lil bro hates me, but i get along with my sister for the most part
Ya for the most part. I rarely get to see him so that's probably why we don't argue or fight.
yes with my other siblings but not with the oldest, he tries to rape me
yes actually
same here ^
I get along with my older brother only...my older sister and my lil brother as complete a-holes
My sisters and I hardly ever talk, but when we do, we don't manage to argue all the time but we have a love/hate realtionship/sister rivalry but I know they love me and the know I love them
iv got one older brother he likes to hit me alot but i take it and fucking hit him back iv got 3 sisters the youngest and i get along okay the other 2 we have are moments of peace but they act like idiots and starts fights all the time over stupid shit so not so much im the oldest so i take care of all of them whenever watch over them like a big sister should even if i dont get along with them i keep them out of trouble and stop most of the fights...yayy right
Me and my older brother are like best friends. Me and my twin broth are like a hate love relationship . My older sister are like best friends also but we have alot of moments where we want to kill each other
both of them...but in a get along way
My brother and I didn't get along very well for a very long time. We would beat the hell out of each other because we plain didn't like each other. It wasn't even like a family rivalry or anything, we just, didn't like each other at all. Recently though, we've been getting better.
Yepyep, currently living in my sisters flat
My two half sisters are ghetto and idiots. 
So no. We do not get along.
I have 3 older sister and I love them even if they have there ghetto moments.(i do too). My older brother is awesome even if he never lats me win at black ops. Then my little sister (who is 6) is annoying and tries to do everything i do but i love her anyway.
I have a younger brother and sister. Zack is 13 and a little shit head. Steal my oreos why don't you? Bah! And Bob is 4 months old. Her real name is Marley, but I call her Bob... geddit? Bob Marley. Badum cha! Ohh I'm funny. I hate her as well, ever since the step-monster had her, she's completely ignored me. Bah! Family, can't live with em, can't live without em
I have an older sister, but she is married and lives in another state.
So sometimes, it feels like I am only child because I rarely see her and I am just here with my mum. Haha.
Nope never only sometimes
Well not much...cuz my brother and my sister always end up disscussing or fighting...I mean WTH also they're younger
Well... My mother was not my father's current wife around the time i was conceived so there was always some kind of tension on the 3 sides... but my half brother and I are more grown now and we don't let the bitterness get to us. Back in the day sure we where feed into despising each other by our parents and playing this blame game. Everything is cool now.
Yup, very well
Yeah got a younger bro and we get on alrite, gotta look out for him with some of the scumbags out there!
.
I have older sister and 2brothers. we don't live together
Well my oldest sister eh..she always think she's some damn geniass..(genius) and my oldest brother..I hate when my mom spoils him..he isn't a child ..and my older brother,we don't have the same mom so I rarely see him but he cool..but we all manage to get along some how
I get along with my sister and brother, as well as my 5 step brothers c:
sometimes but not alot
I used to get along with my sister alot except for the couple of arguments over a toy or something, rarely happened though. I don't know how we'd get along now as I haven't seen her for four years, I don't really spend time with my older brother, he has a disability and lies every time he speaks, I hate liers, and he still loves our biological mum when I don't cause I hate the way she treated him so I don't know what you'd say whether that's silent getting along or what.
Battle of the sexes comes to mind when i saw this topic.
have none, im quiet thankful for it after what I hear from others experience with siblings...
the worst part is that you get way to much attention from the parents... because im all they have -,-
Sometimes.
One sibling is deceased. My older four brothers... eh, we're pretty close. We dont see each other often, but every time we do, we all wrestle each other to the ground. We just pick up where we left off.
MY SISTER.
this bitch. Before she graduated from highschool, she was as amazing as could be. Just peaches and cream.
Now shes a whore. Fucking whatever she wants to, when she wants to. She got pregnant, broke up with her babys daddy and gave her baby to states custody because (and I QUOTE) "I found a new boyfriend. I only live in one hotel room. I couldnt take care of them both."
So I took custody of her child. Now I feel like single parent, working two jobs, feeding her, putting her to sleep. Im a full-fledged parent.
So she gets evicted from her hotel for fighting. And now shes couch surfing. And in her spare time, shes on the run or in jail. I tried to help her, but she attacked me, because shes jealous I have her child.
Smh.
Bitch is cray- cray.
yes with my other siblings but not with the oldest, he tries to rape me WUUUUUUUUUUT?
					
					

Nope, they all pretty much hate me c:
yeah i do
I do, we mostly stay out of each others way.
GUMMYBEARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THEY WIN HANDS DOWN
OH MY GOD!!!
GUMMY BEARS XD!!!!!!
Neither D:
one thing i cant understand what kind of people likes gummy worms?????!!!!??
What kind of people like gummy bears?
I love both but i like the bears more *cute smile*
gummy bears make everyone happy so gummy worms can go back to the dirt ground
Not everyone, because I don't like either lol.
awww . They all taste the same X). The sour ones are the best !!
They taste the damn same....!
THE HELL THEY DO!
*wouldnt know*
omg Mickey!
I don't like them D:
so...so you never bit a bear's head off?
Well... I have... But I don't like it ;-;
D: why's??
I've never liked gummy bears or gummy worms. D:
do u like gummies?
No not really.

I like gum though.
it's chewy... close enough X).
Yay!!!!!
tee-hee
I hate peppermint gum though D:
same. its gross
Spearmint is my favorite :3
nasty to
Nuuuu D:
yesh
But I love it.
lol fine.
xD
iwant a motorcycle
Omg me too.
it woulds be so awesome!
...Gummy Bears  Gum  and Motorcycle. What just happen here XD?
We're all random what do you expect lol.
LOL very true xD
XDDDD
CONFETE CANNON!!!!!!!!!! :3
Omg. I would on,y want one if I didn't have to clean up afterwards.
okies..so I like :
Gummy bears because they are cuter....but
GUmmy worms are fun to bite in half and stuff
					
					

Gummy Bears ALL THE WAY!!!!! You can bite their heads off and they dint fight back!!!!! lol
i luvgummybears :3
Gummy bears kick ass. You can bite their heads off, throw them at the wall, throw them at your friends, throw them at your pets, throw them at your tv...And what are gummy worms good for?NOTHING.
They taste the damn same....!sooooooooooo damn is a bad word sir and even though gummy bears have feelings so its better to bite their heads off and gummmy worms are just worms so eat them they dont give a shit that my good sir is why i concluded gummybears are wwaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy better plus they super fucking cute like a fuckin motherfucking cute thingy ma bo b shit thing.....uhhh they just cute okkiii XDD
I like gummy bears but i love sour gummy worms i dont want to decide but i agree with mickey never been into them only ate them when i was little
i love sour gummy worms. i'd eat them everyday if i could 

but then i'd probably get sick of the taste after awhile, but still
gummy bears !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gummy bears c:
i love sour gummy worms. i'd eat them everyday if i could 

but then i'd probably get sick of the taste after awhile, but still 
Same, I like sour gummy worms.
But unsour gummy worms and bears taste the same.
I wouldnt have a preference if they made sour gummy bears.
fruit roll ups
fruit roll ups
Yo, thats not  an option. lol
I guess fruit roll ups are kind of gummy though.
gummy bears hahaha.
Gummy bears ^.^
gummy bears it is
Bears
I was suppose to upload videos but I erased them all cuz they sucked and I sucked on youtube so now I mainly use it to view some videos
Youtube is more of a side habbit I get on, I mostly use it to watch random talk videos when I am sad, or get help if I am doing something.
mostly watch The Amazing Atheist, and random fail compilations. also listen to music.
I mostly watch the weirdest shit know to mankind. But most of the time I watch Bryan starz interviews lol
I watch funny videos 
it music videos
I watch anime and trey melvin (I will always be black inside and out)
I spend my YouTube days on pewdiepie, Shane Dawson, and smosh :3 ALSO RED VS BLUE heheh
I watch danisnotonfire, amazingPhil, Shane Dawson, Smosh, The Fine Bros, Jenna Marbles, Sergio Razta, RaztaVlog, Quirkology, Vsauce, Christian Novelli, Charliesocoollike, Crabsticks, KickthePj, and so many other things .
HOW ANIMALS EAT THEIR FOOD!!! funniest shit out bru.... oh and shane dawson, the annoying orange, Fred Figglehorn, Ya know random crap. watch Bad Lip Reading, more specifically the Twilight ones... funny stuff
I'm really into watching Damon fizzy now
Rooster Teeth, achievement hunter, and pewdiepie
i make really random vlogs about nothing in particular xD but some people actually like them so hey why not? cx
DEEFIZZY!!!!
Porn... Nah just kidding xD I watch music videos and tutorials for guitar, piano, make up, etc. Sometimes I would check out serious things like documentaries and educational videos for school.
my life gets so boring that I need stuff to entertain me.
Well for starters I usually watch channels like OMG KON And Dr D that post videos on the game Dance Dance Revolution. Other than that, it's usually anything I feel like watching at that time.
Smosh, Damon Fizzie, Shane Dawson, Dan is not on fire, amazing Phil, Swoozie, Jenna Marbles, Jordan Sweeto, Vsauce, Buzzfeed,  Sergio Razta, Anna Akana, Ray William Johnson, Marina Joyce, VeeOneEye, and a lot more YouTubers ^.^
Tomska all the way
Capn' Des Des, Got Drums, So Close to Toast, Zero Punctuation, Shuffle Videos, Vines and music stuffs.
Nerdcubed, True Facts, and Two best friends play.
Mostly music videos, but i do watch onision and Danisnotonfire sometiems..
VeeOneEye
Hailedabear
Jordan Sweeto 
Des and Nate 
Cameron Ugh
for songs
music videos and random vlogs i come across. oh and videos of baby animals c:
I did infact say that they arent always accurate, lol. And the idea was to think of someone you know, someone you can name from the top of your head.
Saying this isn't always accurate is an understatement at best. Accuracy doesn't even come into this, it's clearly just something someone came up with off the top of their head... and I would go as far as to say that said person is not very smart.I know it's just a bit of fun but I do get a little irritated by things like this.
Anyone watch The Walking Dead? I'm still on Episode 409. Can you believe in the game they make you choose killing you're self to save Clementine or Kill HER to save you're self?! I saved her and killed myself.
The comics oh shit... I'm talking about 2003 here. Ah wait you where all just toddlers back in the day... the shit still makes me feel old. .'
I'm all caught up with the show, the games? I'm getting there.
Just post any nonsense here! That's what I made this for right? Just do it!
Hey anyone want to text 6824381126
I approve of this post.
OMG!!! And u didn't inform me about this after this happened whyyyy?! Are you ok?! Don't answer that. Stupid question. Are you gonna be ok?
Yeah, I'm sorry, I should've done that. I'm better now. I still get pain in the areas of the wounds, but no concussive symptoms.
Hmm I always wonder why people have a best friend I dont believe in best friends u till them everything but then hey become a humans worst enemy
I have two very close childhood friends. We have arguments on occasion, but I still consider them both my best friend. Ive lost tons of friendships, but thats because people grow out of friendships over time. Theyre not particularly bad people, you just grow apart.
I suggest just making new friends and building bonds with them over time. Open up to people.
Even a best friend can become distant just like any other person. But Yah, it is always worth having one. Just choose carefully what you tell them and not let it always be one sided. You usually can just tell if they are someone you can trust.
Yes but sadly I don't have a true best friend that is all ways there for me
If you don't have a family member who you can go to when you need to talk, what are you going to do? Everyone must have someone to talk to, to confide in, to look to for comfort; a shoulder to cry on. If that person is not related to you either by blood or marriage, then most likely they are your best friend.
The only person I really count as my best friend is my sister.
Absolutely! A best friends gets you through the thick and thin.. one you go to when no one else is ready for what is on your mind.
I'm guessing you've had a bad experience with best friends, but that's okay. Everyone in their life time has a negative experience with someone they thought was they're best friend (trust me I've had like 7 experiences) but that doesn't mean you should give up on having one. It great to have a best friend, especially one that gets you, you've known for a long time and is ALWAYS willing to hang out and talk. I've known my best friend for like 2 years (since he started dating my friend) and he's a great person to be around, he's really helpful too ^.^
I love my two bestfriends to death, and I count on them for everything.  They are so worth having. Because they will always be there when you most meed them.
It's all good and all until they decide to attack and injure your knee with a steel chair
If emos had a best friend they would'nt go around sobbing about how lonely they are or how no one understands them. So the question should be.... "Should I put off making friends so I can keep my emo/loner status so I can applea to people?" Every time you fucking whine for sympathy the oppertunity to make friends arrives but you hard heads choose not to pleased with others.

 Sure hipsters and normal people aren't good enough for you. (Fuck look at yourself, how dare your ass hold certain standards in the first place) But when you have a fuck ton of people with the same anti solcial disorder how is it that you're still alone? You want to be alone and misunderstood and a victim. That doesn't make for ideal friend material. So no. You dont need a best friend you need a therapist.
Recently, I've been flailing my arms around alot.  How 'bout you?
wen theres shampoo or soap on the shower walls i hav to clean it off...
n lately iv been sitting in a ball (wiv the knees against my chest)
Tapping pens or my hands on something

Poking my tongue out of my mouth when I have nothing to say or when I'm thinking

Biting my lip

Playing with the chain on my wallet

Messing with my ring


OhGod. I could go on forever.
Tapping pens or my hands on somethingPoking my tongue out of my mouth when I have nothing to say or when I'm thinkingBiting my lipPlaying with the chain on my walletMessing with my ringOhGod. I could go on forever.you're very fidgety XD. I've been sticking my tongue out at pplz too alot recently XD I'm biting my headphones wire, like normal. Lolz
					
					

i bite my lips n play round wiv my sleeves
you're very fidgety XD. I know I am. I really could go on forever xD
I know I am. I really could go on forever xDLawlz! XD
hahah amii do u move around al lot in bed wen u sleep??
I bite my lip and scratch my arm when I zone out. And when I sleep I stop breathing like every 3 minutes. ....
i tend to twist my legs round n intwine them together if that makes sense
Well let's seee... I chew the wire on my headphones, make duck faces with my septum piercing, when I listen to music I always do little dances in my seat xD. I play with my cartilage earrings when I'm bored. There's just so many
I ALWAYS hum a song or something
It's actually annoying me but i can't help it
I MASTURBATE MUCH TOO FREQUENTLY
Lawlz! XDWell, it's true?Don't make me try. I WANT TO LIVE
I WANT TO LIVEAwww, but why?? XP
I ALWAYS hum a song or somethingIt's actually annoying me but i can't help it XD


I MASTURBATE MUCH TOO FREQUENTLYOHH GAWD LOL .
i have this... this habit of picking at my fingernail polish... its disgusting and i wanna stop so bad! "cries" people hate me for it
i sumtimes do that too ^
i have this... this habit of picking at my fingernail polish... its disgusting and i wanna stop so bad! "cries" people hate me for itYou mean like biting it off or sutum? Get a kind that tastes really bad so you don't wanna bite it...
ummm....I tend to start singing the songs that Im listening to.... lolz sometimes even when its BOTDF xD not good when in class haha
staring out the window
ummm....I tend to start singing the songs that Im listening to.... lolz sometimes even when its BOTDF xD not good when in class hahaXD I can see it now... NOT THAT IT! lawlz...Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooof
Lolz haha I know aye xD
i bite my hand
i bite my handOMFG CANNIBAL!!!!!!!!!!!!! 8OEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!!!!!!!!!!
haha i do it wen im in a biting mood
I make pffffft noises alot...n talk about unicorn on leperchaun hate crimes....
^

...

pffffffffft No you don't!!!
haha i do it wen im in a biting mood *gulps*I'M OUT! I AM OUT!!!!!  BUH-BYE!!!!! I'M OUT!!!!
O.o lol
i randomly dance behind my friends when there bent over. lol. ^o^
gahahaha that funneh ^
Open doors for no reason.
I stand pigeon toed. Nope can't help it.
i sometimes play wiv my lip using my finger O...O
I put a pencil on top of my glasses
 I put my hair between my nose and lips
I put a pencil on top of my glassesI put my hair between my nose and lipsLike a mustache ? I do that too ^ ^ and since my hair is long enough i even use my hair to make a beard
Walk/Run/Spin around in circles a lot c:
I say d'what alot.
Messing with my bangs and sleeves andputting my hands around my bestfriend's neck (playfully, i'm not trying to strangle her xD)
You mean like biting it off or sutum? Get a kind that tastes really bad so you don't wanna bite it... no i mean like using my other hand to scrape it off. I wasted an entire bottle of chrome silver because of this dumb habit of mine
Then don't get nail polish... or use marker
Doing the Cupid shuffle/cha cha slide in stores!!(:
I do this thing where I play with other peoples hair sometimes my own, I also play with my necklace when I'm really bored =P
Run around in a full cat costume around walmart
sit on people...spiin and fall...hmmmmm...it's not really random if we always do it...i justt noticed that
I dance randomly.
Recently, whenever im frustrated,  I will squeal.
Ive been told its very high-pitched, very annoying and could attract dogs in the neighborhood. But its kinda impulsive.
Idk if this is good or not but I got this hab were I pop my jaw all the time. I've been doing this ever since I was 10. :|
I make either cat noises or Pikachu noises out of nowhere.
Chew on my right side lip ring. I had one come apart and I swallowed it when eating a sandwich because of that. Segment ring.

me...
Single pringle
					
					

Me, and darn nice rhyme? :3 Don't think I had ever thought about that in that context.
single as well
Theres already SOOO many of these posts, i dont see why you have to make a new one .-. but sames.
I never made another one.....this is the only one I have made, and Im new so I didnt know there was "so many"
Me.... ):
					
					

Me, like always
Me.... ): NOT me anymore hehe (: no longer single (: C:
FUCK YOU APRIL
Hehe gladly (;
lolz 
Me. Single and gonna stay like that for a while.
I am currently single.
yeah single but not looking for any kindaa relationship
single
yarp, I is.
NOT me anymore hehe (: no longer single (: C: I was single again....then five minutes later (: bam not single lol
There are already a few of these fourms, but yeah. I'm single.
I am :/ haha
Yup, I am. But meh, it'll happen when it does. Not really looking for a relationship.  Just going to let things fall into place.
I was single again....then five minutes later (: bam not single lol


April..r u on drugs?
Yes I think she is on drugs
Aren't we all? :/
Forever Alone ^.^
April..r u on drugs? NOOOOO!!!!!!! *mumbles* not right now anyways...  hehe
Nope. Never single cx
im a single pringle ready to mingle....lmfao....jkjk
Yup, I really don't want a relationship right now. Got out of abusive relationship a few months ago and I don't want to jump into a relationship so soon. For once I really want to be single and do something for myself for once.
oh the horrors of being single ;p I so don't miss being controlled :3
Single. Wanting to meet an emo/scene/femme guy. That's mainly why I'm here.
Nope, not single.
Alone forever
Single. Wanting to meet an emo/scene/femme guy. That's mainly why I'm here.


This site isn't to meet people relationship wise it's to be surrounded by people like you
I too am single and will join in this feel pit.
I am rolling Han Solo.
^ wtf
Meh, I ish
Single here
Not single :3 luv u babe
U know who u r
I like Jaffa flavoured ice cream, jaffas and OREOSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG i am so hungry now XD
O.O red velvet cookies...omg!!
And these awesome cookies they make at a bakery by my house...AWESOOOME!
ICE CREAM- CHOC, COOKIES N CREAM, BOYSENBERRY, RUM N RAISEN, BACI, BAILEYS
CHOCOLATE
CAKE- MUDCAKE, CHEESECAKE, LEMON MARANE
MILK BOTTLE LOLLIES
CHICO LOLLIES
MILKOS LOLLIES
CHOC CHIP MUFFINS
PANCAKES
BISCUTS


Brownies,cheesecake and just about anything chocolate
I hate sweets. Id rather shove my finger down my throat and puke.
Lol O_O
I love forest cake also fudge strawberry,blue berry and raspberry muffins, pineapple cake,gummy bear cake, PPIIIEEEEEE,chocolate chip cookies, sugar cakes, rum n raisin ice cream with a dash of baileys...I can go on forever
donuts xD
Chhhhheeeeeeeseeecaaaaaakkee!!!!!! with strawberries or raspberries on top c:
Jaffa cakes.
OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YEAH THESE BABIES!
OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YEAH THESE BABIES!
ohhh yeah thou r good!
omg I love red velvet anythig, I had a red velvet milkshake at Steak & Shake OMG TO DIE FOR!!!! I also like mint chocolate ice cream and apple pie x3 
Shout out to my sour homies
Oh my. That's just..... WOOOOOW. Traumatizing. U poor thing. O.O
When I wrote this on the 14th I was scared out of my mind. Today He checked up on me. He gave me a box of those 40 piece chocolate glaze doughnut holes I love so much. I'm kinda coming around and I think I over reacted. He is an okay guy if you don't dwell on what he does on his personal time. I should cut him a break It's not like he was trying to scare me. And at least he isn't one of those 50 shade of gray wannabe's either.
hahaha wow 
that sounds proper frightful
what an interesting experience
hahahahahah!!!XDoh my gosh that's so funny!XD
We've gone horizontal last night. Just recapping this in case people don't recall his origin. Idk... I just felt like revisiting it.
If you could start a water balloon fight, who would it be with? 

I'd throw one at Matt
It would definitely be you Amii  I'll get you back for this
*sprays wiff the hose* What now?!
*throws you in pool* Snap!
*grabs you and drags you in*
*dunks you under as i fall... before returning to the surface with a grin on my face*
D:  *pulls you under*
*tries to swim up... then pulls you back down.. before grabbing you in a bear hug so you cant move* xD
*bits ur arm enough to make you let go* 

BWAHA

*runs out of pool, grabs hose again*
*screams a little then runs out and faces you head on* I'm not scared of you
*stares straight into eye, sprays wiff hose and takes off running*
*runs right after you laughing.. * I wouldnt run that way if i were you*
O.O *runs another direction*
*stops..... and gets cared* wouldn't go there either.... *runs back home*
D: *stays where I am*
*turns around as the shadow appears from the abandoned house*
*runs towards you*

I THOUGHT THIS WAS A WATER BALLOON FIGHT GAAAH
IT WAS BUT THE ABANDONED HOUSE IS DOWN THE ROAD *runs inside and hides*
D; *burns down, puts out with hose* All better'

*throws balloons at you*
. . . . . THE HAIR *throws a balloon at you*
MY HAIR *tackles*
*sits down in lonely corner and laughs at you two being silly* Hair dries people....just as long as you don't get me wet..no one will get hurt
*throws one at Sophie*  What now? ;D
*sets a pack of rabids wolves towards Amii* go get your food little puppy dogs :3
*Jumps into a tree with a water balloon launcher*
*puts hands up and stops wolves* I am okAmii, the great wolf goddess ;D Nice try though

NUU MATT NUU!!
*smirks down giggling* What you gonna do about it missy?
*squirts your hair with a hose*

That, mister
*shrugs and tackles you into the pool*
OH NO HE DI'INT
*comes up and dunks you*
-laughs at all of you- xD
*pulls Chelz into the pool*

Still laughing? ;D
WINNING RIGHT THERE^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ahahaha *splashes her once shes in*
I would throw one at Jasmine xD
nuuuuu .
Hehehehe xD *grabs hose*
*sits in corner with bucket of water balloons*
*jumps out of the pool*
I would throw a water balloon at anyone wearing a white shirt. XD *throws one at Amii anyways*
D; BUT BUT BUT MY SHIRT IS BLACK 

YOU FEIND

*tackles*
I know but I wanted to throw one at you anyways. XD
THAT'S NOT NICE

*pushes you into pool*
-backs away-
*throws water balloon at chelza and Amii*
*rapid fires balloons at everyone*
*stands with umbrella*

DON'T JUDGE ME
Well Amii came prepared the rest out you are screwed. *snaps fingers summoning a downpour of rain.* YAAAAAAY FLOOOOOOOD XDDDDDDD
;DDDDDDDDDDDDDDD

*stays dry as others are soaked*

TAKE THAT MATT NOW UR HAIR'S WET
*Grabs hose again and soaks you* SUCK ON THAT!
YOU BITCH *tackles into pool*
*drags you under water with me*
D; *attempts to swim away*
*dunks you again and then swims off*
*chases*
I would throw one at Jem.
I'd throw one at Jem too.
you wouldn't have to throw it (da do chee)
RAWRR ;D
I used to LOVE red velvet cake :3 I was a Godly cook!

But now, I eat pie since I'm a vegan. Very few things I eat in general though
Cake.

But it really depends on which cake or pie.

Though you can make more types of cakes than pies imo.
I know. but apple and blueberry pie are gooooooooooood
most pie taste like horse shit. so I like cake better.
LOL NICE

But now I don't want pie :C
awww sorry hon.
It's okies :L
yay meh people skills are gettin a better.
:3 Congrats
XD
C:
i love how everwhere we two start talking the whole thread kinda just goes of topic. we should just make our own thread where we can talk and see how many post we can get that way.
what is red velvet cake? O_O

anyways Pie for me xD
both xD
You gotta pick ONE Chelz. XD. That's a good idea Username, but that's what PMs are for. Lol.
a pie cake  a cake that is disguised as a pie xD
I love cake!! especially cheese cake
Hmm... What flavour Chelza?
it looks like a apple pie but its cheesecake flavour xD
lolz Japanese cheescake
pecan pie
JAPANEZE CHEESECAKE? You sure know a lot of odd foods Purple Ash... BEEP.
choc swirl cheesecake numnumnum
LET'S DO IT CHARLY
i like lemon cheesecake xD
pie
CAKE OR DEATH. CAAAAKE OR DEAAAAAAAATH
xD haha lolziez
SHUT IT NINA VEGAN'S HAVE TO LIVE TOO
i like quiche....does that count as some sort of pie??
Yum

And yes?
yummies i love the one wiv spinich in it c:
Yummmm
CAKE!
lol PIEE
cake pie :3
yummies i love the one wiv spinich in it c:Ew... Spinach Pie X_X
spinich is yummy
^ Gotta agree :3

I like Spinach leaves in my salad :3
I like spinach... JUST NOT IN MY PIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha lol okes xD
Lol. xDDD
hmmm i feel like a quiche now .
What's that?
hmmm i feel like a quiche now .You feel like one? o_O Woah!!!!!
WHAT IS THAT????!?!?!!?!?
JAPANEZE CHEESECAKE? You sure know a lot of odd foods Purple Ash... BEEP.nahhh not odd foods at all xD Just really really yummy foods
It looks like a small deep dish pizza... :/its not o.o dont taste anything like pizzaits better than pizza xD
It looks like a small deep dish pizza... :/its like the tart pastry and inside its full of egg n stuff
its not o.o dont taste anything like pizzaits better than pizza xDYeah, right. PROVE IT!
its like the tart pastry and inside its full of egg n stuffOOOH SOUR EGGGS!! ! YAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
sour eggs??
huh
sour eggs??huhYOU SAID IT'S A TART (SOUR) PASTRY AND THERE'S EGGS IN IT. sO THE EGGS BECOME SOUR... -_- oops.. caps lawlz
Cake. Of any kind 
Except fruit cake.
its not sour lol...
the pastry is like a tart, the shape of a tart etc lol
Lolz
Cake. Of any kind Except fruit cake.XDDD
its not sour lol...the pastry is like a tart, the shape of a tart etc lol  ? wth is a "tart"????? *confused*  oh wait, like a pop tart shape???
					
					

... On Nom Nom Noma ;D
yeah its very nummies xD
Prove it.
ahhhh its yummy XD thats my proof! or u can try one
Sure. Send me one. Strawberry please.
lol a rotten one in teh mail xD
a good moist pie
lol moist xD
Moist with what exactly? XD
lol a rotten one in teh mail xD...YAY!!!!!!!! on nom noma C;
hahaha xD
*waits for package* *sees mailman* "WHERE'S MY ROTTEN STRAWBERRY TART?!?!?!?! *barks at mailman* "AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH" 
Cake 4 life bitches
*waits for package* *sees mailman* "WHERE'S MY ROTTEN STRAWBERRY TART?!?!?!?! *barks at mailman* "AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH" 
nothing like a meat pie fresh from a bakery
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEAT
*-* yummy
I used to love cheesecake, but being a Vegan does limit your food choice.
ohh chessecake NUMMIES! same wiv mud cake -drools-
Pie-cake?
^ we shud invent sumfin thats both!
I dunno broshi. 

I just made apple pie yesterday. 

Your. 

Mouth. 

Is. 

In. 

Heaven.
Omg caaaaaaaaaake!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cake
Raseberry pie =^.^=  yummmm
neither....

AND HOLY SHIT! DELETE THE FUCKING SPAM YOU USELESS MODS
i would take pie cuz the cake is a lie
Hmm I luv cheesecake xD
I can't decide  ill go for both
I can't decide  ill go for both 
indeed...tis the only option
Pickle-flavored chip-flavored cake.
Pie!
Cake, because i no longer eat pie.
neither....
AND HOLY SHIT! DELETE THE FUCKING SPAM YOU USELESS MODS
Lol.
well its true o.o
It is.
Red velvet cake. :3
Peach cobbler, yummy. ^-^
Does anyone else still act childish even thou theyre in their teens, late teens, early twenties??
i still act like a kid xD
i still feel like a 12 yr old lol
i still like stuffed toys c:
YESH!!!!!!!!! i know because my mom keep's telling meh xD
hahah yays im not the only one xD
my mum thinks im weird that i still wuv stuffed toys n im nearly 17
sometims hmm
Yes. I get yelled at for it each day. T_T
hahaha yeah my parents think that Im childish but ehhh I like being childish xD
There is this part of me that is still 5 years old not just because I'm autistic either. This part of me is the one that suggests that we get an alpaca as a pet (simply because they are the perfect height for hugging - i have secretly tried this at our schools farm). Its the five year old within that made me buy the flannel pjs with bunnies and baby deer all over them (even if they are designer) It is her that causes me to still be attracted by color and pretty patterns and which inspires my jewelery designs. She causes me to laugh for no reason, chase cats in the street and clumsily fall over things that are nowhere near my path. She is delighted at the bunnies that live in our street and doesn't mind waking up early on a Saturday if it means watching cartoons and could eat lollies for breakfast lunch and tea.
yeeees. today, i went to the park and got on the swings. and laughed and had tons of fun. some kid walked by and stared at me for about a half hour....
creepy kid DX
yes i do sometimes
I only act childish if I'm on a childish mood _
Always hmm
i constantly poke n touch n stuff lolziez...
xD
n i just seem to act cute sumhow...idk how...
if i get grumpy or pissed off it doesnt seem very grumpy angry looking...according to others...
just tanties .
urghz
i apparently look adorable when i get mad....cuz i always make this really weird face...
i apparently look adorable when i get mad....cuz i always make this really weird face...haha im kinda the same ^vv^i just look cute
lol
lolz chelza when you throw a tantrum its adorable xD
lolz chelza when you throw a tantrum its adorable xDnot my fault .
lol
I couldn't agree with EvilActivity more. I WANNA HUG ONE .
i luv stuffed toys xD
xD
tehehe lol
C:
i like cute things xD
i has a stuffed turtle c: his name...is turtle
heheh i hav a 12 yr old stuffed panda named panda xD
lol mine is 12 too!! i was gonna get him a sister but they dont make turtles anymore *sadface*
wait....panda?!? me jelly
hahah lol xD i got him wen i was 5 :3
hehe hes the oldest toy i hav i think....
awww but turtles r awsum tooo ^vv^
i got mine when i was like 3...lol and like a year latter i got a actal turtle...his name is mr. turtle...my friend wants to change it to mr.turtlesworth the third XD
Niiiiice
ohhh hahaha xD i want a turtle n a snake c:
I LOVEEEEE snakes :3333333
theyre squishy c:
I HAVE A SNAKE  guess what his name is
Snakey?? lol
Mr Snake?
Lol I'm 14 and I'm always 3 years old in the head XD
Lol xD
haha xD
^ hahaha lolziez xD
I have soooo many stuffed animals, we have diabolical tea parties. I have a toy basket and i play with everything in their from barbies, to light up toys, to bubbles. I love apple juice boxes and bendy straws. And i throw a tempertantrume when my sister eats the last of something i wanted.
I still have stuffed animals and blankets on my bed that i've had since i was born pretty much

I STILL PLAY DRESSUP AND I'M PROUD OF IT :DDDDD
There's this second when I'm childish and a complete hyper retarded and then I wish I was more serious and mature. Then, it comes a phase of sadness or short depression. Oh, this happens all the time...I'm just an happy and positive person (when I'm in a good mood, of course _)
i love to cuddle with my giant stuffed rabbit while watching saturday cartoons in cloud pajamas =) does that count?
awww hahaha yeaz ^ xD
Goodness yes I'm still childish I still sleep with a teddy bear I call Goober that I've had since I was like six and I'm seventeen. I also love watching My little pony friendship is magical with my little niece Being a childish teenager rocks lolz
aww thats cute ^vv^ ^
Goodness yes I'm still childish I still sleep with a teddy bear I call Goober that I've had since I was like six and I'm seventeen. I also love watching My little pony friendship is magical with my little niece Being a childish teenager rocks lolzFreak yes My Little Pony ! I rocked that show since i was eight ! -brohoof-
To a point I do xD
I still watch cartoons.
I love cooking. I love making all kinds of stuff and coming up with stuff.
Cooking is fun, if you know what you're doing :3
Have any of you ever had a emo/goth/scene/punk/rocker teacher or principle? I wish I could. If I had a teacher that was emo, I'd be way happier at school, wouldn't you?
Have any of you ever had a emo/goth/scene/punk/rocker teacher or principle? I wish I could. If I had a teacher that was emo, I'd be way happier at school, wouldn't you?I actually teach high school and college courses.
Gerard Way is my teacher. He is actually a substitute and now he is training us for a battle of the bands. I'm so excited, like seriously. He's wicked smart.
well my english teacher...shes goth. But since the skool is strict she isnt goth at skool thou
I actually teach high school and college courses.Be my teacher pwease?
Gerard Way is my teacher. He is actually a substitute and now he is training us for a battle of the bands. I'm so excited, like seriously. He's wicked smart....
well my english teacher...shes goth. But since the skool is strict she isnt goth at skool thouYAYFUCK YOUR SCHOOL!!
Be my teacher pwease?Nope.
lolz
YAYFUCK YOUR SCHOOL!! it b awsum if the skool was in a gothic castle n all teachers were emo n goth!
Nope.-_- WHY NOT?!?!?
it b awsum if the skool was in a gothic castle n all teachers were emo n goth!FUCK YEAH!!!!!!! LET'S START OUR OWN SCHOOL! YOU + ME! IT'LL BE FUN! LET'S DO IT!!!!!! :DDDDDD
-_- WHY NOT?!?!?Because I don't teach anything that would interest you ._.
FUCK YEAH!!!!!!! LET'S START OUR OWN SCHOOL! YOU + ME! IT'LL BE FUN! LET'S DO IT!!!!!! :DDDDDDhaha ohhh yeah AWSUMNESSSSSS WE SHALL DO IT!!
Because I don't teach anything that would interest you ._.Try me.
haha ohhh yeah AWSUMNESSSSSS WE SHALL DO IT!!Allllllllllllright!Where will it be and what's it going to be named?
					
					

ahhhhh do u like japan??
london?
alaska?
my eighth grade social studies teacher was punk 
aww thats coolies xD
It would be awesome for a baby to be born with tattoos xD
that wud b kinda weird lol
ahhhhh do u like japan??london?alaska?Japan? Idk...London? Idk..Alaska? HELL NO Why? Too cold.. Castles are usually made of stone and stone is cold. If stone is in a cold place, you'll freeze your dick (or boobs) off!
that wud b kinda weird lol Weird is what I live for.
Japan? Idk...London? Idk..Alaska? HELL NO Why? Too cold.. Castles are usually made of stone and stone is cold. If stone is in a cold place, you'll freeze your dick (or boobs) off! lol idk....where?
lol idk....where?Hmmmm. How bout ...CANDYLAND! 
Punk, okay, goth sure but an emo teacher? Come on... honestly? Okay I had an art teacher who was grunge. You know apathetic, angst-filled not to be confused with emo because thats just not how it is. It was the 90's! The 90's! How do you have an emo even old enough to teach?! It's a trend of the 2000's. how would I fucking look being an emo at 25? It doesn't happen because my teen era was grunge/hiphop. Not emo/swagger. Emo swagger teachers... please... so these teachers listen to songs about sexting and nicki minaj and her squeaky pussy? Psssh...
Hmmmm. How bout ...CANDYLAND! 
haha in the world of sexting xDYes.
well my english teacher...shes goth. But since the skool is strict she isnt goth at skool thou You don't have to dress a way to be considered goth or emo if you really consider yourself to be one then you are, many teachers like rock and metal they just don't dress like that because they've grown up or out of it or it's just simply un professional
Yes.haha coolies xDYou don't have to dress a way to be considered goth or emo if you really consider yourself to be one then you are, many teachers like rock and metal they just don't dress like that because they've grown up or out of it or it's just simply un professionalwell theres a few techers that i kno of like metal music but english teacher actually still dresses pretty goth
I ALWAYS THOUGHT THERE WAS A DRESS CODE FOR TEACHERS!??! IDK! D: BUT I THINK MY SCIENCE TEACHER WAS GAY BECAUSE HE WOULD ALWAYS COMPLIMENT THE GUYS AND NOT THE GIRLS! BTW WERE IN OFF TOPIC AND IM GOING OFF TOPIC! FUCK YEAHH BUDDY! love everyone!  
I ALWAYS THOUGHT THERE WAS A DRESS CODE FOR TEACHERS!??! IDK! D: BUT I THINK MY SCIENCE TEACHER WAS GAY BECAUSE HE WOULD ALWAYS COMPLIMENT THE GUYS AND NOT THE GIRLS! BTW WERE IN OFF TOPIC AND IM GOING OFF TOPIC! FUCK YEAHH BUDDY! love everyone!  _-X3 I LOVE YOU TOO! ;D  ;*kisses*;


there is dress codes for teachers
I'm pretty sure my spanish teacher was a pedo. Because he also ran the dance club, (which i was in, believe it or not.) and he would always want me to be his partner. ALWAYS! And when I was dancing he would always be watching me like a creep.
^ew....theres an old teacher at my skool who always sed hi to me 
he was kinda a creep
I'm pretty sure my spanish teacher was a pedo. Because he also ran the dance club, (which i was in, believe it or not.) and he would always want me to be his partner. ALWAYS! And when I was dancing he would always be watching me like a creep.o_O
hahah but i can b a stalkerish student  hahah lol
well i just act weird
hahah but i can b a stalkerish student  hahah lolwell i just act weirdI was stalkerish to my gay teacher, kind of. XD That was before I knew he was gay, but I had my suspicions...
					
					

hahaha hhh lol xD
I have a grunge type Maths teacher. He always speaks to me about his hatred for Bring Me The Horizon. And I have a Punk ish tech teacher, he has huge ear gauges.
At my school you can wear anything except chains and revealing clothing. So my art teacher she's emo. She has alot of piercings and tattooes they can't fire her though because the art she teaches goes with who she is. She teaches the old victorian art formally know as gothic style paintings. It's a series of brush strokes that makes the painting look 3D but normally gothic art is dark so her class room is covered in black construction paper and paintings of dragons and war. she's awesome and I love her
I wish I had an Emo lecturer. Campus would be much better.
Well I'm studing to get a Ph.D in creative writing which will take some years to acomplish.. but I intend to be a college professor... before I run off to persue my dream of being in a band
all our teachers need to b like proper n wear business clothes n stuff...or neat casual clothes O...o
my welsh teacher, she's always talking about rock bands and I never get any work done cause she's always asking me about music.
Pretty awesome xD
I once thought of being a teacher.
That would be a sight to see.

Whoop !  You will get your basket of cheese and ticket in the post  welcome aboard ! :')
Call forth the mighty Goat Paladin Gleet-Gal'lator, Slayer of Chupa Cabras!


LETS KICK SOME ASS !
O.o I think you lost your mind xD
Thank you pwincess mimi , your help is appreciated !!!!!!! THEM TROLLS SHALL PAY !
Calling all wolves, who obide by the same code amongst other wolf tribes. We need you to gather up our fellow family members. Now I know there are some of you that don't like goats and would rather eat them but remember the code amongst all other wolf tribes. I will not say it nor should I if its not our own, but please this girl is a good friend and she needs our support. we our strong, lets give them hell guys.
also no cheese, I don't want anything in return please. I am doing this because of who I am. just take it and be happy with it. NO TRADSIES. Hah!
Hahahahahaha ! lol x) ok no cheese x)
I will send you all of my bunnies c:
Thnx for d food supply bunny.we'll eat'en all. 

Somone Pls tell me is this modern or ancient warfare? So in d first picture goat is holding M4 CARBINE and in d next one its holding AXE
If you join you get a free basket of cheese and a free ticket to dave's Disco , are you joining us Crankor ?
im in :3 i am the unigoat
IM IN!!!!!! And all of my Jackal-Penguin army too!!! Lets fight!!!!! ROAAAAR!!!!
The Yaks have your full support.
WHOO HOO !
No.
D;
sure why not, i can take a break from writing songs for my band
Yay ! Welcome aboard
Remix here, representing the Cat's of the North. We took it to vote and, none of the kitties were really interested in the benefits of helping goats. Sorry.
Mwahahaha.
O.O ^ what's with all these posts?!^
Haha I'll be in! lmao
House of Night novels? 
Vampire Academy 
Hush hush series 
Vladimir Todd Chronicles
Fallen 
I wish to find more people that read these type of books :3
yes
Yes. No. Yes. One, I think. Yes. :
I've read everything besides the whole Hush Hush series(I don't regret buying the first book but its really not up to my standards  Should've just been a novel imo) and Fallen(couldn't get into it either.)
No, yes,no, yes, and only the first book.
I've only read the Fallen series, but rapture is boring
I've read all of the Vladimir Todd books. 
All of Hush Hush. 
All of Vampire Academy. 
almost all of House Of Night, I'm missing like one book. 
And I only read Fallen. 
I also read three books of the Night World Series. 
And I read Hemlock.
I love to read it's honestly my favorite thing to do.
I ran out of books though,  so I definitely need to go to the book store and get more.
Congratulations?
...not sure how this relates to gender and sexuality (except for the porn part).
it's off topic
._. k.
Do you hear that? 
That's the sound of me not really caring
i hear sonar beeping
Tsk hahahahah! And then what?
Is there really a point to living..?
What are we here for exactly..?
Hey if you ever need someone to talk to I'm a great listener
Woah! That is a lot of words...haha. I read all that. Message me if you like, I love listening.
I'm sorry you have to deal with all that. no one deserves this
Look kid, shit may be tough and even though you know people have it harder, don't be so fucking selfish. You have more than most kids, if you can get on here you already have more. There are kids who don't know when is the next time they'll eat. Kids that don't have a roof above their head. Hell they're kids who are probably chained in a basement by their bat shit crazy parents. How about you live in the real world for awhile, then come talk to me about how hard life is. Family life may suck but you can get away from that once you turn 18. Anything else? Can get resolved.Just realize yeah, you may have a hard life, but people who have it way harder, if they had the chance to read your story, they would laugh. They would pity and envy you. Because at least you have food, at least you get an education, and a roof above your head. You don't have friends? Ever thought that might be because you're so negative? People don't like negativity so don't assume that if you threw a pity me party people are going to attend. I don't want to be rude but you need an eye opener in life. This life isn't all about you. And hopefully you realize that eventually
					
					

Wtf is with these random ad posts?
I'd rather chop your head into tiny little pieces.
fail
double fail
I rather to not give a fuck
I heard somewhere that they lobotomize you if you discover you're a vampire. Judging from your recent posts, I guess they already got around to it.
Knew I couldn't trust people with my problems.
I'm weird I makes it easier to have an explanation to me than to walk around unsure of myself. Forget it I don't give a flying damn.
do you brush your teeth enough? maybe you have cavities
this is a legitimate answer im sorry but vampires dont exist
No cavities here lol. I'm too cautious with my teeth to have any cavities (I know wimpy)
I'm a vampire. I know what you are going through.
Vampires.. are mythological creatures. Dont believe everything you read on the internet.
Or youll end up with HIV from sucking someones blood. 
Just go to the dentist and check your teeth.
					
					

That's why I checked out books on the subject.
yes. they can be trusted...because it's the internet
Ummm...
Vampirism is an alternative lifestyle, so do whatever you want. Just don't go after me, okay?
but if it's on tv it must be true
but if it's on tv it must be true


And the Internet, so it is very true.
Some where up in my closet I have a butt load of stamps from like ALL over the freakin world. I collected so many I overwhelmed myself and gave up trying to organize them.
I collect the little paper wrist bands you get when you go to a concert (in my case) a rave. I write down which rave and which year I went to said rave and which artist was spinning that day. Signatures on them if I can manage, and I organize them in this cute little three-ringed binder in plastic little covers.
I collect yu-gi-oh cards. I actually use them though.
And I have a small collection of guitars, that I also use.
Music CDs, memories, foreign money, books.
Comic books, lots and lots of comic books.
Hello, just asking. I'm currently playing on an acoustic guitar and I'm also might try playing piano. Is it hard to play piano? Well, I did try it out before. But, I'm just asking. But, yeah.
Piano isn't bad. I know how to play Moonlight Sonata and a bit of Fall For You. 
People consider your vocal cords as an instrument since you use them to sing. 
So Tis what I do. I want to learn guitar.
I play guitar and pinao. Pinao isnt that hard.
I play the clarinet.
Piano and the Violin.
I play the clarinet.
The clarinet? Cool!
Piano and the Violin.
Violin huh? Nice
Piano isn't bad. I know how to play Moonlight Sonata and a bit of Fall For You. 
People consider your vocal cords as an instrument since you use them to sing. 
So Tis what I do. I want to learn guitar.
Fall for you is one of my favorite songs.
I play guitar and pinao. Pinao isnt that hard.
I only play one instrument which is the guitar. I really want to learn to play on a different instrument.
I play bass guitar and violin and piano. Piano isn't hard.
I'm quite good at playing piano. It's not a matter of difficulty, because practice makes perfect   I also play the violin, cello and a little bit of guitar.
I play guitars (acoustic, electric, and bass). I can screw around with a piano or a harmonica. And, No, I cannot read sheet music.
I play electric and acoustic guitar. I play drums a little bit, as well as the ocarina and harmonica.
Id like to take piano lessons someday.
guitar but it's been a while
Im currently studying swedish massage therapy just because I want to and I reckon it will be quite useful to me next year when I hope to be furthering my skill and knowledge in physical theatre and particularly circus skills.
Well I take an automotive class every day except Thursdays for an hour and Wednesdays are 2 hours so I fix peoples cars and do oil changes and stuff.
On Mondays, Tuesdays, and Fridays I teach dance class for all different types. We work hard all year for shows and competitions and stuff. 
On Friday night's I sing for open Mic nights wherever and I've been offered 3 record deals but I didn't take them. And that's really all I do.
I don't know what I wanna do yet, but I would like to major in Art and Literature since those are my 2 passions besides singing. I'm starting to look into colleges this summer as well as filling out job resumes. cx
Im a tattoo artist now, thats the only thing Ive gone through with successfully. 
I want to go to college and pursue my dream as a cartoonist. But ive got bills to pay, so college is pretty much out of the question.
At some point, I want to stop tattooing. If I dont become a cartoonist by then, I would settle being being a certified nurse assistant.
I want to be a zoo keeper
I'm kinda obsessed with cats and I wanted to know If I wasn't aloneeee
Meooooow
chinese food? what?
I love cats :3
If you aren't an actual signed model you are NOT a model. Just because you take pictures of yourself and put them online does not make you a model! I can't be the only person who is somewhat irked by this can I?
You can do modelling as a hobby as well as a profession, quite a few of my friends are free lance models who aren't signed but have contacts who ask them to do modelling jobs for them. But yeah I know what you're saying. 'site models' etc are pretty ridiculous
I model for Sexy Cia Weekly. It's a very exclusive magazine.
I model for Sexy Cia Weekly. It's a very exclusive magazine.


where do I get a subscription
where do I get a subscription 


You get it free for being a 10 year premium member of Nins Anonymous.
I am NOT and will NEVER be a model lol
I'm a model...example of how to not be in shape. Bazinga!
i hate taking pictures of myself...it feels weird
People who take a lot of selfies and call themselves models are guaranteeing themselves a punch in the throat .
Describe yourself with ONE word
Uhmmm...
Lonely....?
Hmm...friendly?
Funny 
Shy
Mean
desirable
Pastiche
Unique
undescribable
sweet
Unknown
only one word?  then that word would be..... AWSOME
My one word should be obvious to EVERYONE. 
Creepy!
Weirdo
strange
Creative
Swwwwaaaaagggggggggg
I'm a sexy motherfucker
Unpredictable
Polymath
.
shy
Bunny!!!!!
					
					

Mean
complex
crap
Loyal
autistic
caring
Silly!
empty
enigma
Stupid
artistic
Insane
Hmm.... One word... I would say... Sadtiredlonelystupid
Eccentric.
Sleepy.
Sassy
too caring.
Stubborn
Human
lonely...
I would have to say: Potato; because everybody likes potatoes, even though they're smelly and ugly. Nobody cares about them until someone kills them, literally, and fries them
Cat
Friendly and caring
A worrier, empathetic, extremely loyal, loving, hurt easily, overly sensitive, very lonely, a lot on my mind.
Boring.
Apathetic.
Pathetic
Intuitive
Worthless or evil or stupid or unimportant or useless or unloved (at least on the outside) one word to describe my persona would be abnormal (in a good way by my definition)
spirited
God.
Stubborn ~
Konitchiwa!!!!! xD
Sugoi! Kawiidesune
uhhh wha?
chelsea is so cute\(^.^)/
NUUU DX
no...i can't trust you
I'm the most evil thing in the universe...I realize that now...I don't trust anyone...I always have doubts but...could you blame me...? after all the beatings and violence..? Dumb question...course you can blame me...I'm a monster...
I'm a phsycho...crazy nutcase with nothing better to do in life than cause misery to others or to get beaten up and cussed at... 
you only find love...caring...friendship and family in cartoons...
in real life its just pain hate and misery...
you get told "I love you princess" then beaten up and cussed out...
No one knows the things I've seen or been through and no one will ever know or understand...
just like how no one will understand or know anyone else's pain..
I should of kept quiet...
I just want to be normal like everyone else...
I'm a freak though...a immature selfish freak...
I never even joked around anyone...I never had a human friend before..
how am I supposed to act?
how do you talk to anyone?
I honestly don't know the answer to these questions...
I always ran and hid from everyone and...
I will admit this..whenever I feel like someone will hurt me first...I strike first at times...
my fault...I shouldn't of done that at all...but I was afraid of getting hurt again..
I'm a mess of nonstop problems...
why would anyone like me..? 
I'm just wasting my life away dreaming of being perfect...
I wish I was the person everyone wanted...
if I was perfect nothing bad would happen to anyone...
but I'm not...I'm just a freak who doesn't know how to talk to anyone..
I should just rot in a hole and die...world would be a better place..
Whao kid, calm down. 
You are being a tad bit dramatic. .
I, too, listen to slayer.
Oh my gawd sounds like you're reading the contents of my diary and paraphrasing them.....
this is me ignoring you
I think it's so cute. I also read Calvin and Hobbes when mum buys the paper.
I used to love reading calvin and hobbies. It was funny but also managed to be insightful.
I have all those books. I was heart broken when that fake comic strip came out.
I was more of a charlie brown kid but I love calvin and hobbes too
Revenge of the Babysat is a solid body of work. No doubt about it.
hobbes
I'll talk to you if you want. I only sleep 3 am to 7/8 am central time
In America lol I honestly suck with time zones so umm I wouldn't know what time that would be for you.
My sleeping pattern has gone to shit. To put it plainly. So, I am on here most times in the early hours. It does give me a chance to talk to people I probably wouldn't be able to, if I wasn't awake at that time. Seeing as most of the people I talk to on here are from different countries. Or have sleeping patterns just as messed up as mine. I like to talk too, but problem is, around that time I'm not that responsive.
Yeah I suffer with sleeping and everything has been messing up a lot for me. It usually depends, sometimes I'll sleep for four or five hours and than I'll wake up from a deep sleep and find myself online. Feel free to send me a message, I have trouble sleeping and believe I'm an insominac. Send me a pm if you'd ever like to chat.
i'm on my winter break...so there's is no such thing as sleep for me
Talk to me. Please. I'll give you a hug and some cookies....and maybe a kissie if you're lucky.   lmfao I'm so bored and lonely. Ohhhh I'm too weird
No.
That's not nice Marie ):
Your so desperate April
I know -sniff sniff- I need more friends. Because mine *cough cough* MADDIE, don't love me
I never said I didn't
Yay. I feel the love
No.
Uhg
ouch. people disliked your display of desperateness so much they took the time to downvote you...
Yea ):
ew
Mehhhh .
Do you think your partner is fully in love with you? I'm pretty sure.
Do you think they are cheating? No.
Do you think they love you as much as you love them? I really hope so because my past relationships have always been because I hold on to tight. Like I never break up first. I like making things work. I try to change 
or do something different for them without having to change completely. 
Do you think they do things to make you happy that may make them unhappy? Umm....yes....very much. Men I guess need their "man space." They have to have at least one thing that's not taken over by their GF or FF. So once a girl goes a little to far with their stuff in a guys space and they start invading, I guess guys are like "no."
I'd hope she's faithful.....but you can't force someone to focus only on you when you don't talk to each other much. Eh.
Dunno. He proposed so I sure as hell hope so O o
Can someone tell me why my top canines are usually hurting because they are annoying the bejeezus out of me. It happens mostly when I'm around other people and I don't know why.
wow so vampire
Uhhh. Maybe your teeth are just sensitive. And when youre around people, you tend to have your mouth open.
I don't walk around with my mouth open or else I'd be complaining about getting a lot of stuff in there.
Well, lol. That was all I could come up with.
I will try to see if there are any other reasons other than sensitive teeth and being a vampire but it would help if someone else came up with a reason or backs up one of these two with more facts lol
I really need a new friend! I'm really really shy and awkward so I'm pretty bad at this whole thing.
Anyways my names keely.
I'm 20 and I have an 8 month old son 
I don't get our much 
I love anything that has to do with tattoos,piercing, and a day to remember
Hello and welcome to EP! I'm kinda new here myself and I know the feeling: I'm pretty awkward myself.
Hope you enjoy yourself here and make a lot of new friends.
I'm happy for you that you've found a less hostile place to spend your time. Welcome c:
This place is most definitely not the most hostile place online, but there can still be those people. Watch out for them.
Halloweens almost here. are you dressing up? or do you thin dressing up is for little kids? if you are, tell us what it is. if your not, tell us why
Man I wish I could..... But my very strict dad and Bitchy Ass step mom thinks im too old to do that stuff anymore or else I would sooooo totally dress up!!!!!   
I'm not, haven't actually gone out or dressed up for Halloween in years.
I'm going to.
Im going to dress up as a nudist on strike.
im going as slender man bitches x)
even if they dont, ill still scare the shit out of them X)
i did i went a hermone granger.
I dressed up as a firebird :3
I was a zombiefied improv version of the Cotton Candy girl from Candy Land (the game)
What is ur FAVORITE Halloween candy?
Any kind with chocolate
um idk...stuff...we dont celebrate it er
Snickers, Twix, those gummy things, and Rolos :3
Skittles and Smarties! cx This past Halloween I got Sour Stix and a king size bag of peanut M&M's but my boyfriend stole the M&M's and he and I shared the Sour Stix
What's the weirdest thing someone's said to you? 
Mine is--- *hurbert the pervert voice* "now get you white fat ass here and suck on this nice, long, cold Popsicle little girl!"
Thankfully, the person who said that was my friend so it wasn't COMPLETELY that awkward. Still fucking weird tho. Lol xD. 
What about you?
"I love you."
'You're a bodacious lady who makes me tingle.....'
I recieved this from my best (guy) friend after I accidentally almost electrocuted him
Haha mine would be this girl I didn't know at the time looked at me and said you smell good come here and let me eat you and she chomped her teeth together.
have you seen my baseball? (in a retarded voice)
My picture will give you a boner @_@
My picture will give you a boner @_@ uhm. Maddi. It DID!!! Lol Dave (my imaginary dick) got like sooooo hard!!! Lol xD
I had a wet dream about you last night...
I pissed myself laughing when you fell of a cliff! oh my. LOLOLOLOL xD that's nice of them xD
all of them bieng compliments by random people. 1. i like your face 2. i find you arousing (o.o) 3. you smell nice (that one i dont mind its just the fact a random person said it :T and i was like oh uhm... thankssss?)
Lol wow bro they liiiiiike you
Hmm two years ago someone who I hung around with at school said I looked sexy for a moment. Oddly I found it to be uncomfortable, but curious since I didn't know why :3. Still curious what dictated it to be said in that moment .
I had a teacher who said I was teacher's pet. win my behavior and attitude far from that.
XD yeah I know April xD
when a female friend told me I'm fuckin hot even though she knew I'm gay
and everytime I'm complimented I feel weird
The beginning of this school year there was a little scenieweenie freshman. She approached me and said,"Oh my god! You're a goddess! I'm jealous of how pretty you are." I was like o.O Tanks?
					
					

A few times I was told that I look like the female version of Danny Worsnop from Asking Alexandria. lol My best friend who's like my sister told me that he could be my long lost brother
My is lilcoco15
Oooo! Ooo! Me me!! Follow me at jazzy_spazzy123
I but I'm not handing it out :3
I do not have an instagram, never my thing I never really cared for looking at pictures and having a laugh I just like watching videos and whatnot
Teenage_18
Nope. But you'll prolly find pictures of me on there.....people take too many pictures of/with me *sigh*
Hello people!!!!!!! I'm so fucking borrrrred!!!!! Someone SAVE MEH!!!!!! Pleeeeeaaaaaassseee!!!!!!! D:
DDDDDDDDDDDDIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSSSSSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS ! are fucking awesome
Yaaaaaaayyyy
Just text me I don't bite. Like some people .
Reply to your messages from me, chick.
@_@ I see, I understand.  *throws one of my cupcakes at you * there you get a cupcake.
Just text me I don't bite. Like some people .
 . yes u do....my phone is disconnected anyways
I don't bite like some little she devil I know.  Looks at you acusingly.
Oh hush. I don't bite hard
@_@ this is strange..... April told me everything .
Lol I did! I love u mad dawg!!!!! Lol
I. Am. Freezing. To. DEATH!!!!! Someone halp!
_ I know all
Yes mads *pats Maddi o the head* of course you do hun
hehehe
Good girl *throws mads a cookie*
Dance the night away!!!!
Oooh cookie
Lol wow.
@.@ my cookie
*throws more at you*
Noooo owwwie
Mwahahaha
Mads I am soooooooooo bored
Your like always bored
I knoooooooiw
Lol wow
Tha baby is making baby dinosaur noises (:
I'm not sure on how to reply to that
					
					

Lol
Just no April
Watevrr
Shush

Shush god damnit April
BUT THIS IS MYYYYY THREAD!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't care
Oh, dearie, but you should
Mehhh its what ever
Lol
This is so not specifically naming something. But uh, have you ever felt like you just...can't move on because you love someone to much. And everytime you try to move on or do something, it just brings you back to them? I broke up with my ex and I tried avoiding jer. That didn't last long. I feel back in love with her. Have you ever...wanted to have a relationship with someone (Matthew) but your afraid of ruining it because you don't know if you'll ruin it? That's me right now. Or...have you ever wanted to just give up because your just so sick and tired of....being sick and tired but you just fight it? That's me. But I don't worry about myself. I worry about others first. So if you need to talk, I'm here for you. 
Wow, I can relate to all of that. But I don't have the answers to any of it. Except to let time sort things out.
@xXlostinmyworldXx 
Thank you for the advice ^^^ I'm already in a relationship with someone. So its okay now. But thank you
if the zombie apocalypse happened what would you do? where would you go? who would you take with you? and how would you survive?
I would get as many weapons, an as much food I could put in my truck and go to a Military base 6 miles away from me and I would take my half German Sheperd half Wolf dog named Rex cuz hes my protector an anyone who wants to join me, an I would fight when needed an wait it out.
I would take survivors to Walmart and bar up the doors. There is everything you need right there.  Toys, tv, video games, board games, food, cloths, so on and so forth. I would go all Alice from resident evil on their zombie asses!!!!! (:
I woukd go to an island 50 miles from coast with my whole city...lol
People I am so bored. I've made alot of these topics where I say I'm bored, so obviously I'm bored alot lol (: someone talk to me pleaaaase. I don't bite tooooooo hard;)
Perhaps you require a hobby of some kind?
That would help....but I'm broke and hobies take too much effort
My great aunt was combing my hair yesterday. I had carpel tunnel from all the baking and whisking I've been doing so I couldn't brush it myself. I hadn't remembered the last time she did my hair so I asked.
"I'd say it was your 2nd cousin Natalia's wedding no? You was maybe 19 I think."
"Oh yeah there's just so many women in our family so we where lined up for you and mom and aunt Caroline... basically."
I wish weddings hadn't come up. That topic makes women in my family nuts but I guess it was too late now. This 62 year old great aunt of mine, more then some...
"Oh my god I can't wait for Benito to be married too, can you imagine. I never been to a gay wedding but I'm gonna be hosting one!"
"Tia, there's not gonna be a wedding for Benito.... he's..."
"Yes he can! gays can get married here! You just watch him or Shane... someone's gonna propose you gonna see... they gonna be happy together"
"Gonna be? But they are really happy right now. Shane talks to me so I don't think he wants to..."
"Yes he does, that's what all the gay couples want. They want the same rights like everyone else sweetie. Don't be like that with Benito please..."
"Tia, you keep cutting me off from explaining.... Shane obviously is the love of Benito's life."
"See, there's your gaypride! Oh I'm sorry... you where saying?"
"Tia, when same sex couples couldn't get married Shane and Benito didn't care. They didn't fight the system, they didn't rally for the same rights, they just spent all their time being TOGETHER"
"I know but now they make it official with wedding!"
"Oh Tia, they been together 15 years... not caring about if they lived in sin or not, not giving a shit who they piss off... they didn't waste an time fighting for a piece of paper to be together. They where together regardless."
"I know but still. They deserve it the most no?"
"I like it how they are. Shane said if he ran to the alter the day gaymarrige was legalized it would almost be like breaking to societies will. They don't need marriage to prove anything. Status means nothing to them. Shane is gay but can't stand how gay people fell to pieces being denied marriage. Bullshit, instead of playing victims they could have just enjoy life with their lovers like Shane and Benito!
"Okay, I host your wedding then. You owe me wedding."
"Nah, I won't be married either. I'm gonna enjoy my love life and use it to stand against adversity too. Its more profound that way. More passionate..."
"And you broke?"
"Oh expenses being a deal breaker sure tia... that must be it... and not the stand against adversity at all...."
"I knew it... I knew it. I go buy Shane the ring myself if I have to"
I give up... the man is 42 but what ever... I give up with this lady.
Yeah.... I don't know what that's like though. There was another girl one time but  Most of my breakups are because over time I stopped being vulnerable, I stop blushing, I stop learning things about the Bf, everything becomes flat and routine. The butterflies in my stomach die. I reach a sense of security where we don't have to try as hard. I don't like being hostage in familiar territory like normal people.
??????????/// how come
guys suck sometimes :/
guys suck sometimes :/


If they're a guy, yes.
How come? Well for one, being one person in a two person relationship is vastly over rated. Not because guys suck, but I feel no burning need to bond with anyone to feel fulfilled or complete. 

I do date, let me emphasize the word date in my perspective here... the four letter word not to be confused with relationships or emotional entanglements.

I refuse to be part of another social arrangement that uses moral restraints and legalities as guides. No more of that. I enjoy dating much better with that pressure off. I simply don't want or need a life partner.

I better spend my next incarnation as a man... then I won't have to explain it.
I'm bossy, impulsive, nice-ish, shy but loud at the same time. I can be the worst bitch you'll ever meet. I am weird and creepy. Sometime annoying. 
So whatcha think? Do you think people can get over my qualities? I don't see how I have friends sometimes xD I'm THAT annoying at times. 
That's me. Sorta. :/
I agree with all of this xD
yes me once also be the very sexual frustrate.
Eiizzz Nize, Wahh wah wee wah what the holy mother of fuck?
Ummmmm April I think they are calling you very sexual O.o i think I'm not completely sure on that
Lol me?! Neeeeeeeeever!!!! (: lol xD
CHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESE thinks your Awesome
Yay!!! Thanks collete. You're awsome too. Love ya girl


Haha I think people can every one has flaws they learn to love it
Lol sure your not April xD
I'm not!!! Half the time lol
Lol xD
Lol uhg.
April, all you did was make all of the flaws YOU think is a big deal, visible. Anyone else probably just looked pasted it and loved you just the same.
Well, it's what I see. I doubt anyone could miss em. They are there on broadcast.
So i'm still kinda new to EP. and was thinking to myself (does EP do any site modeling on facebook or anywhere)
and the reason i was asking myself this is because i really like EP i would like to see more people on it and to be able to chat with someone eveytime i get on ya know.
So if u do know if they do things like this here please let me know
or if u think this is a dumb idea or a good one. thanks guys :]
P.s i do know that EP has a page on facebook but it doesnt look like its active .
This is EP, not Soemo. I don't really see the point to site models anyway.
As Tony said, this is EP not Soemo. People still join every day. Granted this site isn't huge but I liked where it is. I enjoy knowing everyone after awhile. Site Models wouldn't really bring people to site. If they wanted to see site models, might as well get on google. But site models aren't even that big anyways. Hell I don't even know their names. Because most people, like myself, don't really care. It was a good try to think of something to make this site bigger. But I'll have to say site models sound like a no go for me.
Ok :} thanks for replying u guys .
If you are really interested in this whole ep models idea, you should message one of the admins about it, theres no harm in offering the suggestion up to the superiors lol xD
What class would your character be in an RPG? Mine would totally be a mage.
Whos better ? Andy Sixx , Ben Bruce, Dahavie Vanity, Kellin Quinn, or Mitch Lucker
Andddyyyy Cxx
MITCH LUCKER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mitch. everyone else sucks.
ughhh, tie between keelin and andy. like jeeze. they are to gorgeous ;u;
Mitch 
Who here plays the game Dark Souls? and if you do and want any help or vice versa. let me know.
I have it and the Platinum Trophy for it. But I don't play it much anymore.
Tyler. You are SUCH a dork buddeh. Lol that game it your life, isn't it? Itsh ohtay. Lol xD
I have it...but still in the beginning XD it's just that I die to much. But I know at least some tips
Haha awe, just for me?  I kid
haha thought about getting one before...but now i do haha
don't know.... theres been many... Jumping off a 2 story building into a snow bank?
lol wow
probably scratch my head when there wasn't an itch, I just did it because I didn't feel like having my arms by my side... that's fairly random... not interestingbut fairly random...
that is random lol ummmmm my most random moment is when me and my friends were sitting at the lunch table an they started argueing for some reason an I waited an they went on for like five minutes then I ask does this shirt make me look fat? XD they gave me looks like wtf??? an I jus start laughing lol
Ummmm i think it was jemma when I first entered the chat room she said " omg its a emobunny can we keep it !!!!" Then she said I'm gonna call you playboy bunny" lol that was so random cause everyone just started to talk about it.
I once ended up having to be a "body guard" for a bunch of my girl friends who went to this karaoke place to dance and chill out. They ended up having dudes doing some heavy hitting on them, so I had to look imposing and tell em' to screw off.
The random thing is a was dressed in plaid shorts, a trilby I painted blue, and a knee length fluffy maroon coloured coat. Macklemore would have been proud.
Hmm... I get up and walk around the house for no reason at all other then i'm bored. Don't know if this counts as being some act of randomness.
Oh where to start? I have oh so many. Hehe. Hmmmm. I must say that time where me and mah friend were having this whole conversation about (can't recall) somethin, and I just look up at this bird and we have this little stare off (yes me and the bird) and my friend waves his hand in font of my face and I yell "DO YOU FUCKING SEE THAT BIRD RIGH THERE!!!!! THAT ONE RIIIIIGHT THEEEEERE!!!!" Then I point and wiggle around like a toddler. And guess what. No one else saw the bird!!!!!!
					
					

Is there even a point to living anymore..okay don't answer that yes, I know everything happens for a reason; all that bull crap but every thing seems so irrelevant to me at this moment. I go to school, go through all my classes, no work, sometimes a test, learn things that have already been taught, walk the halls as though I'm a ghost and when the school day is over pretend to be happy just to go home and cry. I never feel good enough and sometimes feel like a plague on the lives of others and sometimes I just wonder what is even the point of trying anymore...
Yes there is a point it may not seem like  it now but someday I hope you understand their are people who love you and don't want to see you go into depression friends, family I used to think the same thing you're thinking now I sometimes more often than not still do until I saw everyone who cares for me and how much I care for them why put them through hell also it's worth it for yourself live your life to the fullest love have fun do what you want don't worry about bullies or hurtful words ur Amazing to someone, there is someone who can't live without you.  If you ever need to talk I'm here
none of us are living we are dying
each breath we take is one less we have in our existance
and I believe life has no point but rather you must find the point yourself
my point is to be entertained by this world
Honestly you just have to find your place in the world. Once you do that, things will get better. As you get older you start to mold yourself to who you want to be and you create meaning for yourself. Just keep your head up kid.
Mine would be no idea
"not the American Average "
lemme suuuck yo diiiiick
Free Now by Sleeping with Sirens
Fucked up situation. - by me
"Just stay away"
It can't really be like the Zelda soundtracks.. So next best which would be nightmare by avenged sevenfold
Good Charlotte - Wounded
Suicide Season- Bring Me The Horizon or Coming Down- Five Finger Death Punch
Immaculate Misconception by Motionless In White or Devil's Night by Motionless In White
Weightless- All time low
.
Children o f Bodom - blooddrunk
"And then there was Remix.."
JUst a day dream away- all time low
"Girl All The Bad Guys Want" haha nah Jk
Probably..."Teenagers" by MCR.
My own hell - FFDP
Mine would be no idea
actually mine would be requiem for a dream
Highway To Hell
Puberty.
sumboooodys jelly
I hate sex. and anything sex related, so for me, no, sex isn't a big part of a relationship.
That doesnt mean that sex isn't a big deal, for some relationships a good sex life is integral. it all depends on the dynamic and the preferences of the people in the relationship and each relationship varies.
What is your deepest desire, or wish, to have in the world? I'm just curious. Mine is acceptance.
all I want is a little respect...
People to be less loud.
My Deepest Desire would be to have someone that cared for me
same as Miss.Broken
Mine would be love 
Mine is Andy biersack.  lol
also passion.
I'm 19 Dx  Another year I'll  be 20... I don't want to get older T-T  make it stahp
Lol well happy birthday. I can't be that bad xD
Happy Birthday , Become Peter Pan , he never grows up lol
Good idea Collette!!! XD
Happy Birthday!
Happy bdAy. I'm right up there with u. I'm 14 and I wanna be like 9
Happy birthday!!!!! ....I have no good advice. Lol sorry
You pretty much named off the big brands, but they're still really good guitars. All of those, however, can run anywhere from ~$800 to several thousand.
thanks for the help I thought Gibson focused both on e guitars and acoustic but whatever. I might get a martin but from what I heard the martin plays you instead of the other way around. but thanks anyways
People tend to like Taylors. But if you are a beginner, I would suggest you stick to a cheaper guitar until you've mastered it. Once you have, you will appreciate a quality guitar that much more, and have less wear and tear.
Ibanez
Now I know why I don't want to have friends in school. Just because of March 8 2001 reason
That was fun to read
Intresting.
I'll be doing it sometimes. Oh, what the hell I do it more often. And I just wanna speak the truth.

What the heck O.O
What the heck O.O
U jelly?
U jelly? nope
Lol no idea...ehh ill figure it out
Except sexting literally means sexual texting, not just the sending of sexual text, but specifically of texting between mobile phones. Just like cybersex is specific to online, sexting is specific to mobile phones. If you take away modern technology then you're talking more about erotic roleplay or sexual love letters.
well...this was random...
omg xD that just made my day xD randomest thing ive read in along time
Wow. That was funny. Random. But funny nevertheless xD
I wanna some tips about how to wear an' act like a real vampire
Go get bit.
Cover yourself in glue then jump into a pit of sparkles.
Lol my friends and I do this sometimes. Just... Idk act like a vampire.it's fun!
Stay out of the sun xD
Bite people
Stay out of the sun xD
Bite people 
Damn straight! lolz lets skip the sparkle part. lolz.
Damn straight! lolz lets skip the sparkle part. lolz.
hahah yeaz nuuu twilight vamps r allowed xD
ONLY ONES THAT BURN IN THE SUN!
Burn in the sunlight, become allergic to garlic, resent sharp wooden sticks, and cower before crosses.
open a whore house and bite everyone that comes
open a whore house and bite everyone that comes

Good idea!
Aww there are many version and no matter which one u choose the vampires are different ppl too. So be urself xD And read gothic fiction lol
For one, you should start eating pickle-flavored chips.
Bite people...usually works ferr me
bite bite bite OWO
as soon as you have a thirst crave, the first person that walks past...YOU BITE!


Be an anaemic (like me), hate the sun (like me), have "heightened" senses (like me ) and finally have fangs
Hate the sun wear long sleeves and hoodies when in sun feel happy as hell in the rain or on cloudy days bite people run faster the usually pretend to have heightens smell and sight be able to see in the dark get some in on you pretending to be a vampire and get someone to believe you (funest part) go out at night climb trees a lot date a girl/boy named Bella/Edward XD jk be anemic have abnormal sharp teeth never go to church /ever!!/ ne allergic ti garlic holy water don't drink a deads man blood it's poisen pretend to have a extreme thirst and when they ask for what just say meh you wouldn't want to know get some sort of blood-like drink /juice/ dress in a darker fashion wear a Rosario /optional/ wear contacts bite someone! Sleep in a coffin! Travel in nests (in other words hang oh with vampire badasses) note: sun just irritate them not actually burn them or kill then when touched by a angel they will turn to dust when vampires die they go to purgatory a purgatory is just the nothingness a place between heaven and hell do not get shot by a "cult" bullet umm that's most of what I know so yeah lol use this information wisely lol ((obviously some is a big vampire fan *points at me*))
you CANNOT have a tan...
^yea!! Do that!! xD
Dafuq is this? o.O 
Vampires are obviously fictional characters but what is it about the vampire myth that explains our interest?
Is it the overtones of sexual lust, power and control or is it the immortality of the undead? 
I don't understand why anyone would want to actually consider being a vampire. But if you want to be one of those people. Meh. Go for it. No one can really stop you. Just know that society will look down on you more than it already does.
I just moved here a while back, I'd love to meet some new people.
uuummmm...then go outside and meet new people
uuummmm...then go outside and meet new people
Emos, obviously.
weeeellll...go to a concert playing emo music...then meet people there
Lol matti you smart ass xD
Nope.
Yeah, that could be cool
I'm in.
Then it's not me? I knew it was not me! This stuff would make Cyndi Lauper herself look normal by comparison!
sounds like were back to the early 90's style again
Does anyone else love to read creepypastas? Do you have any favorites? Has anyone ever written one? Let's share some! For those who don't know what they are, they are basically creepy stories about almost anything.
Okay okay, I myself am a huge creepy pasta fan. :3 Do you know who yuri of wind is?
Okay okay, I myself am a huge creepy pasta fan. :3 Do you know who yuri of wind is?
No i dont. But i will be sure to look him up. Have you heard of creepsmcpasta on youtube?
I like hetalia!!
Yes of course! I'm really into weird stuff like this haha yuri of wind's on  YouTube as well, but most of his are funny cuz he acts dumb. However some are more in depth and weird. I'm a video game nerd, so I play a lot of zelda. He did this one creepy pasta about a character in majoras mask called the happy mask sales man. I loved it.
Yes of course! I'm really into weird stuff like this haha yuri of wind's on YouTube as well, but most of his are funny cuz he acts dumb. However some are more in depth and weird. I'm a video game nerd, so I play a lot of zelda. He did this one creepy pasta about a character in majoras mask called the happy mask sales man. I loved it.
I'm also a huge video game nerd. I'm actually playing Link's awakening now. lol. And i wrote a creepypasta alittle while ago and creepsmcpasta read it. I was so happy when he did.
O.O you're the most amazing person I've ever met!!!!!! Lol  And btw I'm playing minish cap as we speak! Hehe x3 and plz plz plz tell me the name of it! Is the one you wrote on YouTube? I'd love to look it up
O.O you're the most amazing person I've ever met!!!!!! Lol  And btw I'm playing minish cap as we speak! Hehe x3 and plz plz plz tell me the name of it! Is the one you wrote on YouTube? I'd love to look it up
here's a link!
You really wrote that?
You really wrote that?
ya. Did you like it?
ya. Did you like it? that was the best creepy pasta I've heard in a while actually.. You have a serious talent. Thanks for sharing
that was the best creepy pasta I've heard in a while actually.. You have a serious talent. Thanks for sharing 
Thank you very much! I've been thinking of trying something of a sequel with the little sister but idk.
Thank you very much! I've been thinking of trying something of a sequel with the little sister but idk. please do! That would absolutely amazing. That story kept me on edge and you describe sensory detail like a baus lol you're an amazing writer
please do! That would absolutely amazing. That story kept me on edge and you describe sensory detail like a baus lol you're an amazing writer
Well i gotta get my feelings out somehow.
So true. Writing, drawing and music help me.. But if you ever need someone to talk to, I'm right here
I have to go with the classics, so BEN Drowned, Squidward's suicide, Suicide Mouse, Sonic.exe, and Jeff the Killer. Other ones I like are: Funny Mouth, Lavender Town Syndrome, and Polybius.
I love creepypasta, i don't understand how people find it scary tho..
Has anyone read any Junji Ito? Like Uzumaki? I love his work
I loovveee creepypastas I like reading about Jeff the killer but I Have an obsession reading about The Holders..... Or something like that
squidward's suicide
I'm in love with Jane the killer lol
Sooo...
What is it? It can be funny or serious...
Mine is that im really quiet n that im too awesome xD
I process externally.
care too much
im stubborn and always put myself down
my sarcasm - Often it is misinturpreted to be a huge ego.
i fall in love to easy

Umm...

Im hyper emotional...i over react to anything...i can't ever let go of anyone's that i meet or love, ill act like i dont give a fudge....ill believe anyone who says they love mee...im depressive...im mean to alot of ppl that dont deserve it....i suck :/
Umm... Im hyper emotional...i over react to anything...i can't ever let go of anyone's that i meet or love, ill act like i dont give a fudge....ill believe anyone who says they love mee...im depressive...im mean to alot of ppl that dont deserve it....i suck :/

-Lily stop sayin u suck..U DON'T!! Forget about what ppl have done to u n just focus on now...u dont suck ur awesome....i bet Jacob thinks so too AND he loves u...FOR REAL!
i fall in love to easy 

Me too :/
stubborn I also push people away sometimes
I have a horrible temper.
my weaknesss for helping people and caring too much, and my shyness. oh and depression
I don't love easily and I don't trust easy...lolz...I'm real easy to snap at people for the slightest thing...and I'm almost the worst person to be around when I pms(but I think thats a general chick thing)
I'm not sympathetic.
I care way to much.. I used to be up to like 3am Talking to Very depressed people, because I thought they might do something dumb!
Inability to be nice
I'm waayyy too nice
I'm that Mr.Nice guy that would put others first and always do what he's told to help with
I can't stand up for myself
I don't speak my mind
And last I degrade myself constantly
no confidence?...
To be honest I'm not entirely sure...
Probably the fact I've got no people skills, I've never had a friend
I'm a people pleaser .-.
I try to please everyone even though I know that is impossible..
no confidence
shy
worrisome
nervous a lot
negative
quiet...
Well I tell people the truth....sheez not my fault ur ugly
I have barely any confidence, I'm way too quiet, I have a rather negative view towards things, and I'm really shy. Ill walk into a room full of people I don't know and I'm the only silent wall flower
Well....i gots a ton of them but my biggest one would probably be that sometimes I'll be really pissed off for no reason and be like "Your face offends me" or something similar to that effect.
My massive bewbs.
If you want to know my smallest flaw...
I don't know when to keep my mouth shut, I don't know when to open it either :c
Smart mouth
ccare to much
get hurt to eaisy but im starting to not care about anything so i get hurt less sorta haha
umm i pay no attention
push people away
wont talk about my feelings unless im comfortable if your luck 
and im to shyy 
umm yea i think thats most of it..hm oh well
My extremely irrational fear of people and what they think of me.
overthinking,leaning too much on people i trust and love,being shy in some situations.
everything lol
over thinking things and trying to please everyone all the time.
Being a perfectionist. When I'm at work I work WAY too hard even when theres nothing to do, and I rarely start any projects of my own accord for fear of doing it wrong because I freak out majorly if something isn't the way I want it to be.
Oh you want a list? I could go on for ages, but i'll just give you a few;-
my aspergers
insomnia
anxieties
how i care too little or too much never in the middle
i never stop caring for people
i let people walk all over me simply because i want them to be happy
 i have to follow every sing rule.
 my ocd tendancies such as flicking the light switch so its on an even number, having to sitting where i can see everyone and yet not be boxed in etc
 my thighs
 feeling like a fragile, weakiling 24/7 because i have no idea how to deal with myself
 anger problems
i think i should save the rest before i hog this topic up xD
I dont trust guys, i feel awkwardaround them, its really hard to trust people when u go through i bad heartbreak. 
Im very slow at when it comes to love, or like. I dont take sarcasm well and jokes.
unable to fit in and be social
I get attached really easily, and I don't usually like to talk about my feelings...or talk at all. I don't do a lot of talking because when I was younger, no one wanted to talk to me and when I tried, no one could understand me because I had too many words coming out at once from too many thoughts. I also have this thought disorder where I inappropriately substitute words, I forget words, and I add too many words. I also tend to not complete thoughts, or I start a topic and then half way through talk about something completely different. So I usually just use actions and noises. Like, if I try to tell my boyfriend I love him, I don't say it. I rub my face on him making this noise of affection that I do.
can't remeber how to love
i dont have a biggest flaw, all of my flaws are just as big as the rest, i could type out a huge list of flaws if i need to
My biggest flaw is that I care too much and come across as sarcastic sometimes without meaning to
I'm an obsessive compulsive perfectionist...
I have serious anger issues and bipolar disorder I think I look retarded and that my voice sounds gay. I cry way too easily and I usually hate myself.
I can't let go of people.
I have serious anger issues
I am shy and very timid(which is sorta like the same thing)
I fall in love too quick which is why i try to stay single..
I get annoyed very easily
i care too much about others and always put them first
My depression has become a huge issue.
yeah._. i have too many to say here, but here is some of them.
I have an extremely bad temper and it doesn't take much to set me off, but I'm working on it. ^.^ I also come off as either too childish or stuck-up depending on who you're asking. A lot of people have misinterpretations about the kind of person I am because of my temper, but oh well.
I'm waaaaaay too sarcastic. I've found it nearly impossible to stop and people often think I'm being rude or something, but I'm not, it's just me.
I'm somewhat socially awkward and I procrastinate a lot.
My friend is in serious danger, she won't listen. Her "friends" are trying to make her commit suicide. She's already emotionally unstable, I can't get through to her. I write poems to express my feelings, I don't know what I wrote. Its like its not me, I have never felt so much hate at once. Those "friends" are the entire basis of the poem, the words I wrote scare me. I don't know what to do, I'm afraid for my friend and myself.
What did you wrote?
Try to make her avoid it
talk to her make her laugh try and be there if all else fails go with HopeUnveileds plan
Do you ever make up bullshit excuses that you just simply stick to?
Like, for me, I'm an alian from Krypton who lives in Narnia and the reason behind why I do anything is magic
Haha that's a good excuse xD
Sounds reasonable
It depends on the scenario you know, i can come up with an intricate lie/bullshit excuse for most everything
I usually use logical reasoning for my excuses...that or if I'm in the mood I'll just say cause I'm a ninja heheh
I just blame it on the fact that I'm foreign xD
If you were one of two people left in the world and the other person  has the same gender as yours.... would you go gay?
The definition of gay isn't 'no girls available'. If it was, you'd find a lot more gay nerds.
probably not
Well no, cos what would be the point? You wouldnt be able to reproduce or anything which is essentially what you need to do really, to keep the human race alive. Plus you can't just be SUDDENLY turned on by them lol, i would just enjoy their company while it lasted.
Nahh I have porn
Nahh I have porn
Nahh, I have Lizzie's porn.
we'll I really don't know, I would have to get to know that person first very well.
Well I don't know really, if it was the same gender there would be know point cuz you can't produce.
Sorry
no?...we got the whole world...there's so many thing we could do...but i wouldn't mind a little make-out session
Only if the other person was Matt. I'd sex. c:
Only if the other person was Matt. I'd sex. c:
Only if the other person was Matt. I'd sex. c:

stupid meme face
Y u reject my advances?
Not even if the outcome was to miraculously bring the population back.
Well can I just point out Prison sex? a hell of a lot of guys fucking guys and then pretending nothing happened when they get back into the real world.
It would depend on if the person was annoying. If they were annoying....lets just say I'd be the last human. Lol jk maybe. It depends on the person inside. She could be the ugliest bitch out there but at least her personally was good. Rite? Or then again I could be the lone human....nahh.
Well...no I have someone soooo...no I rob a bank and go to china and use their bombs xD
Only if I could be the pin not the cushion!
im already bi, so fuck yea.
I dunno, probably not .-.
First of all from the title could you people please be appropriate about it and not bias it from google searches. But anyway does anyone know about succubus demons? I read and researched about demons and satanism and found out certain demons can be attracted to you like succubus, It said they come to those who deal with emotional issues alot and a way to prevent them is to look at the bright side of life everyday, like that can happen lol. Anyway I came to ask this because we all deal with emotional issues and sometimes we have no one there for us and thus we keep on living with the torment in our head often bringing out negative energy that attracts demons to our lives. Just wondering if I'm not alone.
incubus is better!!!
Either xD i dont know what either of them are
Succubus are good looking and just want some dick. 
(Sorry I had to) 
But yeah, it's hard to look o the brighter side of life. 
That's why I decided not to be an optimist. 
I'm more of a realistic and logical thinker. 
If my mind wanders it wanders into the dark fields of the what ifs durning worst case scenarios. 
Heh. My mind is my worst enemy so to speak.
If they did exist, I don't know why you'd have to choose between one or the other because the creature is speculated to be both genders and can shape shift from male to female if it wanted to. Except Adam's first wife... I'm pretty positive she was all female.
I like Incubus better
I'm definitely the quiet one who occasionally has something funny to say. lol
m the entire group
The quiet one,the one they always tease...until I discovered they were not my real friends
my friends think i am the crazy and quiet one
the quiet spontaneous badass.
The loud, perverted, creepy friend that everyone loves cuz I'm awsome  !!!
					
					

Quite, funny, and hard headed at time
I'm the silly, outgoing, random, caring and take charge person in the group c:
The random one ^.^
the trustworthy one
the best one
The outgoing, mean, badass one
um...the quiet short one who everyone thinks is cute and innocent...but am I really that innocent?? ;D
Would you like to?
I was suppose to go to my prom this year, in england you only have one prom really and thats at the end of secondary school, i was suppose to go, got the dress and everything BUT the school then decided to not let me go because of my illnesses and Marie's. I was so mad. If i ever had the chance, i would go. I would put on a stupid dress and heels. I would do my make up and everything to perfection and i would go to that stupid damn prom. Because even though i hate all that stuff its an experience that i, myself, will never get so... yeah, i guess i would go.
I would like to go prom because it's my senior prom. 
And I will go all out for it.
Um no i would not like to go prom. Mainly because i dont wanna wear a dress and heels and get all fancied up.
NO WAY!!!!!! You will never get me in a dress and heels. Never. Unless I could go with a special person.
You guys are stupid. Your missing out on an opportunity some people dont get! Who actually want it so bad. Imagine how many teenage girls are in hospital, all around the world. Now imagine how they would feel about getting the opportunity to go. But imagine what its like to NOT get that oppitunity huh? To not have a say, to never get to get all pretty and be a princess. And you guys pass that up because of the clothes? Thats the most ridiculous thing i've ever heard. And to be honest? its degrading.
I don't like stuff like that.
I dont know who this question was directed at, but I wouldnt want to go to prom. Its just not my cup of tea. I also don't have the money to get everything that I'd need. Its like, $80 to get a ticket to get in the prom alone. Its ridiculous.
I agree with Jem. When I was younger, I used to think things like that wasn't for me. But I just adore dressing up and getting my hair, nails and makeup perfect for the big night. And wow Tony /: My prom dues start around October and it's like $35 and after Christmas it raises to $45. And guest get in free. I'm actually looking for prom dresses now. I'm thinking of doing the traditional white dress that seniors wear. But I'm not entirely sure. I have about 9 months to figure out but honestly I can't wait. It's a wonderful experience and something you don't want to miss out on. Same as Homecoming. It's just so much fun to go and dance with some friends and just letting go for a night, then going out to eat at like 11 P.M. at IHop or something. I hope you guys change your opinions. If not that's you, of course. But I know that I couldn't let a special exprience like that slip through. I went my sophomore year to prom but it wasn't that great because well, I was a sophomore. I didn't go my junior year because it honestly doesn't matter then. It's your senior year that's when its just plan out amazing 
I kinda don't want to go to "prom" we don't call it prom here, it's just graduation dinner and you have dinner get a certificate and dance at the end. It's going to cost $80+ just to get a ticket, when the teachers don't have to pay, and family members are encouraged to come but they too have to pay the $80+ entry fee. You don't get to pick your food, it's put in front of you, unless you have an allergy or special dietary requirements. And then all the girls will judge the dresses most likley. The girls at my school created a facebook page for graduation cause "no one is allowed to get the same dress or colour" and every girl is expected to put up a photo of their dress, no way I'm not doing that. Also they expect every girl to get a long dress, "short dresses wont look good and they'll ruin the photos(that includes knee length ones) stuff that I'm wearing a short knee length dress, and on top of that its black. Seriously I'm kinda over it already. But I want to go, as it's a night with your best friends, you all get dolled up and supposedly everyone puts their differences aside and has fun. I'm going as I've already got the dress and well my friend would kill me if I didn't let alone my mum. It's an experience worth having at least once, I mean you can't go back and do prom in another 20 years time, so why not enjoy it now.
Ours is for graduating high school. Even if I didnt have a date I would still like to go. A decent excuse to make yourself look pretty and have one last night with friends as students. Its a time to feel like FUCK YEAH I HAVE FINISHED SCHOOL! NOW TO DO NOTHING WITH MY LIFE! haha but yeah its supposed to be a night of enjoyment all dressed up with fancy food and friends finally finishing school Cx why wouldnt i not go? xD Plus I LOVE my dress tehehe
We only have a junior prom here and I'm still not going although I would like to have a night were I don't get made fun of I'm still not convinced.
Homeschooled. Never had a prom.
If I did tho, I would dress funky to the max. Probably like a light purple tux and green mohawk.
T'would be entertaining.
at some other high school that has kids with creative minds and good taste in dance music and actually know how to set up a prom night...but the prom at my school?...no
Hmmm..probably but if I do I'm totally showing up in a blue tux...so sexy o:
hell no
Hey I just wnt to kno if anyone has a outy belly button??
I hav one n ders lyk no one else who does 
Its weird
Nope.
I got an inny.
lmao.
What is a belly button?
Wait am I doing it right? (o:
Nope.I got an inny.lmao.same.and llmfgao gamzee xD
same.and llmfgao gamzee xDDid  I do something wrong? )o:I'm not good with human anatomy...
i gots myself an inny
YEah i get an inny to =P
I got an inny too, dont be sad though, the power of the outy is great! You shall rule the world one day
Did  I do something wrong? )o:I'm not good with human anatomy...lmfgao no. xD
I have an outie. FUCK YES. 
Yay!!!!

nope i got an inny as its called
sex magick?...sounds like my type of magic...*gives you two cents*
sex magick?...sounds like my type of magic...*gives you two cents*
lol Matt XD lmfao
Lol xD
Magic *
Right now, I really like applesauce and the word apple. Strawberry flavoured applesauce rocks. How bout you guys and gals? What (kinds of) food do you simply adore????
I constantly want pasta noodles for some reason

Oh, and I love LOVE salsa. 

Apple juice is so yummy too
the food I'm addicted to never change =P I LOVE CHEESECAKE!!!!
Skittles, pasta, chocolate, sushi xD ICE CREAM!!!!
@okAmii NOOOOOODLEEEESSSS   @roan1818 Hmm... I like cheese and I like cake, but I doubt I will like them together. I think I had cheesecake before, though. @Purple Witch YAY FOR SKITTLES!!!!!!! What kind of chocolate? What kind of ice cream? I like sherbet.  (I have no clue how to spell that.)
CHocolate!!gummibears n brownies!
Candy!! and monster :3
@gabbitheawesome       ;D 
I go through 7-8 boxes of cereal a week ^.^ If that isn't bad enough I'm addicted to ice cream, plus I can't get enough of French fries ;3
 Skittles, Monster, cheesecake, bom-boms, chocolate, any fruit and I love sushi !!! ^.^
					
					

@ Monster... all kinds of Ice cream of course (Fried ice cream especially lolz) although I have never heard of sherbet ice cream O.o
xD  as for chocolate dark and milk... used to love white but its bleh now xD
WTF??????? FRIED ICECREAM?!?!?!?!?!? HOLY MAGICAL TURD! @Pixel Monsters drink you too.
fried ice cream nums nums
chocolate bars
lemonade
skittles
donuts
orange juice
Everything... ;-;
Noodles! Salsa! Apple juice! Skittles! Bubblegum! Rice!!
@PurpleWitch It's actually spelled "Sorbet" not "sherbet". It's weird... lol
ITALIAN! 
@PurpleWitch It's actually spelled "Sorbet" not "sherbet". It's weird... lolSorbet and sherbet are two different things o-o
^
Oh... Damn, now I feel stupids T_T
lol....lollies xD
Lol fail
fudge brownie with a small glass of chocolate milk. mmmm... i think i'll have that now!
SHARE, DAMN YOU! ^_
I CAN'T HAVE THAT D;

YOU ALL DEPRESS ME
^ Aww poor baby. ;P
Pickles 0_o
Cookies and Pixie stick
Cookies, any gummy candy, and monsters x)
Donuts :3
Poptarts :3
lizzies
lizzies

I'm food? o.O
I'm food? o.O
just your clothesx3
SUGAR COOKIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tacos !!!!
Meatballs!!!! And milk,milk goes with anything that's why I'm so strongy
apples and peanut butter :
Does anyone else besides me believe that perfection doesn't exist? Because everyone tells me i'm perfect and then they leave. So if perfection really existed, Wouldn't they stay? I'm so confused. It seems like every guy is the same and its quite irritating. ___
weell there are many concepts of "perfection"
buut to save time I will just say that yea perfection
does exist...anything that is finished or has 
room for improvement could be considered perfect
etc.
I suppose you could say that perfect does exist, that perfect thing for you. your judgement on stuff makes things you see deemed perfect or not. reality of the world? and not just are own personal tastes? yeah perfect doesnt exist its just what the world has created it, so oneself can be judgemental and otherself can be arrogant. i dont know, thats just how i see it.
i think it can be real but depends on the person's view.!and it can change after a while.like the person who admires you for having an act after seeing that for a while feels like it bores them instead of admiring it which shows you were not exactly perfect to them and it was just something that the person was thinking at that moment.
practically it can stay and not go away but rarely happens as much as i can see.!
a little bit of what everyone already mentioned... Perfection to me has can't be used as calling someone or something but rather and action or a project and even then its going to vary depending on who sees it so its really just a loose term. Like an artist making an abstract drawing. To them it can be perfect but others may not agree. But saying like someone maybe perfect for someone else to me is a good use of it too.
I don't think perfection is real, everyone and everything in life, even objects have flaws that make them imperfect
Nope. Unless Steve Conte writes his songs for you, you are certainly not perfect or anywhere close....
Perfection is not real. Everybody and everything has flaws.
Perfection is real just its in the eye of the beholder.  What you see as perfection most probably differs from what I see it as.
Everything has flaws. But it takes that special person to overlook those flaws and see who you really are. Jem and I try to find the good in people through all the bad. Therefore we believe in perfection because we overlook the flaws. Someone may be broken and see themselves as nothing but flaws but I would look at them and see a wonderful person. Especially if you mean something to me, I will think you're just amazing. Call me silly, but I do see perfection in people. Their flaws make them perfect because it makes them who they are today. Without those flaws, they wouldn't be themselves. I'm sorry about your situation and maybe they didn't mean it, maybe they just said it to say it. But remember, there is always fish in the sea. You'll find someone soon enough. Sometimes it just happens. Don't go out looking for love, love finds you, only if your patient. And I promise you, he'll be worth the wait. 
umm...yeah...i believe there is someone who is perfect out there
Honestly I don't believe its real. Cause when people te me im perfect they just leave me in the long run. I just stopped believing it after a while. Even if someone tells me im perfect I just say okay and just deny it. No one is really truly perfect.
I once showed my friend a few bands, like Slayer and Iwrestledabearonce, and he thinks because of the way i dress, and the music i listen to, i am a satanist. 
Am i the only one who has this kind of friend?
Well not my friends..just my family
My sisters
lol yeah, mostly every boy in my class think I am one, or a witch. its funny because once when I got pissed I said some random gibberish and they thought I hexed them. It was funny I made them do whatever I wanted them to do for a week, before I told them I was kidding and I wasn't a witch. some of the things I made them do, made them outcasts. so funny,
Random people on the street and in public.
well yeah but thats because i am a satanist XD x
People at school think I am cuz of the bands I listen to and my bracelet. I mean seriously. A bracelet! Lol
aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!! my 1,000th post!XDXD...and no
Yep...a friend
No. I mean not me personally but i recall this one user wore a pentagram on her pic and people said she worships the devil and has sex with goats. But she's PAGAN. So I feel for all the misunderstood Pagans that are accused of being satanist. Oh and sorry for all you people too cause i see this happens even to non pagans/wiccans.
Yes I use to have this one friend who thought i was when i first met them. But I also have people at my school think i am cause the way i dress and the bands i listen to.
Nope. My friends accept me. 
Everyone else can pretty much go fuck themselves.
Nope I don't know how but everybody knows im a chrisitan ....
Yes. I don't believe in god and people like to judge from that. Ah well!
Nobody.... But I'm the grim reaper though
My brothers .
haha my best friend called me one but im fine with it everyone calles her one so i guess we will be satanist together:p
Nah my friends no better. Tbh I'm kinda pretty good Christian girl. But IDC what other people follow and believe in as their religion. Like, my best friend and my boyfriend are both satanists. My dad occasionally thinks I might be .-. but IDRC what people think, even my friends or family
yeah. they kinda dont get it. ive explained it a thousand times, so i just make a joke of it.
yep and family...and even though I'm not a believer(Fuck satan, Hail Sithis!!) I do so enjoy fucking with them from time to time.
Can someone help me? :'(
what exactly do you mean by this?
elaborate
Lol never mind i sorted out the problem (: and i was just meaning i was getting bullied and skipping some classes, and my mum was going to send me to bording school. But im fine now i had my friends to support me
Glad to hear its sorted out :-) thought you meant in work haha was gonna say know how you feel lol!
Hai, I dunno if there is a Homestuck thread already or not, but I didn't see it on the first page, and I'm kinda...impatient anyways!  So I figured I'd make my own! I really hope there are other Homestuckers on this site, and that this isn't just a desert!  Anyways, it'd be really cool if you posted things like cosplays, or theories, or anything Homestuck related  Maybe you can meet other Homestuck friends  =^w^=
Forced to go to a wedding for people I don't know
Free bar. Get in on that.
Free food. 
Eat all you want.
Take your phone or ipod or whatever people use and just space out. Also, keep that fake grin up lol
Keep your eye out for cute people but make sure you're not related before making any advances
the cake...aaaaallllwwaaaayyyysss start with the cake...unless it's chocolate
Had a similar situation a few weeks back, was a long day lol
Is anyone here a guitarist?
If so what guitar do you use? (Brand)
I'm a guitarist..... Not really... I'm still a beginner but I just want to know if anyone plays guitar....
And by the way.... How many songs can you play with your guitar?
 I'm a noob and i know zero songs
My guitar's brand is Denver by the way
					
					

I wish to have a new guitar...
All I have is a Fender  acoustic. 
But I have to get new strings for it /:
					
					

i play a little...but m not really good
I do, but I'm not a virtuoso. I've got a BC Mockingbird AV Archtop and a VOX AC15 BRG amp. Need to buy strings.
What's the difference between a fender and Taylor guitar?
blue Ibanez artwood series aw70ece
I have a fender electric and i play a couple songs but not many
What's the difference between a fender and Taylor guitar?
Ive never seen Taylor do an E Guitar. Fender does both electric and acoustic. Taylor acoustic guitars are usually much better than Fenders. But it all depends on what series guitar it is.
Ibanez RGA8 (8 strings guitar)
ESP Eclipse II (6 strings)
Washburn
Jackson
Dean (baritone guitar)
that's all i got
Here's a llama, there's a llama, and another little llama. Fuzzy llama, funny llama, llama, llama, duck
Let's make a llama duck pie !!!!!!!!!!!!!
I slipped and fell today..on water
Matt scares me with his weird dreams .-.
LMFAO. ROFL. LOL. DEAD. 
I love my rapist music c;
Happy llama sad llama mentally retarded llama super llama drama llama big fat mama lamma MOOSE!!!! Turtle owl unicorn peacock Justin bieber *creepy face* lol that was fun. Hehe
i had another dream a had the sexiest ass ever and everyone wanted to spank it...i was also trying to run away from them after they formed a crowd and i swear i looked so funny when i was running!XD
Lol dude that's hilarious!!! xD hope u had fuuuun
I sleep for another 15 min
I check my phone XD
Hmm..masturbate xD
The first thing I do is fucking streeeeettttcccchhhhh xD
watch doctor who
Sleep again,check phone,eat breakfast,taking a bath,draw,or play video games
i always pass out agin for another hour or to then fall out of bed when i wake agin
Go back to sleep after putting my pillow over my head. Then wake up at1:00 then stretch. .
punch the persone who woke me up. then go back to sleep.
Lay there and day dream then go to sleep again without realizing
Stretch and then check my phone
Get on ep cuz I don't have anything to do in life. :'c lol jk jk I randomly text ppl and get some cerel
WHAT IS THE WEIRDEST PICK UP LINE SOMEONE OR YOU HAS USED ON SOMEONE OR THE HAVE USED IT ON YOU?
are you google, because you've got everything i'm looking for
Get an ice cube and smash it on the table and turn to him/her and say "So now that I've broken the ice..." And go on to whatever you want to say.
Hey, will you be the Ying to my Yang? c; (soo cheesy!)
Your shinning  bright like a diamond girl...o.O
Is that a banana in your pocket or is it just some other kind of fruit
I got a mouth full of skittles, wanna come taste the rainbow? *eyebrow wiggle* before usin this please for the love of cookies and jaklye penguins make sure his girlfriend is NOWHERE near. Lol I almost got hit  lol
open your mouth!!!
Are u subway? Because u just have me a foot long.
How much does a panda weigh? Enough to beak the ice
(I've personally used this) heyy. If u were a tree...ud be a good tree. Then wink
Hey, so Jemma and I have been invited to an 80's themed costume party. Theres one problem... WE HAVE NO IDEA WHAT TO WEAR OR GO AS! So.. any suggestions would be great? Thanks
Yeah, google is your best friend in these situations. Probably one of the easiest 80's costumes to do (for me at least) is just dress all in black and back comb the hair a shit ton and go 80's goth, try googling things like obviously 80's goth, but also deathrock or death hawk for makeup/hair ideas. but yeah just black clothes and safety pins, then theres also like.. original punk outfits and stuff
Hot Pink Leather
parachute-pants!!!!XD
elton john glasses!XD
glitter afros!XD
cocaine if you're stupid!(which you're not. you're awesome)XD
super hairy chest!XD
wait...that's the 70's
1) 13 or 14
2)15
3)18-20
4)20
5)23
1) 13...ish... .-.
2) 15 or 16
3) after puberty? And after you've grown up enough to realize sex isn't everything I guess..
4) whenever you damn well please
5) I'd say 19 and up .-. that's just me
I love how the answers here all suggest you want kids before marriage which is pretty stupid, and considered by many to be a tad slutty.
I love how the answers here all suggest you want kids before marriage which is pretty stupid, and considered by many to be a tad slutty.
i will not lie, i was thinking that too, but regardless free answers and to each their own~
1. 10
2. 10
3. 10
4. never
5. never
1) 8
2) 13
3) 20's
4) 30's (if I was a woman)
5) late 20's- early 30's
1. 13
2. 12
3. 14
4. does not compute
5. error! error! error! error! error!
1) Middle school (10-14)
2) Middle school (13-14)
3) If you love the person and it just feels right, go for it. But all I can ask is if they wait until they are completely sure. 
4) After your married (24ish-30ish)
5) 20-24
1. 12, 13
2. 13-15
3. Whenever you're ready
4.Hopefully not by accident
5.whenever you're ready
Things change so much with this topic. The original intent for dating was to find someone you find suitable for marriage. Thats really not the case anymore. Dating at such a young age really is just for ones own enjoyment. The people you date while being around 14 are not going to be the same people when there 20. With the ruined intentions of the purpose, doesn't really matter anymore why. What defines a REAL bf/gf? The way i see it, if your actually in a good position to be able to be independent for yourself and able to live on your own to have an actual meaningful relationship as far as supporting each other and not just using each other. Even the significance of marriage has lost it's meaning. I don't really have an opinon on when for many of those questions simply because there is no general rule. So it's just whenever you want. Your choice of actions WILL effect your life significantly good or bad. Just hope you learn something from them.
Things change so much with this topic. The original intent for dating was to find someone you find suitable for marriage. Thats really not the case anymore. Dating at such a young age really is just for ones own enjoyment. The people you date while being around 14 are not going to be the same people when there 20. With the ruined intentions of the purpose, doesn't really matter anymore why. What defines a REAL bf/gf? The way i see it, if your actually in a good position to be able to be independent for yourself and able to live on your own to have an actual meaningful relationship as far as supporting each other and not just using each other. Even the significance of marriage has lost it's meaning. I don't really have an opinon on when for many of those questions simply because there is no general rule. So it's just whenever you want. Your choice of actions WILL effect your life significantly good or bad. Just hope you learn something from them.
Or Better yet, learn from others choices so you dont have to take risks.
Each to their own. I had my first kiss at 15.... haven;t had se, but I know kids at my school that are 12 and have had it. I find that utterly disagreeable, but as I stated before each to their own.
And don't get me started on marriage..... it's a terrible thing. I would hate to be stuck in the same relationship for years with theonly way to escape being taking legal action. That costs way too much, added onto the original cost of the wedding and honeymoon, it's an extravagent amount to spend on someone that you will probably end up hating anyway. Just saying
what age I believe my future daughter should (or plan on/had)
1) have your first kiss- 25
2) first real boyfriend- 25
3) have sex- 25 MARRIED FIRST
4) get pregnant- better be getting married or God sent
5) get married- 25 NOT MARRIED FIRST
jk ... kinda
Really depends on the person. Everyone is different and everyone has different maturity levels. Some people might not feel comfortable with a boyfriend/girlfriend yet while others do already. I say not to rush into things. Take it slow and the outcome of everything will be better than what might happen if you do rush things...
1. Any age above 13+ is good to have your first kiss (provided it isn't a full-fledged make out session) I had mine at 14.
2. Again, any age is good, but probably when you are 17-19+ might be when you're slightly more mature about it?
3. Welp if you wanna do it legally, 18+... But I don't think there is nothing wrong with waiting until you are in your 20's.
4. I personally think mid-20's is a good age to get pregnant, provided you and the person are wanting to intentionally "try."
5. Mid-late 20's is a good age. Because you've had time to enjoy your young adult life and you know what you really want.
i luffs Yaoi 
Yo Pocoyo, umm lol, have u watched Junjou Romantica? Or read it?
yeah, that is nothing. such light stuff
I like hardcore actually xD
i live for the hardcoreness. 
Yeah. Hardcore 
I suggest gravitation remix 
our kingdom 
kiss all boys
Anyone been to yaoihaven at wetpaint? Rlly good place, i like it . p. bt any other suggestions for yaoi sites? ^^
					
					

My two best friends are yaoi fans.. They spoiled me really.. D I'm not crazy about it but I used to draw some pics for them.
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm yyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaoooooooooiiiiiiiiiii mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Oh my god! My Yaoi fanlovinnpeople!! Yes I love Yaoi!! Anyone watched hey class president junjo romantica sensitive pornography Boku no Pico (oh gawd) papa no kiss in the dark? Does anyone have any good Yaoi? To read/watch?
Hardcore fuck yes! Suddenly you all will relieze you watch hardcore gay porn XD
Id like to read more  -does pedo face-
How girls talk about porn
Yeah, right when you thought women weren't interested in man-on-man sex.
ohhh the way they cuddle n kiss n fuck each other -drools-
LIKE OMG THEY MAKE EVERYTHING CUTE DX!
o.O Gay butt sex c;
o.O Gay butt sex c;
can't forget dat butt lickin...or the 69
Koisuru Boukun
Sekai-ichi Hatsukoi
im pretty sure potatoes could rule the world c:
you are right, that is genius
This reminds me of a song...
OMG XD niiiiiice.
I bet my pubic hair could rule the world even better.
uhm... Im pretty sure it wouldnt be in office long..... Clippers might try to assassinate.....
I would say this is the most useless thread by far but I would sadly be wrong.
POTATOESSSSSSS
theres a potato song? o.0
o.o potatoes.... are nummy... ^^
french fries
FRENCH FRIES my FAVE
mmm.. french fries... 
Onision 
Potato chips and fries :3
Potato chips and fries :3
Why not just potatoes? They are just fine in their original form. :3
FORM THE POTATO. 
PEEL THE POTATO.
MASH POTATOES.
FORM THE POTATO. PEEL THE POTATO. MASH POTATOES.
you gotta form the banana first, before you go mashin those potatoes
you gotta form the banana first, before you go mashin those potatoes 
Potatoes and bananas never go together, but they go with themselves perfectly.
A banana with a banana and a potato with a potato  Or we could just have a large orgy. You know, maybe involving a pineapple. ;3
Potatoes and bananas never go together, but they go with themselves perfectly.
A banana with a banana and a potato with a potato  Or we could just have a large orgy. You know, maybe involving a pineapple. ;3
i was talking about the song...they sing it to kids at church...it involves tipping le cow
Fuck love, Eat potatoes. ^-^ 
My motto.
Can't even walk cuz there is always a prev looking at u 
Can't eat lick or suck a loly pop infront of guys 
Can't eat a banana no more 
Can't hold something long im ur hands 
Can't hold  a stick
I would come on your face if I had the opportunity.
Dat ass GURL
imma go suck a lollypop infront of some girls, let's see if they try to rape me. 


Prev? Huh...
"prev" .. U mean "perv" 
The reason I cant suck a lollipop is becuz they usually just take it out my mouth and it there selves
when i eat a banana i like to break a piece off and mush it down in my palm. then i scoop it between my middle and index finger and lick it in front of the PREVS
WTF?
wanna meet one?
Yes, please ;3
Yes, please ;3
sorry, can't help you there
sorry, can't help you there
NUUU!! D:
NUUU!! D:
;D
;D
I'll make a prev outta you yet, MMMHHHMMM!!!
I'll make a prev outta you yet, MMMHHHMMM!!!
hahahahah i'd like to see you try
again WTF?
then again this is the off-topic zone
I should learn to expect the most random shit
WHO THE HECK??!! Don't answer my question I don't pretty much care...but it's sure a weird message...or maybe he likes ya
					
					

LOL. I remember when I would do this. Good memories.
tahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahah!!!XD oh my wowzerz!XD i can't breath hahahahahahahaa!XD
When that happens it's probably best to just report it instead of making a topic .
Odd, either way he's been removed now.
if you ever received a long emotional (or not) message just reply... k (makes troll face)
					
					

Funniest thing ever XD
He probably doesn't get any where he lives.
I got that message too -shudder- i told him off and then i got my boyfriend to tell him of too
Ive gotten one of those sorta messages. although not on here, it was on a different web forum. Only in that message, he had a honey fetish, and was most likely gay.
i can see why he calls himself woodhouse
hahahahhah whenever i need a laugh i just come in here:p
mines got to be rockstar
rockstar is alright. the coffee mother is yummy xD
energy drinks don't energize me
maybe I need pure injections of caffine into my blood
amp but i don't like energy drinks all that much
Monster and Venom, but I think they stopped selling Venom
definatley monsters... I'm sooo addicted xD
Monster , rawwr
MONSTER! rawr
monsterrrrrsssssss they make my mouth happy and make me do fun junk xD
Java Monsters ^w^ hehe
ICE COLD WATER. Because if you throw that on someone they wake up faster than any energy drink would do i can wager.
Plus it's healthier.
Monster Assault, but the stupid gas station near my crappy boarding school doesn't sell them anymore grrrr!
Monster and Venom, but I think they stopped selling Venom 
same here, and they didnt stop selling
Monster, and i guess red bull. But that shit is so expensive. I did like venom before the stopped selling it, i loved black momba, or however that's spelt.
~HoNk )
MONSTER!!!  lol
monster is over rated :/


I love nos, monster, and my overall favorite Venom.
It's freaking delicious.
I like ice cold water. It's actually good for you and doesn't have a shitload of caffeine!
none
MONSTER!!!!
Uhh water
Coffee, gives you energy and also has all that wonderful caffeine
I use to like monster but its not good for you _
Monster, venom, redbull and rockstars ^.^
Snickers vs. Milkyway. Which one is better? Why? This one's for you, Leah!
Thanks!!!  u never told me ur name btw :333

And Of Course MilkyWays because of the lovely Sweet Middle!!!!
Neh, I dont like my name dat much, so just call me Kid.(im eatin' my snickers!)
Haha Im going to call u Snickers :333
Ok! Fine with me. Gee, am i in a good mood today, or what! Or maybe its the Snickers...
Lol! Sugar Rush
Doesnt happen often, that's for sure. It takes an awful lot of sugar to make me crazy. My friend Katie is always trying to make me eat junk crap at lunch to get me to actually be hyper and not a slug. At least she's not one of those happy peeps tho
Haha! My friends are usually trying to keep me away from junk food....
Well, seeing how it takes a lot of effort to get me to eat more than an apple for breakfast and lunch everyday, anything more is apparently a big accomplishment. In my opinion, both meals are a waste. All you need is dinner and desert!
Pssssh! All u need is Desert
					
					

YES! Sugar to the world!
Im in love with sugar
But there's never any sugary awesomeness around my house, so I have to buy my own candy, which sucks cuz I only have 11$ to last me till Christmas!
Fuckity Fuck! Thats sucks
Yeah. Report cards came yesterday and I got 50$, but i had to pay back debt and had 11 left over
Wow
Yep. I gots me another Snickers today. They keep me happy! (most of the time)
Lol i sugared down my juice.
sugar for everyone!
Yay!!
Omnomnom chocolate .
Syrup on my apple! Is that weird?
milkyway ftw
I would have to pick Milky Way, its wayy too good not to be picked (:
See Snickers everyone liks MilkyWays!!! Go MW's
bleh, Snickers is way better, your minds are just brainwashed by Milkyways
THREE MUSKETEERS
Damn you Cece!!!! No!!! Stick with MilkyWays! .
milkyway AND three musketeers D:
O ok
I want a three musketeers bar now D:
Wha?!?! Three musketeers! Absolutely, positively not, not, not!!!
D:
-stands in front of Cece and hugs her- if Cece wants a Three Musketeers! then let her have it! Dx
					
					

Oh, fine! *sulks in corner, gnawing on snickers*
Milky Way FTW Bitches
;( well sorry for defending my best friend Snickers
-Sits in a corner cryingg nomming on a milky way-
-Huggs Snickers and Tiffy- its okay you guys
My Snickers is all gone now ;(
D: I still want three musketeers...
Why must the world be so cruel? I will avenge the Snickers!
got to be milky ways
Rawr!!! Snickers friggin rule!!!!!!!!
RaWr MILKYWAYS FTW
RaWr MILKYWAYS FTW i second that!!!
screw milkyways

Thaz right, I said it!
screw milkywaysSCREW SNICKERS ! Hope they burn and die in a hole  ohhh yeah thats righttt i went there
;( *sniffles* fine, just diss Snickers! *runs out the door crying*
Your dissing Milkyways  -sits in my corner-
*rocking back and forth by a tree, slamming head on ground* Snickers is currently having a mental breakdown and is not availiable, please leave a message and she will reply soon. Hopefully.
Snickers get up!!! Tiffy u get up two!
you guys stop fighting over the Candy Because they are both Good (but MIlkyWays are better)
Nope, Snickers are better. Always have been, always will be. :3
Nope, Snickers are better. Always have been, always will be. :3Thank you! Finally, someone with some sense!!!
Damn use all to hell -sits in a corner playing with a razor- MilkyWays will make sure snickers diee and NEVER come back
;(
MilkyWays will rule the world
Psh. Rule this world? Go ahead, this world's a piece of crap anyways. Have fun with that. Snickers is loved.
Psssssh! MilkyWays rule all worlds!!!
Im sure the rest of the worlds are just as crappy. Milkyways deserve their crappy worlds
So now theyre evil overlords?
They Always Were
Just like Lelouch!
Yupp
Where'd he go??? D:
Dx idk
My Lelouch has been replaced by a pink haired stranger!!! D:
Psssssssh! Jeffree is no stranger
Milky Way.
Psssssssh! Jeffree is no strangerWho is this Jeffree you speak of??? (suspicion!!!)
Milky Way. grrrrrrrrs. No one understands da Snickers;(
grrrrrrrrs. No one understands da Snickers;(No one understands snickers because they are horriblee and gay ! MILKY WAYS FTW
Hellz yea! Go MilkyWays! :3
Snickers Dont Tell Me You Dnt Know Jeffree Star!?!?
Milkyways i lubbs u
					
					

No one understands snickers because they are horriblee and gay ! MILKY WAYS FTW What has the world come to?...
Hellz yea! Go MilkyWays! :3Snickers Dont Tell Me You Dnt Know Jeffree Star!?!?Nopes, I dunno who day is. I am so uneducated
What has the world come to?...The worlds gay!
grrrrrrrrs. No one understands da Snickers;(No, I understand them lol... I understand that they in no way match the sheer deliciousnes that is a Milky Way xD
;( *teardrop*
D'aw it's ok. Just accept it xD
;( *sobs*
*pats head*..... *noms on Milky Way* ...Want some? :3
;( *glares+sniffles* No! *Noms on Snickers*
D: How bout a Three Musketeers?
;( *sulks+ignores*
;-; fine then. More for me.
;( blehs. Snickers will always be the true winner in our hearts, even if you do not know it
I could say the same thing about Milky Way
*sighs* will this argument ever come to an end?
Prolly not. Because it's an argument of opinion  and since no ones opinion is wrong, there will never be a right/wrong answer.
True dat!!!

But... THE WINNER SHOULD BE SNICKERS!!!
Says you! Lol.
*cough*threemusketeers*cough*
Hah see, clearly Snickers bars are inferior.
*cough*threemusketeers*cough*Out of the question
Hah see, clearly Snickers bars are inferior.Psh. Says you
Milky ways!!!
Snickers just face it MILKYWAYS RULES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why are you lying to yoursef?
snickers suck! (:
Thank you Shawn :3
Snickers why are YOU kidding yourself?? Lol XD
I never said anything about kidding, I said LYING! NEVER LIE!!! Cha! Snickers kicks your Milkyway BUTTS!!!!!!!
PSSSSSSH!!!!!!! its the other WAY around
SEEE. You're out voted  : D
Sure, that's what they all say
no ur just mad
As in insane? XD
Sounds yummy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha i know!
Do they exist?!?!
Hellz Yeah!!!!!!!!!!
Yummy. Nom nom nom
lol ik
Is it snickers flavored?
I guess thaz okay, i do enjoy citrus fruits
CITRUS fruits. I like me lemons and oranges
double ewwwwwwwwwww
Bleh. Oranges r cool
noooo
Yeah huh!
awwwhs build a bridge get the fuck over it -.-
no
Question marx! Snickers's brain duznt understand!
seriously who gives a fuck -.-
Well mainly Leah and i just enjoy arguing! Isnt that right, Leah?
-Burst into Tears- Tiffy So Mean!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yesh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I cares, Milkyway. Peace treaty?
I cares to Snickers. Yes Peace Treaty!!!!!
Hooray for da SnickerWay!
-Burst into Tears- Tiffy So Mean!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ohh wow tell me something i dont fucking know -.- im 100% nasty get fucking use to it
Hellz Yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whats wrong tiffy??
*confusion* sorry if i pissed you off tiffy. I am a weirdo!
me to
Im in a really shitty mood and i get pissed off easily ! A guy hit me and ive been getting called a emo bi skanky slut all day
*hugs* thaz not true, tiffy. Dont listen to idiots who dont know what pain is
Oh geeze, are you ok???
Im fine now i hit the guy that called me a emo bi skanky slut ! I hit him so hard i nearly broke his jaw
Hellz Yeah! Girl Power! Go Tiffy! -Happy Dance-
HAHAHAHA, lovely xD!
ahaha well apparently i have to break his jaw cuz he called me a slut again ! Arrgh lil fucking shit -happy dance-
Some people just never learn x)
*sighs* so true, Mickey
Indeed.
lol
I have a new opponent.. sour skittles!
Milky Way  Sour Skittles  Snickers.
MilkyWays and Green Sour Skittles Work Together lol :3
really? lol
Hellz Yeah lol:D
Sourness!
lol
This thread cracks me up xD
Me too XD no idea how this even started anymore!
Haha
It started with a simply question "Snickers or Milky Way?"

It's amazing how things grow like that xD
Lol yeah but i always sidetrack in conversations :/
That's ok, I do too. Irl too. Makes life interesting though
And that's why I decided to move this conversation to 'off topic'. I thought something like this would happen.  but that's what emo puddle is for! To find the tiniest pleasures in life
Oh indeed 
It's a wonderful place
And tiniest pleasures include arguing about candies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD
LOL! yes
Www.ehow.com/list_5481302_popular-candy-bars.html
Has everyone stopped defending their candy bar??? Okay SNICKERS WINS!!!
NEVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  MILKYWAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Bleh, no way Snickers is way awesomer
never
milkyways!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
both kinda suck .-. just being honest, I don't eat anything cheaper than thorntons .
Snickers .
Ov cors snickers is waay beta...its my fav choc atm
Snickers is great!. js
Snickers
snickers for teh win xD
I am going with snickers mmm yummy
milky way, I don't like nuts
neither...i don't like chocolate
Snickers
Why the hell is a forum mod posting spam??????? Also multi-posting? Real nice job...


LOVE SNAKES!!! 
snakes are fucking amazing 
Id love to have a snake c: teh all squishy n pretty xD
I hate snakes. Like really. 
They are just no. .-.
Snakes are scary and they creep me out xD
awwww Dx theyre not scary
Oh!! I had a snake once. Her name was Shiba :}
I like snakes just as long as it does not try and eat me or sneak up on me hey it would all be good if it at least let me see it coming toward me but no it just slithers across my foot making me freak out also as long as its not poisons
Snakes be some creepy shit yo.
Some snakes can kill humans really fast, I rather just stay away from them.
I really want to get a hognose omfg look at this cutie
I don't really like snakes *shudder* its a since childhood thing .
What's the most scariest moment you ever had in your life? My scariest moment is when I wake up and see my sister sitting right beside my bed with her eyes wide open and making a creepy smile (like a wide smile or something) like I mean... She can turn people into stone
Wow well it's not my most scariest memory but yours brought up a pretty scary one so last year I was at my friends house and in the middle of the night I woke up to find her 19 year old brother sitting in a chair just watching us
my scariest moment is when I was climbing a tree and the branch broke, I started falling then I had ninja'd my way to another branch but down below was a guy in black, glaring up at me before stalking away...I am glad I didnt fall from that tree I'm afraid what might have happened
My scariest moment was when my friends and i were going to the mall and i didn't have have my seatbelt on correctly so idk how but the car door opened and i almost fell out of the car
My scariest moment is when I was 7 and I got lost in walmart D;
giving her my number
noticing that she was following me...
umm my scariest moment was when i almost got raped :/
.....almost getting caught watching anime porn LOL JK. When i was playing strip poker*i was winning* with a bunch boys and the teachers found us.
Every one gets lost in Walmart even me sometimes... still
When I got hit by a truck.
It was when I was 2, my mom told me it was a miracle,
She still crus about it, she says I'm gorgeous and it's a miracle that I look this way.
My scariest moment is when I thought I lost my cell phone. 
It was simply horrifying.
Telling him i was in love with him /.\ hoping he didn't deny me and give me the 'i like you as a friend but i don't love you' speech was absolutely terrifying...but it was worth it, he didn't deny me ^.^
Use a different medium. I heartily recommend clay. Or just do abstract shizz that you are not thinking about doing. Watercolors are awesome for that.
Just listen to music, close your eyes. Maybe light an incense? and just relax. 
Let your mind follow and let the ideas come to you. Don't force them.
Just listen to music, close your eyes. Maybe light an incense? and just relax. Let your mind follow and let the ideas come to you. Don't force them.
Incense.... I have some o' that stuff from when I was in India, I should light it up...
do you like it? how do you prepare/eat it?
Vegemite is my life XD I eat it on Yoyo biscuits... so good  the perfect mix of sweet and salty
so I am a solo electonic artist and I am working on my first EP titled "fuck off ass-face" and I made two songs yesterday that I'd like to recieve some feedback(be honest please)
so this is the first song called bastardizer
and "kick it to death" which has some vocals from me
and that is why the EP is gonna be called "fuck off ass-face" because the songs are "aggressive" andshit
Nice tracks. Coincidentally, I have a insatiable taste for hardstyle. xD Both songs were pretty good, but my personal taste likes a harder hitting bass with a slightly quicker bpm. I can see potential in you though!
I have to quote this thing I found online somewhere
"it's not the software that makes violent music, it's the programmer"
Exactly. Software and hardware just help it happen :3
please send me in your applications for the agency so I can read them over and say yes or no to you ok.
What kind of Agent?
secret one as in a spy like person, as in a person who defends others but they are a spy at the same time too
Sorry. Government says I can't give away my location....Lol
ohhhhh can I be like a Get Smart agent lol wiv a phone shoe???
Fed detected. Abort. Abort.
anyone who applies for it can be whatever type of secret agent that they please
If we are accepted do we get souped up cars with fancy weaponry and gadgets with an AI computer that talks?
do u wanna apply then ?
if so, then tell me everything about you that is not personal
ohh, i'll join and i call old fashioned Gestapo agent
Depends, is there bacon?
I wanna get in this shit man! Can I be double O 2?
yeah sure, and there would be bacon if anyone wanted there to be.
Yay!
Ooohh I wanna join. I'm Lauren and I'm gonna be a ninja spy xD
Are machine guns part of spying are really want one!
I shall join. 
I'd be a badass agent XD
Am I the only one who loves the trilogy? If so have you seen the Hobbit yet?
And what kind of character would you be: Men, Elf, Orc, Hobbit, Dwarf, or Wizard?
Um...eh I wouldn't exactly call myself a fan but I guess the movies are quite interesting. The Hobbit I know is a must-watch  lol
Confused, you ask what people would be and list 5 races and one job? You're aware wizard isn't a race, yes?
Yes I'm aware of that, I just thought it would be cool to be a wizard eventhought there are only 5 in Middle Earth.

Lotr is epic, and elf
iv seen teh first movie n teh first hobbit n i like it xD man Gollum is adorable x...x
they're coming out with another hibbit movie
I love Lord of the Rings! I even have The One Ring. And I would definitely have to be an elf their race is so smart and elegant.
I like lord of the rings but I love gollum to me he is awesome and funny maybe even a little crazy in the head but awesome! lol
LOTR 
I love Lord Of The Rings. Just bought the trilogy on DVD for $5 each at Target. Watched them over and over again. I would be an Elf, they can live a long time and are wise and beautiful.
I have been a fan of this band for a while. as for genre, it's basically a mix of rock and 80's puck I guess. Which I odd that I like it since I often prefer scremo. I just wanna see if there's Any other fans of this band on here.
(If your a hater, don't even bother commenting )
Me!!! I'm a HUUUGE fan!!
Me!!! I'm a HUUUGE fan!!

YOU, are my new friend :3
I like Green Day, not big a fan. I like a few of their songs, though. 21 Guns=Amazing. 
Green day is the shit, my uncle did there sound in like 98 or something
Green day is the shit, my uncle did there sound in like 98 or something

Dayum. Lucky :/
Luv em
Luv em

WHOOP!!
Ehhh they are okay. 
I can only tolerate them on some days. 
It's just his voice .-.
no
YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY
A forum mod posting spam???? Lol wot? Nice Choice on Forum Mod....This is the best one yet.....
SKITTLES SENSATIONS?? I haven't tried those ones yet :/ Other than that I've had every Skittles they ever made x3
i'll have the skittles spam egg sausage spam and spam sandwitch
A forum mod posting spam???? Lol wot? Nice Choice on Forum Mod....This is the best one yet.....
ima weirdo n different okay lol
ima weirdo n different okay lol
at least it keeps things interesting
*throws skittles* TASTE THE RAINBOW!
tomorrow it will rain skittles
OMG I WISH XD
Open wide people!!!
I would be good
and might piss off homophobes
fukin homophobes
I wear and taste the rainbow.. Problem? BLEAH! 
I live the rainbow
*rainbow shines over a black clad figure*
ohhh RAINBOW KNEE HIGH SOCKS THAT SMELL LIKE SKITTLES!!!
that would be a good idea
awww yeah xD n an umbrella that turned teh rain drops into skittles xDD
ew...chocolate skittles
What about Skittles Riddles, they are my favorite :/
When did they make chocolate skittles ... Or do u mean M&Ms
I don't remember the last time I ate skittles...I'll buy one
Skittles :333
I had sum last wk I think ahhhh sour skittles -demented face-
i must see the juicy dragonO.O
I SAY PURPLE!!!!!NO WAIT...GREEN... :tongue:NO IT'S PURPLE!!!
I thought this was going to be a genuine question -_-

All colors go well with black. Personally, I think red, white, and silver go the most perfect with black. =)
All colors....? :C
White for sure
most do...all colours go with black and whitebut I say...PURPLEGREENREDBLUE
Purple and gray.
And any other color.
blood red :3 or lime green
Gosh I know right, I go through my wardrobe and I find it really hard to match up outfits, fucking hues, I wish there was only one shade of black.
All colors i wud guess...but for me i would have to say purple, orange, red and blue...
Grey
almost all colors go with black. but for me I always pair it with purple or white =P
Dark Azure you can never go wrong black and dark azure it perfect
all of them
dark neon blue
White fer sher
I think red, blue, yellow and green go best. But that's just my opinion.
purple  xx
Anything gos with black so there no wrong answer. but I really like puting reds,blues and purples with black
I really like wearing white with black. It just appeals to me.
Purple, Lime Green, Bright Orange (Sometimes), Gray (Dark Or Light), Maroon/Bergundy, Dark Blue, White (Depending On What You're Wearing), Or Maybe A Bright Red (Also Depending On What You're Wearing)
Red, Purple, or gray. IMO
Most colors go good with black, considering how it is a really bold colors, you might want to wear neon colors and nothing too out of the ordinary
Which one do you peter?
*prefer....lol NOT peter
never had Nutella so chocolate frosting
Nutella.
Nutella is awesooome!
ew chocolate...nutella hmmm
I prefer pickle flavored chips.
dosent matter if its chocolate ill eat it XD
nutella all the way
wait...nutella is chocolate...neither
what do u put nutella on?
OH MY GOD, NUTELLA ALL THE FREAKING WAY 
Umbrella!!!!!!!!
Nutella!!!
Well I've never had nutella before and i dont like chocolate....so maybe the chocolate icing if I can eat it with chips
Chocolate frosting
I love both. But if I'd have to choose, Nutella. Always Nutella.
Chocolate frosting all the way, never tried Nutella, never will.
Johnny Depp is a smart and good looking man.

Andy is just a faggot
Depp has both talent, style, personality and looks.
I'd say Johnny Depp 
hahaha okes xD
Johnny Depp. I have admired that man for many years.
johhny seems to b popular c:
Oh gawd yes Johnny dept, Andy!! Love me both!!
Andy
Andy~
i love both of em johnny is a amazing actor and andy is such a hottass singer
Its a hard one hmmm cuz i like em both hahah xD
Andy c:
Andy!
ANDY
Andy for the win.... he's just smexeh o.o
If I had to choose, I would choose.... Andy.. No Johnny Depp... Maybeh?!
Hardest question of my life! ;-;
Definetaly Andy. Yes.
JOHNNY DEPP!!!!! why is this even up for debate?!
Andy
Johnny Depp is sexy.
End of story. 
jooooooohhhhhhhhhhhnnnnnnnnnyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
JOHNYYY I LOVE HIM!!!!!
jhonny depp 
i like johnny depp. he's an awesome actor and he fricken knows how to shred an electric guitar like a boss
Both of them have their ups and downs, SOOOO HARD TO CHOOSE
Do you believe in reincarnation? Reincarnation is when a person dies and is born again with all the memories of his old life.
I don't believe we humans can do it..but something spiritually can
I believe in it. I feel like we could live another life. But just as a different persona. Hell maybe even an animal. 
Or maybe we just die. Only the dead would know.
I personally do not. I feel for one it's pointless to consider it. If you were to remeber stuff from another life then it just like some spiritual source possesing a new body or form after another and thus raises the question how are there so many? They start from somewhere. But like i said, me personally it just doesn't make any sense to me why that would even be the case. I prefer not to think of my personality or whatever you consider it, being recycled over and over.
Everytime I hear that I read in my mind in that weird worm's voice...
can someone entertain me? .-. pleaseee i'll give you a cookie
can someone entertain me? .-. pleaseee i'll give you a cookie
I would give you a cookie if I could throw one all the way from Sweden to Caifornia
I would give you a cookie if I could throw one all the way from Sweden to Caifornia 
pshh throwing is so overrated n.n its all about flying the cookie on an airplane in first class nowadays~
It better not get stale
pshh throwing is so overrated n.n its all about flying the cookie on an airplane in first class nowadays~
I'll hire my own plane
It better not get stale
do you not know anything about first class for cookies? if it gets stale they give you a plane, cookies are high in society
I'll hire my own plane 
woohoo! i get an awesome cookie from an awesome person whose awesome enough to be awesome!~
do you not know anything about first class for cookies? if it gets stale they give you a plane, cookies are high in society
Clearly i have much to learn with the way of the cookie

I would give you a cookie if I could throw one all the way from Sweden to Caifornia 
We had a swedish exchange student at my school last year... he was hot
We had a swedish exchange student at my school last year... he was hot
most swedish guys are...
damn straight
so I was browseing the web and found an article about the band "falling in reverse"
it's like some religious crap but you should see what the writer listed the genre of falling in reverse is
the genre is "emosexual"
seriously WTF
I don't listen to them but still "emosexual" that is funny as fuck shit


Hahahahaha. Shit *whipes away a tear* damn. Lol
"Emosexual rock group". Wtf?
Emosexual music is the best!
Lyke 0h m@h G@wD.
XD
Lol!
falling "ON" reverse...hahahahahahahhahhXD
stupid as fuck old religious nut right I mean what the fuck does emosexual even mean
lol
How do they know he wanted to get raped ..... what da fuq is emosexual?
I'm guessing the old lady (I think it's some old christian lady that writes these articals) thinks the whole "emo" look on guys means they have fetishes for other guys with "emo" looks or emo is a hip new sexuality for who are emo
hahahaaaaaa. i can't express how hard i'm laughin at the moment. i just read 3 posts from this moron and all of them are full of fackt mistakes. logic mistakes and what kind of an 80 year old woman can do research on teenagers? i haven't had a laugh like this in a while. i feel bad for this woman, not only is she demented but also it seemes she was never that bright in the first place.
i know right lol
so my freshman year everyone in my school hated me and didnt like my very existence now im a sophmore and everythings changed everyone in school kknows me and i get along with everyone ive had no problems that werent school work related and its like im looking in a mirror...my entire worlds been reversed and i know i should be happy that lifes gotten so better but..im just confused..so..curious....what would u do if u were in my position...one of the popular kids who arent stuck up who everyone loves who is an honor student...im used to being hated and in the shadows...but now...lifes backwards..
good for you then
ive been in that position. Just learn to adapt or be apathetic...you'll feel better eventually
just go with the flow, but don't lose yourself in the process.
Treat those who were once like you like you would like to have been treated.
Be a better person because of this, dont turn into a snobby douhce.
i dont like being mean to people so i doubt that can happen
Just go eat some pickle flavored chips. You'll pull through, champ.
Im happy for you, just get along with them my freshman year was like that now sophomore year is about to start for me hopefully I get a better year too
O:..haha yet I feel the same..speak the word
I already knew i had no talent, I was having fun singing, I know I cant sing, I even said I was just bored and trying to have fun, but I show someone I thought I could trust and he sucked all the fun out of it...so now all of my videos are gone and I feel like shit...just *face desk* advice please?
Hmm.... I would just guess continue singing but make sure you are alone first, if you tell someone that you do sing and they show an interest in it make sure if you are going to sing to them that they give you one of their secrets in return. If they make fun of you, you can tell people their secret(s)
Everybody is like that. Your just like me, I don't know what my talent is. But I think what a talent is, is mostly in what your interested in. Once your interested in it, it becomes a habit. And a habit mostly like "cobwebs" at first but then they become....uhmmm the things that hold bridges? Ropes?.... no fricking idea..... but....yeah....i like singing too but.... I sound like a retarded goat...
To me my talent is drawing...but,I don't sing nor dance
Well, my advice is watch videos of me playing music, and you will instantly feel better and forget about the jerky jerk being a jerk because you'll be too busy laughing at how bad I am. Haha
Keep singing and don't care. 
Just do it for fun, it doesn't matter what anyone else thinks
well in P.E I couldn't catch up while playing volley ball I was terrible at it. When I sat down for a lil break the girls in the bleachers tried to rip me a new one about how I sucked at P.E class. But it didn't matter because those girls never got dressed for P.E class. My guess is that one of them didn't wanna break a nail, one didn't wanna mess up her hair, one didn't wear anything but high heels to school.... I could be bad at it but at least I try and that's more then they did. Go on, go sing and if you suck just suck with pride.
Whose your favorite anime character? what would you do to him/her if you meet her in real life?
My favorite anime character is Naruto Uzumaki from the TV show Naruto.
And if I met in real life I would hug him real tight till he can't breath anymore
I would hug him because he taught me to never ever give up
Lucy from Elfen Lied. If I met her in real life I would give her a hug or be friends with her 
					
					

Vampire Hunter D.
myself
Favorite anime charator: Light Yagami from Death Note.
INUYASHA!!!!!!!!
Gaara from Naruto...so sexy

This guy keeps telling me he loves me over and over I hate letting people down or hurting them but he gets hurt when I tell him I have a boyfriend he says I give up or talks about ending his life I feel terrible I don't like him but I don't know how to tell him that nicely does anyone have any ideas?
my bf dose not live near and he would just tell me to call the cops wich u rather not do i am not much into calling the cops on people but thank you i will try your advice
I know it sounds mean but if I say no to someone and they don't back off I would start acting like I didn't see or here them.
I know it sounds mean but if I say no to someone and they don't back off I would start acting like I didn't see or here them.
yea well i may just have to do that because he blew up on me then said it was all my fault comparing himself to my bf and asking who was there for me most then the next day he said he was sorry and told me he was a father....so i am just grr frustrated
You have to be straight forward with your feelings if you don't tell him the truth you are already leading him on.
You have to be straight forward with your feelings if you don't tell him the truth you are already leading him on.
Hm i have never thought of it that way but everything is good now but if it ever happens again I will take this advice thank you
if you can send me in ur date of birth, full name, why you wanna join, what you will bring to the group, will you be faithful or not, age and shit in to me and I will make the best decision possible to let you join or not.
hmmm i am very interested in this 
it seems i cannot msg you 


You got my info I'm probably the most qualified.
I can give you more details if needed.
this sounds like identity theft to me
then again i'm paranoid 24/7/365
if i told you these things, then i'd haveto kill you
That sounds like effort. I'm good.
ok
I might consider if you did not ask for my date of existance in this world
if u do not want to add that then u do not have to
-mission impossible music playing-
umm ok then
I would love to be an assassin. 
Think of the cool shit you can do. 
But my information? that's a little weird.
Just pierced my cartilage!! Can't wait to do my nose!! Need a stud though .. lol Idk I'm just happy ... X)... wank
Piercing yourself is a ridiculous thing to do and incredibly risky. For christs sake get it done by a professional.
For example, self done piercings will most likely have larger scars, more risk of infection, more risk of rupturing your cartilage, you'll most likely get the placement completely wrong and which can not only cause problems with healing but it just doesnt look as nice, and last but not least there are risks of getting blood transmitted diseases. Not to mention you're almost definitely using incorrect jewellery, the fact its not sterilised being the main one. Very very foolish, and not at all cool.
Why would you ever do it yourself. 
I mean if you're going to be stupid at least be smart about being stupid. Sterilize everything at least. But you won't be able to locate and significance vein structure like an actual piercer can.
iv been at it a wile and iv been getting better,but lately i ont feel like im making any progress. so if you got any tips, thank you
Chords. New ones. Find a song online that has a chord or two that you dont know, cover it until it is effortless. Repeat.
Work on different scales, and keep playing them until you get faster and faster. Every musician eventually hits a wall at some point, but in order to get past that wall, you have to expirement with different things. Hope i helped :3
you can play ANYTHING if you work hard and long enough no matter your skill level x
my guitar teacher only uses 2 fingers cause he lost his other ones in a car accident...but somehow he's awesome at playing
Just make sure to try to make a difference when playing, discover new ways of playing, make sure to practice, and defeat those dang bar chords!
I don't know much about guitars. 
But Uhm, get a pick.
what do you find the best way to express your self?
I say writing but mostly drawing for me cause I have power to create something
depends on the situation acutally, what comes to mind first.
ahhhhhhhhhhhh writing for me even though ima art nerd. I tend to express my feelings through writing more than art
Writing...i love it and im really good at it, im in a creative writing class at school
Writing.
masturbaiting...naaahhh naaaahhhh hahahhaha...ahem...drawing
Writing, I wish I could draw but unfortunately, I can not draw to save my life .-.
Drawing and coloring. Never one to turn down a brand new pack of crayola crayons on a nice crisp sheet of construction paper.


drawing  I can't write to save my life, so I draw
Drawing... Even though I suck at it I still try anyways... Art expresses who I am more than writing
Writing but only when I can find the words it's like making art through words
I'd have to say drawing because you know the saying "a picture is worth a thousand words"
Writing I wish I can draw but sadly I can't..so writing
The fact that I can't draw to save my life means that I have to chose writing which I seem to be half decent at, so writing
recently started dating this guy, and idk what to do. He is an amazing guy all around, and i thought that before i knew his age...but im 16 and he is 20. Its not so much is age i am worried about, its the fact that age comes with experience. I'm only 16 just started driving, and got my first serious jib, I just finished my first year od high school...but that's a been there done that for him...what do you guys think of age, bot only in dating but in everyday life. Do you think our social classes should be based on age and such...or am i thinking to much into this?
I don't really think age is all that big of a deal as long as he respects you and treats you right.
You love him he loves you no problem then besides it's just four years
now if he was a old enough to be your dad that would be wrong
Grapeman Is right if your not at les 18. He could go to jail if your mom or dad want to preass charges. sorry if my spelling is wrong
I think that if u love him them go for it, age is more of a figure in mind based on ur birth, so if u want to b with each other then b with each other
Until you're 18, dont get too attached, in any way. Once you are 18, I'd say sure, go ahead and develope your relationship.
its better to be a legal age wen it comes to this otherwise you'll have to pay the price when people find out...
I think it's ok. If u love eachother that's all that matters.
it ain't that simple. the older you get the more irrelevant age becomes like 25 can date 20 year old. 40 can date 30 year old. but a 18 year old can't date a 13 year old. it's just too much maturity difference.
As everyone said. Age is VERY important. I'm sorry but if you're 20 dating anywhere from 16 down, you're just babysitting.
I use to go on the other emo chat on emo puddle, the Chatango one. I was just wondering what is going to happen to that chat. I still get on it on a regular bases, but with no mods to keep the annoying people out of it, and no one to enforce the rules, how is that going to attracted the right people to get on this chat? I have been wondering this for a while, and that chat has around 5-10 people on it everyday. I am rather known on it myself, but I am starting to get tired of all the rule breakers on it, people who are rude and get offended so easily, and refuse to change themself when asked. Many people spam on it and no one seems to care. So my question is, what is going to happen to that chat?


Make direct eye contact and lick your lips slowly.

Run.
umm apologize
Freak out.
wink and say "hey baby" like beavis
wink and say "hey baby" like beavis
lmao that would probably freak the kid out. XD
yeah u shud apologise b4 the poor kid has a panic attack n just explain what happened =P
yup apoligize or
the kid may think she/he should like that kind of stuff and well the kid may grow up to be some crazed serial buttocks toucher
or be emotionally scarred
or grow up being into kinky buttock stuff


Put your hand over the child's mouth, and forcefully toss it into your van, then purchase a home in OHIO(specifically) with a basement. Put kid in basement.
ahahahahahahaha, I feel bad that may influence a kid in this way
yup apoligize or
the kid may think she/he should like that kind of stuff and well the kid may grow up to be some crazed serial buttocks toucher
or be emotionally scarred
or grow up being into kinky buttock stuff
Put your hand over the child's mouth, and forcefully toss it into your van, then purchase a home in OHIO(specifically) with a basement. Put kid in basement. lmao not at ALL petiphillely. Not. At. All. Lol
grab it again
Say " you know you like it "while licking a lollipop. *wink wink*
dude. I AM THE DARK LORD!
NO! NOT THE LIGHT FAIRIES!!! they be nasty and want me to cheer up when clearly depression suits me well.
NO! NOT THE LIGHT FAIRIES!!! they be nasty and want me to cheer up when clearly depression suits me well.
nah. they just wanna be friends with benefits.
o.o umm how about we let the pineapple penguins attack!! xD
o.o umm how about we let the pineapple penguins attack!! xD
absolutely! that's a brilliant idea! chaos shall rein muwhahaha
Come at me.
I'm a llama that rapes pineapples
The penguins shall attack you then!!
o.o you really are strange... I'll shall unleash the polar bears then!!
we have the strangest fucking people on this site.....
I the strangest person you'l ever meet  lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala
Sooo we've cured your boredom and can now unleash the dark lord upon you?
Now, guys.  Don't attract a swarm of mutant Honey Boo Boo Children with a bunch of polar bears.  Please. lol I actually want to see that
^ hard to forget that genious plan of urs
Weird .-.
fun !
What kind of dark Lord are you anyways? Voldemort, the devil, Darth Vader,....? *GASP* ARE YOU SLENDER MAN???
Dude plzzzz! I am the biggest baddest Dark lord Ever! I am Da Moon_Panda, overlord of polars bears and half penguin creatures everywhere
Dude plzzzz! I am the biggest baddest Dark lord Ever! I am Da Moon_Panda, overlord of polars bears and half penguin creatures everywhere  does that include jakyle penguins? If so that's AWSOME!!!! Lol
does that include jakyle penguins? If so that's AWSOME!!!! Lol
what kind of a dark lord would i be if i didn't have any jakyle-penguins as minions
Really?.... This might sound random but..... Can I hug you?
Really?.... This might sound random but..... Can I hug you? No hugging the dark lord!!! That's my job!!! Lol
Im getting a hug? Not realy a fan of hugs but ok.
Oh don't complain. I'll u a million times just in spite of the fact u dont like hugs. In fact..... *hugs u 100000000 times* hahahahaaha!!!! I'm evil. Lol
hai
hai random much? Lol
Its the sound of a karate chop.
Still random. Lol
Are you out of your boredom yet? If not I'll fatal hug you
No hugging!!!! That is MY job!!!! Lol
Then kissing...
U can go for it. That is where I put my foot down sir. Lol
*kissies the dark lord*
Lol *throughs cookies at u* gettin freaky lol
i'm WEIRD ok?
I'm sure we ALL noticed. Lol
yeah.... mod help. *hides behind chelza*
yeah.... mod help. *hides behind chelza* no one can save u now!!! Mwahahaha!!!!! The dark queen has got u now!!!!! *evil laugh* lol
I don't know. But it's still fun. And get out from behind her! * yanks moon_panda from behind Chelsea and hugs him* mwahahaha!!!! Lol
Okay, so first off if like to say hello ^.^ and thank you to anyone who helps. There's a guy i REALLY like and I know he used to 
Like me but I don't know if he still does. I told him i liked him and he quit talking to me. But every time i mention boys to my dad
(My only parent) he goes all crazy and it seem like its just easier to stay single, but I really wanna be with this guy...any advice?
well, first to address, the guy you really like, if he doesnt ever talk to you then he probably doesnt hold feelings anymore, not to discourage you though, lots of guys out there, and your dad, he's doesnt want to imagine you growing up already, to parents time goes really fast with their children, you'll have to lead your dad into this slowly, you'll have to deal with his craziness and his being protective of you, and eventually he will be fine with you having a boyfriend and you'll be able to talk openly about it, he just needs time to adjust. good luck!~ mr squiggly be with chu
Thanks  you really did help me!!
Oh. I had the same exact thing happen to me. But who knows right? men are weird living creatures..but don't push yourself too much towards him..just wait a while..show him that he's missing out on something ya know...but uh if he doesn't...oh well..it just mean it wouldn't have worked out..
Thanks Myra  you helped too!!
Just be yourself and the right guy will love you for that and just deal with your dad slowly. Hope I helped.
It did  thank you all for helping me, I am definitely alot less confused than i was.
I'm glad I could help.
Glad i can help
Does anyone here like raves? ;D
O.o ums...the fasion?
ahh it okes
I was talking about an actual rave, but okies
ohhhhhh...idk
raves are awesome c: lol
They are they are thay ARE xD
lolz what are Raves?
HOW YOU NAWT KNOW??!??!?!
crazy colours lol...
i kinda kno wat raves r xD
Lawl

Google it?
I like raves! Just not ones with shit music :')
Amen to that!!!!

OhMyGod Soph, remind me. I need to tell you one of my rave stories xDDDD
Remix is the rave queen
I be a DJ oh yus, been kickin it in the rave scene since i was twelve. Tiesto took me to my first and iv'e met everyone from Daft Punk to Benney Benassi. The only thing wrong is that yes, people do do drugs but it is a terribly misunderstood event. The few people that do, make the event and word itself it seem like an atmosphere developed, spawned and enveloped in nothing but drugs, which in fact is not true. A lot of people also go for the music, for the dance, for the theme, for their favorite performing artist. Given the rave scene changes quiet frequently, its always sad when it changes for the worst. Its also a place of talent, you've got your glowstickers, jumpstylers, shufflers, go-go dancers, finger glovers, tektonik dancers, kandi kids and pop and lock artists. So depending on what you go for, raves can either be really legit, or just messed up but in the end its all a matter of opinion.
They would be cool if they didn't attract horrible people... Seriously I know guys taht say "How do I get laid?- Oh there is a rave this weekend!". It has been flooded with drug addicts and hoes and honestly I just feel dirty being in one.
raves?...you mean my crib when night falls?
last year i had a sunburn on my nose, just my nose. my hair was just on my eyebrows and i had a realy red nose. and whenever you could see it my nose was red and just slightley above my eyes my forehead was pale and white. so i had this realy weird thing when my nose was red and the rest of my face was white. and it annoyed me so much. but not as much as the bithcy chick who decided she wanted to call me *rudolph the rednose raindear.* and whenever she saw me sha called me ugly because of my sunburnt nose. but once he was with his boyfriend and they were laughing at me and i just flipped. a total rampage. she called me the ugly duckling, well i broke his boyfriends nose. after that she never dared to speak to me or about me again.
Nope.
yes and fat
My mother told me I look ugly without makeup..
Yes. All the time. And fat. And stupid. And they look at me and mean it.
I don't think I've been called ugly before. And for any of you that have, I want you to know that you all are beautiful.
I don't think I've been called ugly before. And for any of you that have, I want you to know that you all are beautiful.    that is so sweet! Thank you.
that is so sweet! Thank you.
You're welcome!
I agree with you 100%.
Well yes ofcourse but its been said to me so much now its as normal as the word hello to me.
iv been called ugly over the internet...if that counts
Yes I have many times so I just brush it off after awhile I just believed it and accepted it
in elementary school, yeah
On the contrary, people tend to find me quite nice on the eyes... "If only you would cut your hair ad wear nice clothes"
Cut my hair the other month for my job, sure enough, the barrage of "Lance! You look so nice with short hair! You hottie! Keep it that way." arrived and I will most likely be growing my hair back after my job is over.
i'm really interested in art but i can't even draw... so what does it feel like to be interested in something that you don't even know how to do?
Awesome. Leaves room to persevere the learning experience.
For me it feels I need to learn it...art is cool by the way and I draw
Learning how to create art is fine and good, but it should be a tool used to express yourself, you should not limit yourself by what you can or cannot do.
Im interested in a lot of things I cant do. Most of the times it results in me either knowing a lot about the subject, or learning how to do it


just...draw whatever it is you feel...and don't stop untill you finish whatever it is you're drawing
My friend Justin is my best friend, but he's very hard to take care of. If I don't talk to him, he cries. But it's sad, because I love him to death. So, if you guys see this, can you post a similar story? Thank you! 
Oh my gosh!! Well then.
Aww! Don't make fun of him! He's a fallen angel.
Ok, but seriously. It is not normal, nor is it healthy for someone to start crying when the do not talk to someone. Sounds as if his emotions have been dragged through some deep shit.
Some kids have difficulties. I have a friend who clings onto me like mad; and I end up being like a big sister to her. Its hard; but just find some people that connect and have things in common with him. That usually works.
WHAT?!?!?!.....I forgot to feed my fish!!!!!!
i have no hope. whatsoever. x.x
I Hate My Generation.
Forgetting to feed your fish isn't a bad thing. Fish can be left for weeks without food and will survive from bits around the tank. People sometimes leave their tanks when they go on holiday, without food. 

I realize that you made this for no reason and me saying that is pointless but I felt that this thread needed some sort of intelligence.

Wut
I'm with you on this, Leah.
as am i
Thanks for letting us know.
is it dead?
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep on swimming, swimming, swimming. What do we do but swim, swim, swim. LOL
what is your favorite horror game you ever played from your child hood to now
pokemon stadium
I have to say Dead Space :3 but the second is my favorite.
Silent hill
The best survival horror with the the creepiest atmosphere is System Shock 2 you will never find a more atmospherec, survival horror game then that. It was released in 1999 and still have not played a better, scarier and more creepier game. Not even dead space 1,2 or even re4 dont come close.
Amnesia, Dark Descent.
This is possibly the dumbest fucking thread ever created on this forum besides every thread that evilactivity creates...!! For one you cannot be "Emo".....two why the hell do you label yourself? 3 what the hell does gaming have to do with being "Emo"? Gawd...people on this forum are fucking retarded.
calm down children
Isnt someone on there special time today. Calm down and take a deep breath and talk CAAAAAAALM.
Lol....I am fucking calm! I guess use the word fucking makes one seen "hostile"
Nope usally when people say stuff like fucking and retared with some .. and ! gives a hint your not calm. Just telling you general info xD
cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
k
Your welcommmmmmme
doesn't matter if u play or not....
not at all. I'm not a hardcore gamer.(only cause I suck) But i game sometimes.
being a gamer has nothing to do with being emo or not, it's a passtime. Everyone has one. Urs is just gaming.
It could also be a great stress reliever so don't worry bout it.
NOthing wierd at all.
No it doesnt. If I wanted to I could wear burberry caps and trackies and I still wouldn't be anything other than who I am.
If you want to label yourself, thats your choice. If we say NO YOU CANT BE BOTH, what, you're going to stop playing games? or stop dressing the way you do, and listening to a certain kind of music? to be honest, who gives a shit, we don't, and you certainly shouldnt.
This is possibly the dumbest fucking thread ever created on this forum besides every thread that evilactivity creates...!! For one you cannot be "Emo".....two why the hell do you label yourself? 3 what the hell does gaming have to do with being "Emo"? Gawd...people on this forum are fucking retarded. Well actually you can be in a sense it wasn't a a n actually sterotype and people say it's just music, But that isn't true is it, We have rock and rockers don't we. You can be whatever you want to label yourself just because you like gaming doesn't mean you can't be emo. Although if you are asking this question you are more than likely just looking to fit in with a group of friends because you play games too much and can't find any....
i dont think so, plenty of ppl r obsessed wiv games whether if theyre emo or not
Lol....I am fucking calm! I guess use the word fucking makes one seen "hostile"See? This is why you are my father. This is possibly the dumbest fucking thread ever created on this forum besides every thread that evilactivity creates...!! For one you cannot be "Emo".....two why the hell do you label yourself? 3 what the hell does gaming have to do with being "Emo"? Gawd...people on this forum are fucking retarded.I couldn't agree more.
I love you Green.
Not at all I'm "EMO" as they say and I love to game (major zombie gamer)
true true
Yep what green said.
This topic is stupid
I'm emo.... And I play a lot of zombie games..I ask myself that question too... But i don't give a shit
Like why would a 109 year old grand pa not play god of war?
Oh gosh.

tumblr_mgqn5g2ij31rmussro1_5001.jpg hahahahaha!!!! Morons!!!
How does Kwashiorkor even look like fat.. fat children don't have emaciated limbs.
tumblr_mgqn5g2ij31rmussro1_5001.jpg
Oh my god... xD
I gave up on humanity years ago. .-.
It just gets worse and worse man.
I gave up on humanity years ago. .-.
It just gets worse and worse man.
True that.
I love lava lamps!

Do you?

Do you have one? 

Because I do
Lava lamps 
What kind of lava lamp is it?
lava lamps are awesome....i have 3
i want one O_O
Three? No fair Dx
theyre soo stare at-able O...O
OMG IT MOVED!!! 
*glomp glomp*
XDDDD
*stares at a lamp* so....captivating....OHMY FREAKING GERBILS THE BLOBY THINGY...why does it move in such a vertical fashion? lol XD
i love lava lamps
*stares at a lamp* so....captivating....OHMY FREAKING GERBILS THE BLOBY THINGY...why does it move in such a vertical fashion? lol XDi love lava lampsHEHE LOLS ^VV^ XD
lol *little kid voice* big words make me sound like me has a lot of smarticles ^~^
haha lols yes they doo
i wants a blue lava lamp :3 becaus blue shizz is cool lol
blue is very cool...purple too...n red...n black XD
what if...there was a rainbow lava lamp?
awsumnessss WOOT!
-stares at it foreva n eva n eva n eva-
-waves my hand in your face- hellooooooo?? -stares at lamp- whaaaa..... @~@
XD

Chels is hazed at the moment

Please leave a message after the beep...

*beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep*
im the moon...staring at the lamp -for eva n eva n eva- grrrr its glow is prettier than mine .
Nice! 

Mine is blue and purple
i want it
Nuu!! It's the one Drew helped me get!
awesome lamp ya got there... i has a red and black one ^~^ like the blobs stuff inside of it is black
I'M JELLY DX
-steals-
I WANT IT!!
-steals back- its illegal to steal from a black person XD lol you mad bro?
and it ish mine c:
-steals it- mine nowz ^vv^ MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA
DX *steals*

I'M OKAMII XD
SUPER EMOCHELZA IS COMING TO STEAL IT BACK!!
*steals back from both of you* I AM THE ALMIGHTY GABBY!! and i shall declare this lamp that i bought with my money...mine :3
haha i like that ^vv^
lol like what? c:
I want a lava lamp ^vv^
I have one
*steals back from both of you* I AM THE ALMIGHTY GABBY!! and i shall declare this lamp that i bought with my money...mine :3i like this  lols
Imagine a room filled with lava lamps O_O that would be awesome xD
Lava lamps r efin awesome say it in slowmo
Why?  

I feel like a fool
l.a.v.a l.a.m.p.s r a.w.s.u.m.n.e.s.s
Yep they are....would ya want one by anychance for your bday chelza?
I want one for my birthday! D;
Yep they are....would ya want one by anychance for your bday chelza?haha lol i guess :/ i dont really hav any place to put it thou...
Pfft, so? Put it on a desK

BOOM

DONE
i hav two powerpints but theyre in dodge places .
?
haha yeah xD well you can find room for it chelza oh yeah stupid powerpoints .
Powerpoints?

As in, a slideshow?
lol no...powerpoint as in where you put a cord in the wall for electricity xD
You Australians are so confusing LOL
LOLZ no more like you Americans are more confusing!!! xD
lolz that is a powerpoint!! ^
Whoa

That's sooo different from here.
its like a outlet with a switchy thingy on it O-o
I know, but they look different then the ones from here, and we don't call them powerpoints. 

A powerpoint (to me) Is a program designed for slide shows about various things, used in schools or business.
lol wat does urs look like??
lolz we have that type of powerpoint too but its called. Microsoft Office Powerpoint

what does yours look like? O.o
Amii...show them pwease...its just like two rectangles side by side and then a square below them....why does yours have a switch? ._. this confuses me
i wanna c wat urs look like xD the switch is for turning it on n off lol
Eh. Someone else get it
....
i'll put a pic of it up the next time i get on a computer
why is the switch actually on it tho? lol we have ours usually in a wall somewhere :3
Yeah, if anything. On the wall
ours r in the wall
But, not on the plug
the plug goes into the powerpoint...so it goes into the wall O.o
we hav switches on the walls by themselves too but theyre like light switches n such
					
					

then...but...IM CONFUSED!! DXX
omg .
how is that confusing? o.o its logical you plug things at the powerpoint and you turn it on and off at the powerpoint
i get that. but why have two switches then? cant you just plug a light into your powerpoint thingy and turn it on and off there?
yeah u can....but the lights in rooms....on the cieling hav their own switch on the wall by itself
My basement is kinda like that

Like, certain lights and plugs are to certain switches

It's like MOTHERFUCK

Because we have a huge fish tank down there that needs to be running nonstop

So we jsut unscrew the lightbulbs
oooh...my whole house is like that XD
I'd never last in ur housse
you get used to it
no .
i mean, i flipped a switch and it turned the tv off. that always happens x-x
Lol fail
o.o
oh hahaha lol xD
lol
oi hate it wen lightbulbs blow
there. that's what it looks like
No I don't like them.
THANKS GABB
I HAS 4 OF THEM. i win!
^ 
can i hav one???
WELCOMES

jajajajajaja ours is all regular and shizz
there. that's what it looks like lol it looks like two faces xD
i never noticed that
hahaha lolziez
I used 2 but it broke
._. urgh
Lava lamps are amazing and trippy o.o
umm... i cant choose between either Invader Zim or Spongebob Squarepants??

so my question is...which one do you prefer??
Both haha so hard to choose ummmm SpongeBob! (;
invader zim cause gir is so cute
Invader Zim hands down.
Invader ZIm ...me and my bestfriend have bestfriend necklaces..mine has monkey and she has gir
both kinda poo .-.
I hate both of them
We will have an army against you, husband.
I hate cartoons! lol ok bring it on lady! xD
go to kitteh fight. or whatever.
WE ARE ALL WAITING
****uses leah as a shield****YAY I SURVIVED

ummmmmmmm how about um..idk _
mwhahahahha..I survived!
hehe KITTEH FIGHT??!!! *gets claws out* heheeh ^.^
spongebob. nuf said
Invader Zim duh! its only the most amazing show ever.
SPONGEBOB IS LAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! GIR IS JUST AS LAME!!!!!
Invader Zim 
Invader Zim 
SPONGEBOB IS LAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! GIR IS JUST AS LAME!!!!! -cies- how dare you say that Shawn.
BACON??!!!! WHERE??

ok...you wont give it to me? i see how this is
*gets my zappercake out* THIS IS AN ARMED ROBBERY!!! GIVE ME ALL YO COOKIEZ!!!! BEFORE I BLAST YOUR MUSTACHES OFF OF YOU!!! ....
i love Gir 
YOU BETTER HURRY UP!!! *whispers* i also like rainbow lollipops and cupcakes...
-cies- how dare you say that Shawn.Im sorry But I hate them D:
-finds rainbow cupcake!-

and Shawn... but but but... it's Gir!, I dont care much form SpongeBob, Sorry twin, but Shawn.,. -cries-
Im sorry But I hate them D: How can you hate them???
I have no words for you, Shawn.
Invader Zim! Spongebob is no where near as kool as Invader Zim!
Gir is AHMAZING HOW COULD CHU NOT LIKE HIMM, SHAWN
How, huh? D;
Pluss he's green.
END OF GREEN, DAMMIT.

.-.
...agh its hard picking just one. gir is adorable yet i know spongebob more... yeah. Spongebob.
I pick Spongebob! XD
heheh gir is adorable ^.^
zim-"why did you take the chip out?"
gir-"to make room for the cupcake"

heheheh and so is spongebob!!!
THE SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS MOVIE IS THE BEST!!!!
INVADER ZIM!! GIR is supercalifragilisticallyexpialidociously (Idk if I spelled that right) adorable!! 


Invader zim!!!100% I like spongbob but love invade zim  bacon soap
Invader Zim !!!!!!! Gir is just tooo freaking cute!!!! 
Spongebob is awesome. but so is Gir .
invader zim
Spongebob

Invader Zim...Gaz is my homie.
Blood On The Dance Floor!
					
					

Neither D:
I like singing... I guess I'm good
I like to singing although I'm not good at it at all
I like to sing quiet a bit.
i try...i have kareoke night at my dorm every night...always loose my voice in the morning though
I love singing, but my love for pickle-flavored chips is even greater.
i cant sing to save my life....so yeah im dead
I like to sing just not win i'm arond people
I love singing as a solo. But I LOVE singin with my Women's Honor Choir
I love singing its fun it keeps me calm...memo x3
idk if I am good
I love to sing c:
I do
I love singing...but ill only show the people i love the most how good i am...others just get the minimum...
I like to sing while im pinching my nipples....
im awfull at it :c but i love it so much
I actually love singing. I was in choir for two years.
People say I'm good but I have a low self esteem on it .-.
what accent would u love to have memo? 
me an English accent 
When I'm really pissed, I speak in a russian accent... When I'm nervous it becomes british, and when I''m scared,, it's Irish... when I'm oober excited, it's Austrian.
When I'm really pissed, I speak in a russian accent... When I'm nervous it becomes british, and when I''m scared,, it's Irish... when I'm oober excited, it's Austrian.
lol when I am piss I have an irish accent
I loooove southern accents...most of my bf's had had southern accents....suuu that one xD
Hmm.. Well apparently I have an aussie accent v.v which I dont see nor hear
I lyk french, italian and some english accents (some english ppl just sound snobby and others their english accent makes them cute)
My accent is crossed between Australian and British because I spoke in a British accent for a year and when I tried to speak my Australian one it was mixed...My favourite accents though are French ones, I could listen to those forever and ever. The End.
I must have the weirdest accent on this whole forum unless anyone else is signed up on here from my part of the world, ahah.
My accent is pretty European borderline American. You can tell I grew up around the world and in not the same place
french or english xD
ugh if you guys heard my ghetto ass native accent you'd laugh your asses off xD
British and contretto
I have an English accent, you jelly?
I got asked out by my friend and rejected them. I said no. I now feel like an ass. How to stop the feeling?
same thing happened to me just know that if you had said yes and you didn't really want to date him then you would worse just tell them its really not personal and that you still want to be their friend and don't hold it against them you never know you could like them in the future.
Aww. Thanks... It was a she btw
DUMB ASS!!!!!!!!
Stop talking shit and you won't be an ass. XD
All I can say is all you did what you had to do. It's the best thing to do. Just being honest. You aren't an ass for being honest.
You are just fantastic Guy Fawkes
^ that's stupid, I would shove the 10 zillion "dallors" up your ass
burn half of it in front of whoever gave it to me, buy a house and car, get a bachelor's degree, buy some my little pony shirts/minatures, donate $1000, pay for my best friend's college degree, buy a replica of the Master Sword from legend of zelda or the varia suit from Super Metroid, get an amazing job, save the rest.


Throw it in savings. Spend accordingly.
Throw it in savings. Spend accordingly.
I would give you $100 every time you spelled "dollars" correctly. And then invest the rest of it in a series of ice cream trucks.
Throw it in savings. Spend accordingly.
Bye shitloads of band merch with about 100000 of it, get concert tickets for all my favorite bands with it. Get every single one of my favorite bands cd's. save some for it for colledge. And finally, bye a bouquet of flowers for Mitch lucker's grave :
I don't believe in money o.o
buy craig mabbitt

Wipe every ass in canada with a $1 bill, then keep the rest.
give it all to the Venus Project!
um.... id save it and try to win another $10,00000000000000000000000 (I didn't feel like counting ) im to lazy to count too
thats a lot of money lol....um Id do a lot of things hahaha xD
Eat it o.o
Have My Own Planet Built And Get Off This BITCH!!!
if so lemme me know what or if you play a roll like Fbpage admin, artist , musician. fanfic writer, or just supporter 
Im an amature musician and fine artist, and I have pages for both of these.
Im an amature musician and fine artist, and I have pages for both of these.

I think she means fandoms as in groups of people that follow tv shows/cartoons/mangas etc.
Like superwholockians and cumberbitches and homesucks
I don't like fandoms. I mean I can be a fan as an individual but not as a cult/family/powergroup ect ect.
Naw that ain't me.
I'm doing absolutely nothing. Which is boreing as hell
going to Houston Texas
and doing art program
Yur mum.
all of them BUT not a big fan V-V of twilight :/
Underworld for the win :-)
Interview with a vampire.
i'm really interested into meeting new people so add me talk to me and lets see how this goes x
salutations...but this isn't le introductions forum
i know i'v been on here a while and i thought it would be a good idea to put it here incase we went off topic and decided just to all talk about random things like did you draw your profile picture???
hey! I'm Veronica.
I'll be your friend if you give me pickle-flavored chips. Otherwise, no deal.
Hi im Lilli
*gives Robbie pickle flavored chips* 
Man, now u made me want sum lol XD
					
					

yay peoples  x
im Andy  nice to meets you
Do I really have to say. It's quite obvious^^^
lol ello Im Ash ^.^
hello x3 it's amusing your username has x3 as I'm working on my precalculus work
Hey, I'm Kyler and I'm negative, and like BvB! :]
Hiiii!! I'm Sharon! I just joined and need friends too!
Hey I'm Maygen :3 I'm new and need some friends so anyone interested, come and talk to meh!!!
Hi I'm april..... Warning. I'm really weird sometimes. Lol
Make anommynous...however you spell that... Report to someome to pull her aside and tell her to knock it the fuck off
Make anommynous...however you spell that... Report to someome to pull her aside and tell her to knock it the fuck off yea. That is excellent advice. Also call her a mother fucking bitch. Don't forget to shoot her some mean looks and flip her off.
Call her a fucking mother fucking dick sucker and tell me the story at dutsongirls@hotmail.com
I get bullied a lot so I tell them to knock it off... and I usually just ignore rude comments and block
I can help(sortav,kinda,not really)! Well for the name calling just pretend not to hear them, then give a cold blank stare, personally works, might not for you. For physical damage I cannot help, I need help with that, i'm physically bullied by somebody, and I just take it, I don't fight back and I cry as they do it, I could be on the ground being beaten ,but I don't have the strength to fight, and if I did it would be worse
I think andy beirsack or dahvie vanity. Wat bout y'all?
Kellin Quinn...for sure!!
Kriss 
Dunno. Haven't met everyone on the face of the earth.
Don't you just get plain annoyed when people make threads about you? Sheesh.
Why did you even ask... clearly it's me
Why did you even ask... clearly it's me  lol if u say so.
??????
this has got to be the most useless thread ever made....
I'm going into the Marines in two years. I think its pretty awesome but other people don't. I jus wanted to know you guys' opinions. c: btw my hair no longer looks the way it does in my profile pic, I just don't feel like changing it.
I'm joining the army in a year or so, I think its awesome :3 I actually can't wait to start
Im in the Army right now. It's not for everyone, and Im telling you its not easy at all.
13T also known as 13 useless
Army's cool too. I've been switching between Marines or Navy. But, I have until the end of my junior year to decide

Thanks man. Really appreciate it .-.
I totally agree with you. People need to be more patient when it comes to relationships. Personally speaking, I know what it's like to sell that status, but I end up falling for them in the end.
I Think You Get To A Point Where You Are Lonely Enough To Say Something Like That And You Should Keep In Mind That Good Thing Come To Those Who Wait, I Can Understand Both Sides I Think It Just Depends On The Type Of Person You Are. You Can Tell Im Still Waiting lol
Alrighty motha fuckin hoes... I gots sumthin ta say her... ANYBODY that thinks they be takin my man from me is cray cray!!! YOU MESSED UP IN YO HEAD DEN BOO BOO! Cause honey guess what!? He dont want to basic ratchet ass bitch like u... I will whoop yo fuckin ass but ya know what... AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FOR THAT! I wont grab my shoes or nuttin... And i'm not gon get broncitis... So now all yall need to understand that he is mine... I am claiming his penor... his anur... his fingers, head, feet, ears, nose, eyes, mouth... ETC!  Me n shawn have some nice histery... we go WAYY back! I fucked him to (jk) But anyways... shawn is my lil fagget... hes my honey boo boo child! I put him up on those pagent stages and he shakes his tight lil ass! He be mine yall skanky asses... and now im done... You got that? K? K? KKK?? COOL! thats right now walk the fuck away... (bitch)
LMAO XD
oh my god xD
lol okes i wont mess wiv cha hahah xD
I'll do whatever I fukn want -___- I don't want chur man. He sucks penus lollipops. Like, how dum iz u?
I'll do whatever I fukn want -___- I don't want chur man. He sucks penus lollipops. Like, how dum iz u?
Dani i never said you could leave your hole. Get back into it now.
I'll do whatever I fukn want -___- I don't want chur man. He sucks penus lollipops. Like, how dum iz u?
I suck on very large penusssss lollipops. it was good too. ahahaha
lol how did this turn into penis lolipops?
Welp, now we all know Endofgreen15 is a genuine faggot. Congrats!
Of course you do :3
Quick everyone, drop what you're doing and give Innocence some much needed attention.
Make it hot, too.
Hot gay sex? consider it done.
eh hem... threesome bitches ;]
no.....
yupp...
Lolwut the fuck did I just read.
Im claimed by Joey. That's what u read.
i'm lost
Jealousy....so much jealousy.

wat if we want em too? xD
Joey will kill you...LOL
not if I kill him first xDD
aha Good luck with that XD
Shawn is mine so watch it... aint nobody gon kill me!
Honestly, he's not worth arguing over....  and woman, there is OBVIOUSLY no competition... to be honest it looks like he has Shawn won over so.... better luck next time. And that's just my opinion. But', no, not worth arguing over.... .
Why is it always the people like me who get bullied. They always call me a freak and an emo-lesbian
people are fucking asses
Words only have power over you, if you give them that power. Ignore it, wicked people exist and the world is not easy. You just need to overcome and move on.
Because people are strange.
Thanx
Fear.
Mob mentality and ignorance.
my "best friend" was hanging out with my ex boy friend witch i broke up with the other day :/ and didnt invite me out even though im suppost to be her best friend aswel :/ and i ask her to hang out alot but somethings always in the way
well then you should just talk to your best friend and express your true feelings if she was your true best friend she would listen to your opinion and not get mad
Thats totally normal to be sad. Anyone would be upset if a close friend was hanging around with a person who they just broke up with.
You should confront her in a calm and kind way; and just talk to her about it. If she is a true friend she would understand and stop hanging around with him for a while.
Or she should at least ask you if you don't mind; even if you aren't with the guy anymore.
If you could walk around in your underwear...would you? So pants or no pants...or maybe nothing. lol you choose. Id probably choose depending on weather. pants in cold, and underwear in warm
I already do.. sooo ._.
I'm pretty good with pants.
Got to go with pants, but idk lol kinda depends...
Pants, but it just depends
lol sweet.
I never wear pants. Ever, not since i was..eight. Skirts and dresses are where it's at.
PANTS! I love pants =P
neither...refering to pants and underwear...i never liked clothes
neither...refering to pants and underwear...i never liked clothes
O o oh jeeze. That's hardcore.
O o oh jeeze. That's hardcore.
hehe why thank youX3
i choos based on wether cuz i gt cold easily
Underwear xD but it depends. On the weather
i suggest you all wear nothingX3
Lol nope i rather underwear.not that comfortable. In my skin
depends on the situation
Most of time time Im walking around boxers only....Doesnt matter how hot or cold it is...
I walk round in my undies and bra sometimes
Lol nope i rather underwear.
not that comfortable. In my skin
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm just your underwear?
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm just your underwear?
hey I mean as a pair counting bra xP
no pants
NO PANTS!!!!!!!!!!!!! no pants are funn
I never wear pants. Ever, not since i was..eight. Skirts and dresses are where it's at.
and open toed high heels
If you could walk around in your underwear...would you? So pants or no pants...or maybe nothing. lol you choose. Id probably choose depending on weather. pants in cold, and underwear in warm 
Same!
well I'd have to shave my legs to be without pants and well yeah if I was not hairy i'd be without all clothes but I will be without skin
Leather jacket, nothing else
NO PANTS!!!!!!
Okay, so, I'd like you to tell me the people you admire or like or whatever I don't care. 
They can be from a band, an actor/actress anything really as long as I can find a picture of them on the Internet 'cause I wanna draw some people & I don't know who to draw.
I'll try to draw all the people suggested but it might take me awhile.
Once they're done I'll create a folder in the gallery & put them in there so you can see them once they're finished if you want to do so.
Thanks in advance.
-- Also if you wanted me to draw someone close to you like family or friends then just send me a picture through messages. 
					
					

black veil brides and johnny depp XDDDDDDDD 
Do you mean BVB drawn as a band or individual members?
Adolf Hitler.
Paul gray Slipknot
From Slipknot
hang out with friends and my bf  and family
I'm gonna work alot it sucks for me but there's cash involved so I wouldn't complain
Sleep forever and ever
do you watch anime? and if so what anime is your fave? :3
yes i do. my fave would have to be bleach or naruto
It is impossible to have just one favorite anime. (._.)
mine would be Weiss Kreuz, Black Butler, and Angel Beats
I'm currently obsessed with One Piece and Soul Eater o.o but my favs are Inuyasha, Devil May Cry and Kuroshitsuji! ^.^
Its InuYasha,Soul Eater,Dragon Ball Z,Elfen Lied,Black Butler, and many other
i LIKE BLEACH AND HETALIA!!
My favourite is:
Nabari no Ou
Death Note
D.Gray-Man
Black Butler
Code Geass
& Zombie Loan was pretty cool too.
My favorite is and always will be dragon ball z!!!
Impossibru
Impossibru
hey isnt ur profile pic from summer wars??
This thread will make me commit sudoku.
hey isnt ur profile pic from summer wars??
yep
yep

Its a cool movie xD I liked the story of it lol...
Let me live the dream.
Indeed I do. My favorites are Black Butler and Death Note. I just got into Anime about a year ago, though, so don't judge me, please.
pumpkin scissors and koreha zombie desuka?
i will flavour?
Any flavor :3
not this again
I will make you soup if you purchase some pickle-flavored chips for meh.
id go for tomato soup
chicken noodle yummy
Vegetable soup please D:
ha!...tis done...if you're still sick
i like chicken soup wiv croutons xD nums chicken noodle soup xD
awww pumpkin soup nummies even thou i dont like pumpkin lol haha ^vv^
the best medicine is a shot of scotch a piece of cheese-cake and a nap.
the best medicine is a shot of scotch a piece of cheese-cake and a nap.
I'd take almost anything to feel better.  And I LOVE tomato soup!
souuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuupppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp is awesome
i'm one as well and i eat cereal, more coco pops for me *nom*
Well today me and one of my cousins got together and we started talking about one of his friends that committed suicide and the note he left...well my cousin was upset because the note didn't explain much about why it happened. Then being the oddly messed up children we are we began to talk about our suicide notes (of we'd ever come to the point we'd need to write them)...my note wouldn't be a note at all but a song..
That's good you burned them lucid....


Now mines pretty messed up but a bit funny to
Now I'm not tryin to make suicide funny its serious i kno but that is my legit parting words to my fam ....the you're cool part goes to all the people that love and support me and the f bombs to the ass holes
i shall make the law of gravity optional.
i shall make the law of gravity optional.
xD Oh yes. Law of physics? What law of physics  
I'd buy four rabbits 
attach a peice of paper to each one
Those numbers would be 1,2,3, and 5
Tell the agents there's 5 rabbits loose with numbers 1-5
Laugh as they try to find the 4th rabbit
i like girls with big butt for guys don't really care how they look
With a set of genitalia.
I like guys like this
I like girls like this
Androgyny all the way. I like lithe skinny people, that look like they'd be a bit chewy if you tried to eat them.
Any guy who wears skinny jeans *o* like seriously it's so sexy ^.^
And I like girls who wear skinny jeans and BFMV tees ^.^
Who this??? x...x
I like guys who are like tis ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Who this??? x...x
I like guys who are like tis ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
thats danny worsnop  and i like emo boys but i dont really mind what girls
I like guys like this
Omg yesssss!!!!!!!
Uh hot ones
Well I know but I dont. I say I like these types of guys n then I end up falling for someone who is completely different to my taste haha xD I guess its because you dont get many goth emo scene guys er in australia....
Ones that wear eyeliner and can make me feel safe and can make me smile a real smile and one thats not fake
Someone who is intelligent & very good looking. And has a good taste in music. Nuff said.
I like girls with brains. Very rare in these parts :
dress as sebation
cecle
miku
neko
or panda girl
I'm totes going as panda girl 
cool xD
my friend said it might be to revealing -.-
he said he would freak out the jerk
I can't cosplay right now but if I could I'd either be Sebastian Michaelis or Grell Sutcliff. lol guess that's crossplaying
					
					

OMFG IM GOING TO AVCON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
IM GOING AS MIKU!!! XD
OMG!!!! In Adelaide??!!!!! If you are we should soooooo meet up!!!!!!
I've cosplayed as:
Pain
Hidan
Jirobo
And most recently death the kid
I'm not sure what cosplaying is ?
OMG!!!! In Adelaide??!!!!! If you are we should soooooo meet up!!!!!!
yush adelaide ^vv^
I'm not sure what cosplaying is ? 
when you dress up as anime characters, or movie or game characters
ooooh
found something better maybe Erza
this outfit maybe?
I'm not sure what cosplaying is ? 
How do you not know what closplay is?!?!?!
when you dress up as anime characters, or movie or game characters
I dress up like that on halloween but that's it
Im dressing up as Miku this year...
Hopefully I wont look stupid cuz im short...short miku


Im dressing up as Miku this year...
Hopefully I wont look stupid cuz im short...short miku

U can be Hachune Miku! Lol
quite possibly going to Helsinki as L or maybe Light, or maybe even Blackstar since a friend of mine wants to go Helsinki as either Misa or Tsubaki
But in the summer.


quite possibly going to Helsinki as L or maybe Light, or maybe even Blackstar since a friend of mine wants to go Helsinki as either Misa or Tsubaki
But in the summer.
LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!! that would be wicked awsome
U can be Hachune Miku! Lol
Id have to draw squiggly circles thingys on my cheeks lol
I DONT HAVE A FAKE LEAK D:
i wanna cosplay my mates do it hope4lly i can do it with em some time yesterday i dressed as an anime charactor in soul eter 4gotten her name but she wears a skool girl outfit and my mae dressed as maka it was cool apart from some comments
I would love to cosplay as Grell (Kuroshitsuji/Black Butler) and Belldandy and skuld (Ah! My Goddess) xD and Shiro (deadman wonderland
Oh my god!  I love to cosplay I'm going to a anime revolution in Vancouver this summer I had no idea what to cosplay as I was thinking maybe hetalia death note naruto bleach bolcoid Sherlock Holmes supernatural dr who or something else I dunno though
Miku cosplay! First time wearing it xD
my girlfriends ex is coming over her house tonight....so it will be quite late and he will probably stay for long because he lives very very close,he goes out with her best friend and he has cheated a number of times in the past .... do you think i should be worried?
I think that in the sense that he has cheated in the past, you should be worried for her friend because he could cheat again. And in another sense, you should be worried because he could move in on your girlfriend. But DO NOT do anything about him, speak to your girlfriend about you being worried and speak it out with her see where that goes. I myself have had that situation before so do what I said to do and it will be fine.
Lol. I know many girls who'd flip shit if you even suggest you're thinking these things.
id be worrying...
once a cheater, always a cheater it seems like it
yeah i wud be worried with that rep he cud be movin in on ur gf so fight for ur love dude!!!
I HATE when tht happens
LolWut. 

choking on yogurt ?

MyLord. Dangerous dairy products 

This is why I am vegan :3 Aha
people actually do that?...how?
snekey fruit at the bottom
oooooooohhhhhhhhhhh...i don't like yogurt
Yogurt is bad for you; Just stick to pickle-flavored chips.
Ha the title made me laugh...
It happens to me too xD
Oh my is that possible
I choked on water once ._.
Lol so have i
Haha. I've choked on yogurt... It wasn't fun, but everyone laughed (including me).
this is random but.. if madusa and slender man both looked at each other who would die first???????
That really is random lol  Medusa would die first! Unless she developes some hectic karate moves
My boyfriend has started to turn quite moody lately and he's just told me to go kill myself. He also only calls me useless, a faggot, idiot, bitch. I don't know what to do since I can't break up with him since we see each other everyday but I hate the way he's become. Any help?
just because you see eacother every day doesn't mean you must date him. why can't you just break up with him if you don't like him anymore
Yeah i think u guyz shud try to talk it out but if it still doesnt work out then it's probably better if you guyz just break up n at least try to friends instead.
You guys should probably have a break
Take a break... You don't know what mere aggressive words will lead to.  Just saying.
He Calls You A Bitch Call Him A Fugly Bitch, He Calls You A Faggot Call Him A Useless Piece Of His Mothers Shit, He Says Go Kill Yourself Tell Him Right After You Kill Him, He Gets Stupid Enough To Get Physical Break The Bastards Nose....But That's Just Me /:)
Tell him he's a faggot, bitch and idiot. See how he likes it and break it off
Break up with him, he doesn't deserve you.
i feel so happy and it brings my mood back up
i miss spell feeling sorry

yeah wen u win v.v
i wanna do that too
hahah Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs xDD
this has nothing to do with anything but there are 666 topics in Emo Music, and thats just awesome
WOO HOO!  lol
Yay! Haha
lol, lets have a party to celebrate xD
reveals 666 birthmark
bow to me humans or die listening to JUSTIN BIEBER
MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA *takes breather* HAHA
reveals 666 birthmark
bow to me humans or die listening to JUSTIN BIEBER
MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA *takes breather* HAHA
lol cute
Mwahahahahaha
m not sure
Really? I wouldn't blame you some story's are pretty empty :3
I think theyre okay...ppl told me they were scary but when i watched the cupcakes one i couldnt stop laughin o.O yeah i kno sumfin must be wrong with me....

I think theyre okay...ppl told me they were scary but when i watched the cupcakes one i couldnt stop laughin o.O yeah i kno sumfin must be wrong with me....
Cupcakes Rainbow Factory Sweet Apple Massacre :3 they where really weird story's but A name in the darkness was pretty fucked up.. 
Which ones are you favorites of all? 

Doesn't bother me much.

The last man on Earth is alone in a dark room.








There is a knock at the door.
o.o
Does the man have pickle-flavored chips?
Oh yes I love creepy pasta jack the killer is my favourite one!!!! Beside slenderman 
yes
I just love anything creepy basicly everyones like ahh that creepy and I'm like awww how cute 
I freaking love the "lost episode" creepypasta's. you know, like suicidemouse.avi or squidward's suicide :3
i love em
i love creepy pastas,i mostly love Slender Man and Jeff The Killer
Never heard of it
vdbgfhdbgiugh how could you not hear of it! and i read both day and nite doesnt rreally matter to me lol
Grimdark, yes. Cupcakes, RainbowFactory 
Gosh what are your Chinese and zodiac signs???
ima pig and a scorpio gawd lol
I'm a tiger and Leo! ^.^
Snake, Capricorn
Tiger and I can't remember my zodiac .
I am a pisces and an ox. :3
I'm a Rat and a Capricorn 
I'm a dragon and a cancer
Sheep and a Gemini.
rat and scorpio
Dog and Libra...the perfect balance
do any of you believe in all the zodiac stuff? like who your compatible with and lucky numbers etc?
not really
The personality part can get really close its scary lol xD i cant remember what site it was but i freaked out at how like accurate it was...but yeah idk lol
I believe in it  I use to check my daily horoscope everyday before I became lazy
Mine are the tiger and the lion.
Your zodiac is the lion. I have the same. 
Tiger and I can't remember my zodiac .
Libra and Tiger
I'm really, really, really, really tiiirrreeed. But i cant go to sleep ;-; stupid homework
homework always kills us
to not to get overpowered by homework i just don't do them. simple and effective. why do homework when i can get everything done in class?
Hate homework i see no point we did the same thing kn class only to do a different version at home
im on my last year of school and we've only just finished a term and im already freaking out that im not gonna get shit done...urgh im sooo gonna breakdown this year sometime
Do you like Valentine's Day? or do you hate it? then if you like it have you ever had a valentine or not?? an if you have who was it or what was it??
I hate Valentine's Day because my Valentine's always treated me worse then usual.
Meh to me it's just another day. I used to look forward to it back in elementary school when we got to make these boxes and give everyone a little Valentines day card which some people gave candy with it! CAHNDY!!! Mine was usually the best looking  Nowadays I don't really hate it but I don't really like it either I guess that just comes from me never having a Valentine
i have no fucking valentine cuz no one asked me just cuz im different.... FUCK THAT DAY!!!!!! 
It's just another day don't hate it don't really like it either
CHOCOLATES!!!!! X3 memo lol
It's just another day don't hate it don't really like it either
I agree...
I mean i dont get obsessed or desperate or depressed if i dont have anyone for that day...its just a hallmark card holiday used by corporate companies to push people to buy a bunch of cheesy merch....but then again if you have someone and want to show them you love them, then you should plan on that being every time you can show them, not need a specific date for it...
mixed emotions but i just treat it like a normal day, if i get things thats great but I don't expect something or anything. I just don't exactly love it though.
Well idk if i hate it or not.... an this is gonna be the first time for me to have a valentine an im almost 18 sooo yea
i hate it bc i always find out that my valentine is cheatin on or would rather be some one lower than me.... it sux i wish there was no holiday for love...!!!!!
I have a special song for all of you on this very special day.
Hmmm I like it and no I've never had a valentine but I like because it just a really sweet day
my ex Willam got me a German Shepard puppy for valentine's hes soo cute i named him Rex lol an me an him are maybe gonna get back together maybe i hope;-)
I have a special song for all of you on this very special day.
good song right? :3
well ive never had a Valentine cuz im lame like that...
damn LULS!
I have a special song for all of you on this very special day.
chelseaaaaaaaa!!!!...you should be my late valentine...and i'll be yours...because it's a great song
chelseaaaaaaaa!!!!...you should be my late valentine...and i'll be yours...because it's a great song
gahhhhhhh ahahah xD
I hate valentine's day...
I'm alright with it. xD
So I feel like posting this... Hoping this is where to do it. But kinda in a place in my head where I need to jus let my fingers type...
Life is not easy. It is quite hard. Alot harder now that I'm out of school and don't have someone saying this is where you need to go and what you need to do. I wonder sometimes about life and the point of it and get so caught up in my head that I practically drive off the road. I know it's not a good thing, but it's not a bad thing either. I value the things that keep me here more than I would if I didn't have a darker frame of mind, but I know that it puts more pressure on the ones I love. I've turned to drugs and self-mutilation in the past, and yeah, a few attempts upon my life. I have tasted the blood in my mouth and I have wished for the blood of the ones who put me here.
But all in all, I am glad I hit that fork in the road, for I know that the fork coming up will be easier to deal with than the first one. I know if I keep my head and remember that people are people and the ones I love are loved by me for a reason, I will get through it still breathing. My head may not be held high at first, but once I realize I made it, it will be held higher than ever. I may still have my bad habits. I think too much. I am overly sensitive. I smoke my cigs like a kid drinks soda. But I am a much better person even with them...
Thanks for reading and letting my fingers fly. Simply putting into words that I can re-read allows me to feel slightly better.
Feel free to post whatever is on your mind, whether it be towards me or yourself.

this should be on the members introduction page.
Do you taste like pickle-flavored chips? o:
Everyone goes through something, and life is no paradise, I know. But in the intro, as the guys said, but life does get better, it's still hard though.  Thank you for sharing this, at least.
Depends what you mean by perving I suppose. Admiration and crushing from a distance is one thing, while perving is a little different. I haven't actually done the latter in real life since I don't even look at people all that much to begin with, but the former I had done obviously.
I don't perv! i admire from a distance, in a bush, behind a tree, while reading a newspaper with eyeholes and a camera. 


Admiring from a distance all the way. I'm a massive creep, what can I say.
I am short sighted and I don't wear glasses outside of the classroom so that means I have to get a little more dangerous with my perving. I usually end up just placing myself a couple of metres behind them, if I get caught atleast I will find out pretty fast if they are interested or not. Usually they do not have enough time to tell me they are interested, they always have to run away just at the moment they see me for some reason.
No.
So...Last night  I  was wathing '' How I Met Your Mother" and of course like every other show this weekend...it was a Valentines Day episode (if u watch the show then u probably kno this episode..). Anyhoo, they were saying that everyone that's not in a relationship by Feb 14 gets desperate to find a date for Valentines Day. So basically on Febuary 13 people's standards are lower to find a date...
       "A ten has the self esteem of a four, and the energy of a two..."
    Hence creating February 13th Desperation Day... now to me this was total bull puppies but i just wanna kno if you guys think this is real thing...Like is that how people really feel when this halmark card holiday is comming up???
					
					

It just seemed pretty dumb to me...
to me i could care less if i have a date or something for valentines day, to me its just another day of the week. but if i had someone which i dont i would be all about that day buying flowers and gifts and cards and making poems and cheesy stuff like that for my girl. but i have no one so its whatever ^.*
Desperation is what makes you make bad choices. Personally i find the whole lovely dovely thing very tacky regardless of it being one day a year. Besides it's very generic and you shouldn't start a relationship or relations with someone just because of it being a thing one day a year, It hurts a lot of people.
o)
hint. it is a face.
If u an think of any cool faces one u use while texting, lets see em.


Start to learn how to type like a proper person and then I might take in consideration your puny thread.
cyclops!
Start to learn how to type like a proper person and then I might take in consideration your puny thread.
it's a Belly Button!!!
It has to be a cyclopse!  lol
opinion?
His eyes are too close together and he's ancient.
8/10 would bang violently.
that pic he looks sexy...but in others eeehhhhh
he eh lol
6 or 7/10
since the 6-pack is uneven and i have slight OCD i'm gunna give 5/10



waaahhhhhhh Dx
OMG my exgirlfriend, Holly! Dx That bitch is one ugly motherfucker!!
why are there no pictures of scribe in here
why are there no pictures of scribe in here
I've never seen what he looks like.
shinee xD beast xD LM.C...wait...idk if theyre jpop or kpop Dx
LM.C Ghost Heart 
Bell The cat
Yup. That genre is ok.
I love K-pop! 
This song by super junior is very catchy xD Mr Simple

i have a black berry curve 9320 .....fucking sucks
Iphone 5
samsung galaxy fit...urghs
Sony Xperia V, it works quite well, just occasionally can't turn on my screen.
I've got a samsung galaxy ace... It sometimes freezes on me n its annoying .
can't say i ever have. But i have had 2 or 3 of my high school teachers show up at my house because i wasn't in school
thoughts on the my little pony friendship is magic fandom???
i'm a brony and i watch mlp istead of homework
I've heard of it.
Not really my thang, but I respect the people who are so open about it
Get out.
what are you people talking about? what is/who is/was/will be BRONIES?
Did someone say 'Bronies'?
WHAT IS BRONIES
I am quite fond of Ponies.
Vinyl Scratch all the way.
ohhhhhhh now I see and no I'm not gonna watch I may be a fag wear eyeliner wear red lipstick and black nailpolish and am into crossdressing (for the fun of it) but I'm not watching such a thing
You massive fucktards.
That's kind of offensive. First of all, just because you watch MLP, doesn't make you a fag/gay/etc. Second, you don't have to be rude to them even IF they are one of those things. Third, I watch the show, listen to teh Fan-Music, watch Fan-Made videos about it, and I enjoy ALL of these things. The show itself is great, and has a good story, funny jokes, and is ORIGINAL, unlike most of TV these days. Same goes for teh Fan-Made things.
if i would to flip a coin between you and me what are the chances of me getting head cx
50%
your were to write a pick up line not answer my cx
You filthy scum of society.
'ohh heyhey' -awkward giggles and goes red, strips over, falls off a building face first into the dirt and someone walks over you on accident...dying elephant noise-
Dear Jesus, I walk in the valley of darkness for I suffer from depression. I feel unloved, rejected, useless to myself and useless to others. I feel lost in a world I no longer understand. At times, I want to sleep and never wake up again. Lord, I believe that Your love is a transforming love. Jesus, Son of David have pity on me. Out of the depths, I cry to you.
Lord, even though I feel nothing, I still praise you for the wonder of my being. You have formed me in my mother's womb and watched over me to this moment. I am precious in Your eyes and You love me. On the Cross, you shed your blood for me. You have carved me in the palm of Your hand. For all this I give you thanks and praise.
May your Precious Blood give new life to me and to all those who suffer as I do. Take each one of us and hug us to your sacred and loving heart. Through your glorious wounds may we be healed.
Dear Jesus, when you fed the crowd in the desert, you wished to gather up the fragments, lest anything be lost. As I wander through a desert and darkness of my own, I ask you to gather up the fragments of this shattered being, lest anything be lost. Through the prophet, Joel, you promise to restore the years that the locusts have eaten. I ask you, lay Your hands gently on my weary head and restore me. Let your face shine upon me and give me back the peace and the joy that has been lost.
Amen


another stupid topic
I really don't see y not
Wanna preach jesus? Go to Christianmingle.com
1) It was a joke
2) At least you have a chance of finding a gf/bf
3) could possibly get laid
4) This wasnt exactly directed to you.....
You too. Everyone.

no never will
i have there so fun
uh yes sometimes but with friends
i hate when teachers do that cx
Yeah, you finnish a power point presentation... and you're all"So yeah... erm... that's... what I came up with... cause... yeah."
this is why I'm in independent study
so I won't look like a nerd explaining synthetic division
It's only bad if you don't know the answer. If you do, you can glare really smugly at your friend as you do it.
do you know such boy ?
What is your favorite video game? Mine is Sonic 
and Black Ops 2.
Portal 2, Portal, Bioshock,Black Ops (Zombies), Black Ops 2 (Zombies), Minecraft, All dem Spyro games on the Playstation, All dem Sonic games on the Sega Genesis.
assassin's creed liberation wipeout 2048 OMG Zombies! and jetpack joyride
oh and runesword 2
Hey how are you doing? How are you feeling if you don't want to talk you don't have to
im okes...u?
I'm so bored how're you
ello ello *Waves* Im okayish thanks and chu?

oooh would you look at that the flying penguins are eating the pineapples OO
Ov-------vO im gonna bite u!
I'm good I'm just bored and have no idea what to do please don't bite meh *cowers behind tree then looks at penguins* ahh crap there eating my pineapples again!
Meh, pretty chill, pretty chill.
strange, unstable, paranoid, hungry.. x.x
Lonely...need a cookie-and- ice cream-eater-anime-watcher-awsum-snuggler to hang with...
Hahaha I'd be your buddeh but sadly cant
what is your thoughts on dubstep:3?
m not a very big fan...m sorry
pretty good, not my fabvourite but I do like it

I hate dubstep tbh -.-

Wub 
to tell the truth it's a wannabe verion of industrial/EBM
I prefer getting vaginally devastated with a coat hanger.
No, no no no. Not just no, but HELL no. I don't listen to that shite.
xD I FUCKING LOVE DUBSTEP!! mostly when I'm depressed though lmao
Pirate or ninja?
der ninja
pirates are grody
(Secret alternative) PirateNinja!
Pirate
i'd be a pinja
Ninja :3
Ninja
ninja =)
pirate with devil fruit powers
Pirate
(Secret alternative) PirateNinja!
yes
Ninja
I AM JACK SPARROW
Secretly I'm a ninja (check behind you if you want proof)
Corvo Attano - a ninja with supernatural powers and piraty kindof equipment. Fear my sneakyness!
Ninja
ninja...i already live in everyones shadows might as well use them to my advantage lol


PIRATE!!!
Ninja
i would be a ninja and with my sneaky moves i would steal there ship and sail to america and hang out eating noodles.
ninja
Ninja of course
Ninja :')
Pirate. I would be a really flamboyant pirate just to confuse people.
What is better, personally I like pie better but what's everyone else think?
CAKE!!! definatly cake, a birthday cake, with bananas, strawberrys, whipped-cream and peanuts!
Marcus has a good point... but Pie is better... Better texture, better creamyness, goes better with ice cream, good any where, and few crumbs!
Cake  chocolate mud cake lol every type of cake yummy :3
I just wanna see who else besides me believe in Wiccan
Im Wiccan i just go about things slightly differently than most hardcore wiccans
It's just Wicca
I am wiccan. I am getting married in a wiccan ceremony on Halloween this year :-) Blessed be xx
I am wiccan. I am getting married in a wiccan ceremony on Halloween this year :-) Blessed be xx
omg that is awesome! im happpy for you,even on halloween too!!
That true haha
I dont know...
I believe but I'm still kinda new to it all.
Uahh cool! Can people tell me there favourite spells
i think i found my 
yay xD at least someone has....
Fuck you.
Oh how I wish
I took this question a little differently. My other half is impatient, devious, clever and merciless while I myself am creative, music loving, easily inspired and alive. Iv'e met my other half plenty of times but boyfriends are cool too.
LINGERE!!! IF I HAD ANY LOL
Day. My usual activities warped my internal sleeping clock to where I stay awake till meh..five am or so give or take, then I sleep in till two.
sleep during the day to see the beauty of night that people miss out on...also sleep in jeans...there comfy for me lol..but no shirt...too irratating
Whenever I can get like 45 min minnimum
depends, I usually sleep naked though, unless its cold then ill throw on a thermal and some socks
I sleep when I can.
I would sleep in a giant pickle-flavored chip.
when its hot a red bow shorts and a tank
when it snows a jacket -__-
in my bed, under my blanket, cuddling my stuffed elephant.
in my bed, under my blanket, cuddling my stuffed elephant.
a elephant cute I have a huge teddy bear named after my favorite person x3
I sleep all day eery day
cute pjs xD
lingerie of course too...
corsets ^vv^
awwww over sized band tshirts so i can sleep wiv teh band members  tehehe
A coffin because that is where my heart already lays, broken and cold..
Nah jk probably on my bed in a fort due to major boredum
Oh crap what would u sleep in as in wear wow I gotta read properly before writing I'd probably sleep in y fav oversized band t-shirt and a pair of batman pijamnas shorts
I love coffee. and I love either french vanilla or a strawberries and cream frapachino from starbucks.
we totally should...coffee and zombie movies
Eh, Zombie movies are okay
but Zombie movies and COFFEE is amazing
MOCHA XD
AND WTF COFFEE
OMG!but Zombie movies and COFFEE is amazing I couldn't agree more!  Not that I'm asking to have coffee with you... don't take it the wrong way... but I never invite myself.
I love COFFEE omg  Caramel Macchiato is my favourite
Coffee is fun. But I prefer it as a flavor, in small amounts. Caffeine can have rather negative effects on the brain.
Oh ?
I have heart problems and it makes me feel like i'm going to die. So I get decaff iced white chocolate mochas.
Mint Mocha. Nice stuff. :3
YUS
Irish coffee, with a bit of irish whiskey in it.
coffee is shite...
hot tea is the only way
coffee is amazing !! i drink 3 cups everyday
i need it to function  lol
nothing better then Aroma Grand coffe with a splash of Scotich Leader whiskey in it. but i only love the taste, if i drink 3 cups of coffe i can still take a 2 hour nap.
I like coffee xD
I've never had coffee before, or any kind of energy drink (Monster, Rockstar ect...) for that matter. Just a lot of Mnt Dew
restricted espresso coffee arabic 100% on tiny cup, sugar on the cup before the coffee.
5 times for day. (more or less)
i can't have coffee...so tea
cappacinno xD
In my point of view envy and jealousy are two different things. Envy is a feeling of wanting something someone else has with no malicious intent. And jealousy is a feeling of disliking a person because of what they have with malicious intent(?). This I know is true because I've felt both of these. What do you think? Are they same or different? Even if a dictionary or thesaurus say there the same but.. I JUST WANT TO KNOW
Envy and Jealousy and are great and all, but pickle flavored chips are even better.
I think their different..i think jealousy has more to do with people and envy is more about materialistic things...i ferr one am a jealouse person...
jealousy is dumb...envy is a humunculus
iv felt both...
theyre both different...
hi there i am always hearing about cannabis how it is bad 4 you and it does this to you well i say bullshit i am a smoker and proud to admit it i have never done anything stupid under its influence so i thought i would post this up to see what your opinion is on cannabis do u like it hate it or don't mind please tell me how you truly feel towards it
one I dont know what it is.... but I dont like the idea of people smoking....its bad for them health wise
i dont really see wats so bad bout it since i kno ppl who smoke it...
I used to smoke marijuana a lot/pretty much all the time during my long drug stage.. But it wasn't doing anything for me. Was just wasteing my money, wasteing my time and just bringing my health down at such a young age and setting me up for a fucked up body and mind later on. 

I find smoking any sort of substance stupid. Even if it is for medical purposes it's silly. You're just fucking up your throat and all passage ways to your lungs and your lungs them selves and so many other things.
I have to disagree, my mother died of cancer. Toward the end it was the only thing that made her eat.
i kno its bad...but im totally not against it if dat makes sense...i think its bad but i wont judge if ppl smoke it...its de choice to do so
i kno its bad...but im totally not against it if dat makes sense...i think its bad but i wont judge if ppl smoke it...its de choice to do soi agree 120% with you it is there choose if it is what helps them 4get or helps them express them selves why should we judge them it is sad really but that is how life is lol
I agree lol never done anything stupid and im pretty ditzy. I honestly think it helps with my depression a little. Just not a whole bunch. I only take shotties now though too, I only use a small pinch to put on top so I can try and get the head-high from the tobacco
Not everything about Cannabis is bad...
It can't Possibily be as bad as smoking!
Cigarette Smokes have like 10,000 Chemicals in them!
Cannabis is a plant
It needs to be legal for medical purpose!
It can help people with certain types of Cancer and that is a great thing.
Goverments Spend big money on trying to destroy a plant that could Actually help Hummanity because they can't regulate or tax it easily..
DONT BE FOOLED SMOKING CIGARETES IS WORSE THEN CANNABIS!
Both are bad if done for the sake of doing it but Cannabis can actually help people with certain diseases.
Smoking cigareets should be illegal and has no benefits what so ever but its totally legal!
Cannabis should be legal for medical Purpose. But is almost intirely illegal everywhere!
WTF is wrong with this world?
Your Hearing the opinion of someone Who thinks all Cigareet Companys should go to hell 
However i am completly for Medical marawana!


Well it can be bad I guess...
Im not really against it but I would never have it
Has anyone heard of the new Google Glass ?
Yep. We've got a few pairs at work to test out. Pretty neat stuff.
wow interesting ....
ohh they look so cool xD
Can't wait til google glass comes out
It looks cool, but I doubt it will work as well as people expect it to.
Hey guys i just wanted to make a status that has to do with thheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ...zzz
I think you got the time wrong  it only 8:54pm lol
I think you got the time wrong  it only 8:54pm lol
You're Australian, your time is strange and irrelevant.
You're Australian, your time is strange and irrelevant.

Haha is not your time is strange and weird
Haha is not your time is strange and weird
*Cough* christmasinsummer *cough*
Haha is not your time is strange and weird
Silence colonial we own you.
Someone needs to call the warden Arron, the prisoners are getting rowdy again.
Someone needs to call the warden Arron, the prisoners are getting rowdy again.
Quick start a barbecue that'll keep them in line while we are waiting for help.
*Cough* christmasinsummer *cough*
And? Its better than freezing and not being able to do anything at christmasSilence colonial we own you.
Im allowed to talk, and people from england hardly ever associate with aussies so we just follow the law n then do watever we want so if I want to talk I will lol
Ok so I drempt that I was in a Silent Hill type of world. There is not alot to tell, but I witnessed and heard the sounds of multiple VERY detailed murders and I was trying to escape these Silent Hill type creatures and I think my friend was murdered by one of the creatures. I was horrified when I woke up XD
ooh oh! uhm last night... i was in a dark creepy forest or watevs... and i was just walking along minding my own biz.... then a random skeleton horse runs by me and i start hearing voices o.e it was soooooo creepy
i had a dream where i was a carrot and was beating away rabbits with a shovel. that weir enough  ?
I dream of the zombie apocalypse.
The last time I had one, it was at my school. The outbreak had started and the campus was on lockdown. I snuck away during the chaos to a dugout at the baseball field to get some bats. I was cracking zombie skullz. Unfortunately, there was a flash flood and high ass water. I was jumping table to table to reach safety. I was the only survivor
Well I no this is weird..... but I dreamt that I got raped by a potato
The last dream i can remember having was years ago..
I was in a building flying up or down stairs and hearing all the mobsters talking from there doors.
they were talking about this mobster called frankie! Weird dream and weird super power for that dream i know....


Well I no this is weird..... but I dreamt that I got raped by a potato
I'm not sure how it's possible to get raped by an inanimate object, unless you let the potato grow roots into you. Either way, I'm sure this says something about you.
I once had a dream where i was flying thru the air over a massive field full of candy cane coloured circus tents that kept spinning and spinning, later i ended up in a tunnel looking for a way out i met a girl and we had to run to the end because we were being chased by a blob then i was randomly sat in a room with said girl talking about pretty much anything then someone knocked on the door and i jumped out of the window. This dream constantly happens to me. It's odd.
Liek omg, those bras are so cute. I especially love ones with frills in black and white.
I know aye xD even novelty bras are amazing ^vv^
I love cute bras they make my day, just putting them on is a joy XD
i kno theyre su cool xD
Well if a guy wears a bra and it's made of UV reactive material I'd do him in UV lighting
...normally I just like mine to comfortable and black, or white/tan. Maybe a bit of lace or something. But yeah I guess its nice to have a cute one..
Well if a guy wears a bra and it's made of UV reactive material I'd do him in UV lighting
teheheh LOL xD
I've only very recently discovered this, but I have a huge thing for fluent sign language. Oh god.
The other day i was contemplating learning it, it's a rather wonderful way of communicating
It's gorgeous *3*'''
I actually can sign very fluently but recently I haven't been doing it all that much. :/
i learnt sum sign language at my old old primary skool cuz we had sum deaf students...
I to know sign language now i know verey little
All I know is how to tell someone to fuck off and the moves to the lyrics of Gay Bar
Watch mister tumble
i kno the alpahbet, thankyou, clap and turtle
i kno the alpahbet, thankyou, clap and turtlethat's all you need to know
^ Lolz
i always wanted to learn the sign language
I know nothing. /greatI'mtheoddoneout

Teach me quick!
ima deaf if anyone knows sign fluent!
that's all you need to know 
TURTLE IS A MUST! CANT GET THROUGH LIFE WITHOUT KNOWING TURTLE!
Snakes are awsum xD I want a snake!
Fun Fact. The fruit bat is related to humans because it actually evolved from an ape. Interesting isn't it
This is my favourite animal EVER!!!
just because he does that face
lol cute ^
I would love to have a pet bat n panda xD

Lol would help to know ur youtube name so can check out others 
P.s. Ur accent is adorable x3 haha
I saw all you're vids in YouTube I subscribed :3 and I like your hair you look cute ^^
she does have a point nobody really gives a damn bro
Lol okay little internet tough kid wants to tell me no one gives a damn. Lol say it to my face and lets see just how bad i'll put your ass in a hospital.
at least i dont put fake pics up c: to make people think you're a tough guy, but anyway that's the last imma put on here im not gonna get it trouble
All you are is internet tough you talk mad shit behind a screen. But in real life your a little bitch. why do you think you were going to leave after the second reply? because your ass knew i was right.
im cool. i just want to beat this nigga to the ground.
you say i sit behind a screen? at least i dont internet date cause you cant get a gf in real n00b
Im sexy as fuck. Its your dumbass who refuses to show their face. instead you have to put up a pic of a anime guy whos better looking then you. Shit you properly never had a gf in your life. let alone even defended a girl you like with your small ass fragile self.
Lol where do you live. i'll show you just how tough i am. lets go.
...fag...
...and I thought the Pope had issues....
lol im laughing at your tantrum, i got girls to back me up so bloop
LOLOLOLOLOL you guys have no idea how much im laughing...stop you're gonna make me pee myself!!
where do you live?
Bro,...plz shut up. I don't give 2 shits about your sexiness. Hell, I'm tempted to troll you because of dis stuf
;_; Gonna ignore me buttface?
why dont you want to answer the question? come on im still waiting. i'll let everyone in my gang watch as i beat all your asses. lets go bro where do you live?
I'll just put a .45 in between your eyes.

As i said before
Fire. Hose. Up. Your. Butt.
You're an idiot to stand out in the streets pacing up and down expecting us to come lol
I can pick you off one by one with a .308 
I live in louisiana. Try me.
its cool i'll just find all of you using member map. see you all in less then a week. later
Ok
Hunny, come and get me c:
lol massive rage
Funny how 1 comment can start a war. De ja vu
You guys need to calm down and go eat a cookie, and I happen to enjoy reading about useless information... don't get me wrong, I knew that when I was 6 (I read encyclopedias and dictionaries) so... yeah... and Faggot means Pile of sticks and Nigger means Ignorant or arrogant.  Seriously, why get offended?  They're proving them selves as an illiterate fool. XD
congratulations no1 cares :L SORRY TO INFORM YOU
So yeah, exactly what the title says c:
I've been looking for quite awhile now and the only information I can find is basically singing lessons 
So my question is, how do you make the actual sound? I already know to use my diaphragm (I sing) and all the other bits and bobs.
So yeah, how do you make that growl sound?
Suck in, or growl out. There are so many ways. I only know two and I'm pretty good. Singing lessons are a joke.
Same as you... cherry
kool-aid?...hahahahahah ghetto
Watermelon kiwi
strawberry!! i love tht flavor soooo so much
Koolaid? o.O whats dat?


Grape
All of the above
All of this randomness, I don't know if my body structure can sustain it all.
randomness doesn't necessarily make life more interesting. Oft times a random thought can make for an interesting conversation or turn of events, but forced randomness, or banal randomness just disrupts the flow of thought/conversation.
Spontaneity is far better than randomness.
being serious all the time is boring, i meant you should have randomness in your life to make it more enjoyable, it works with me
Your sense of 'randomness' is quite retarded.
I'TS NOT RETARDED ITS BEING RANDOM ITS NOT SUPPOST TO MAKE PERFECT SENSE.
My arm socket is loose :3
i fell and jacked my spine up. x3
Ok um goo goo gaa gaa
and it rained blood for seven days
did u guys know i played poker with Jesus whilst riding a wooly mammoth? yea. it happened
i rode a llama into the Grand Canyon
Nah man, I prefer to be Duck Feathered
Lmfao!
APPLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! .
Which is better?
The harlem shake?
The plank?
Or Gangnam style? xD
ummm a mixture of the harlem shake and gangam style? xD
This.
This.
i got clawed in the face by some dick while playing sport, i was like , 'what the hell'
zumba? really? when ever someone says that I picture old ladies in leotards or spandex... not a pretty sight XD
zumba? really? when ever someone says that I picture old ladies in leotards or spandex... not a pretty sight XD
hahah lol it was at school n we all could try it haha...it was hard trying to wobble ur bits while doing other crap lol....its tiring
fair enough, my P.E teacher made me ride a horse..... not a good feeling
aww you get to ride horses?! unfair lol .
If only I gave a fuck.
aww you get to ride horses?! unfair lol .
i guess you dont lol xD
How about you beat your friends with a sledge hammer.
No
-FLINGS ARMS AROUND AND WIGGLES AND SHAKES AND GOES SPAZ- ohhh yeaaaa im the best dancer alive!!
^Shut the fuck up.
^ Lolz. Someone didnt get his nappy time.
^Shut the fuck up.
Some shove a dick in this kids mouth so he shuts the fuck up.
^ I can't hear you over all of these throbbing cocks in your throat
niether dances are good you people chould consider cyber danceing
www.youtube.com/watch?v=srKhIppSMhY
and unveiled is right it's irrational


Guitar. All the way
i play both, drums is better in order to kick out the stress. Also's a good physic exercise.
Guitar's someway more easy, you will learn very fast the basic, but it will be hard to master it.
Do you got a private teacher?
I don't know. I've always loved both. Personally, I've always wanted to learn to play guitar
hmmmm...it feels like my body won't be able to stop if i play drums...and my hands will freeze in the oddest way for the guitar...so i choose drums
Bought an acoustic recently and currently lerning to play it (alone) which is hard, so, that.
guitar xD i wanna play the guitar D:
Guitar
drums but i never played an instrument
both
electronic distorted drums though I prefer to just sample what I've made and have it played while I sing and play synths
Some of mine are
That which does not kill us makes us stronger - Friedrich Nietzsche
If you can dream it, you can do it - Walt Disney
Whats everyones elses ?
I'm a banana. I'm a banana. Look at me move!!!!!
Don't ever let the media tell you what you'r body should look like. You're beutiful the way you are.
Stay beautiful, keep it ugly. - Gerard way.
I like this because i can depressed over sometimes.
Don't dream it be it - Rocky horror. I just love that one!
My faces are just a few simple ones like:

O.0

0-e

What's your favorite face(s)?
0.o 
X.X
=^.^=
I text so many faces, haha.
c:

:3

(/.\)

._.

.-.

And more
\(^o^)/

  (\    /)
=(O.O)=
  (v    v)
 (''')  (''')o


^vv^


xD


.
ShitChelz. 

Calm. 

down. 

C:
:l
;-o
= w=
;A;
o 3o
 n
 u
= n=
i like the evil face

=] bwahaha
v . v

@ . @

 . 

T T
V_V D_D  _ _
((^_\\ //IX
(//_-)

O.o
=^.^=
:3
XD

c:
:3
c:
^o^
=^.^=
in habit of this atm V.V
what happened to the faces?! this guy's of his chainz postin too many times!...oh yeah and...e.o
new fav: ((+_+))
perfect for all situations if you know what it means
@.@
If you had no physical or material limitations, what would you be/do in life?
Ive a hankering to be famous for my art and music. I'd love to tour and play at small venues and larger events.
haha yeah I was bored okay"?!!!

anyways the titile explains it all 

what did you have for breakfast?
chocolate milkshake...

ive also had icecream before, Up n Go, bisuts, nothing...lol i dont liek breakfast very much so i tend to eat crap or nothing
i ate a bowl of nails for breakfast...without any milk
A soup made by my bf ^ ^
i ate a bowl of nails for breakfast...without any milkxD i see what you did there
what is breakfast i never eaten it before i normaly skip it
I don't eat breakfast .
nothing
I eat pickle flavored chips for all of my meals, every day.
Nothing....yet
hahahahahah bowl of nails hahahahha....without any milk hahahahahah
Scrambled eggs.
xD i see what you did there
I got it 2 lol
i ate nutella first, then a pickle with ranch, then an ice cream, and some brownies my sister made  yes, i am a fatty XD
two espresso cooffee!!
Well, i started off with a waffle, then nutella, then a bowl of pasta and bacon (dont diss it ), then i had a big glass of chocolate milk!!!! Yumm. :3
i dont eat food


By far the stupidest question I've ever heard was a girl in my driver's ed class asking if the car had a steering wheel. When someone in our group told her yes, she asked where it was.  We all laughed, she didn't.
iv asked how long you cook two minute noodles before lol xD
sex on d beach cocktail.....
simplified vodka
A gin and tonic. Can't beat the classics. Cocktails are good fun though.
CHOCOLATE MILK
JUICE
COKE
PEPSI
CREAMING SODA
MOUNTAIN DEW...
CREAMING SODACreaming soda ?
Pink Lemonade infused with sparkling apple cider poured into a glass with sugar around the brim. I call it? A Fizzle Biscuit.
I'm pretty fond of Bacardi 151, Absolut Vodka, and Captain Morgan.  Usually when I'm on travel, I have Johnny Walker Black or Jim Beam.

Yep.
guess...hi-c...bet you didn't know that
Pickle flavored chips are my poison.
Ive had brandy once...
Luved it
whiskey, hard liquor, vodka, etc ^.*
a WARM pint of carling or carlsberg.
Beer
Sauvignon, pinot grigio, gewurztraminer
Negroni
I heavily dislike vodka or any kind of alcohol, for the matter.
ADRENALYN and whyskey/scothc
to-kill-ya
UDL!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love Vodka, especially the raspberry ones
can't drink anything else though, I get majorly sick otherwise
Ohhhh and I had a Dr Pepper for the first time the other day.... blurg tastes like crap.
days are going by and my close friends and family are all leaving me :L espceially my sister my role model and my best friend :'L
O.o
awwww .
womp womp woooooomp
I was just wondering if anyone on here was deaf
I've been to my ps3, stayed there for 5 seconds to pop in Naruto, i loved that trip.
Berlin, Liepzig GERMANY(nice place, good food and beer, not expensive...but most of people can't talk english)
London UK (shops, medium price)
Klagenfurt, Villach, Wien, Gratz AUSTRIA (everything: food, beer, shops, people!!)
Norway, Nicaragua, National parks in the USA, and will soon be going to India.
Nahh ur not weird, i think that if its someone i hate then yes---- let them be tortured! XD
					
					

no matter how much i hate someone...id have to let them die..not tortured..i cant stand seeing anyone suffer
What would you like for yourself?
i want to be tortured then killed
life tortured me already
I want to die sleeping
death is too easy for a punishment, physical pain will get numb in time, psychological horror would be the best torture punishment
but as for myself - i'd rather prefer to die then feel pain
well i would rather to be killed than tortured...so I say kill that bitch! lol if yo hated them that much...well youd be accused for murder so i suggest not to kill someone, but you could mentally kill someone haha xD
nether...both are bad
Torture them, let them know true pain
Torture them, let them know true pain
awesome something we can agree on.

Nigger music.....
^ Racist american
umm.... whats going on here then ?
the group are good at singing and shit, so whats wrong with them then ?
they are terrible. lol
well, that's ur opinion, and my opinion is they are great. we have a right to say our own opinion. so whatever about if they r bad or not, they r people like every person earth is.
*facepalm* LOL I never said anything about them individually.....so ok?
Racist.
well, that's ur opinion, and my opinion is they are great. we have a right to say our own opinion. so whatever about if they r bad or not, they r people like every person earth is.
Shut up Canadian.
yup sure
Nigger music.....
Hahaha 

Ehhh...not my type of music...
Shut up Canadian.
DON'T U DAMN TELL ME TO SHUT UP
what's the point in having people in the backround if they're just gonna stand there and space out...oh yeah...and these guys blow
WHATEVER
Can't u feel the Christmas Air coming around it's time for fun and games what do u want for this Christmas or hanakah and ppl don't tell me I'm bringing this up early cause the earlier the better so u can save or be clear about what u want than being late for IT AND YOUR THINKING AND THINKING THEN POP!!!! IT'S FINALLY here so what do u ???
Maybe send it with my family. like every year. But I might start a new tradition for myself.
But don't. Know. What???
now a days everyboby just gives me money/gifecards they say i'm hrad to shop for so i'm ok with that
chocolate sweets!
a new skateboard, i snapped my other one
To go see all the people i luvv
a jungle beats head phones
clothes n shoes n living dead dolls n CDs xD
um yea...idk
I want a HOT BITCH
To be loved...and not hit or yelled at for the whole day..
ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

ISSSSS

YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU !!!!!!!!
I want a guitar, new clothes, friends, and more iTunes money
guess who i want? humina humina humina 
ummm, Cookie Man?
im getting a new guitar;3 a sewing machine.. haha.. glmr klls and drop dread clothing, plus mum said i get tickets to see any band i want:3 
I want to learn to play guitar so i can annoy the crap out of neighbors by playing along to Slipknot with the amp set to max  ^, , ^
A guitar and Criss Angel
I want a pet nyan cat
A new camera & a haircut .-.
I want a new life for Christmas.
I want pickle-flavored chips for christmas.
my name to be green
a pet unicorn called steve
For Christmas I would love for the girl who started this post to take a picture that would not qualify for a dating site :] Thank you very much.
What I want for christmas is for people to stop living their lives based on greed.
I have my grandpas 60th coming up and the theme is: Horror movies. I dont watch alot of horror movies, can anyone give me some ideas?
Dress as pickle-flavored chips.
animals xD
fav movie characters
disney movie couples
50s 60s 70s 80s etc
disco
space
medieval???
??
THE SIXTIES XDD
iy's too late...but a 50's outterspace theme?
take over the world
Eh, wrote the answer to a similar question in some other thread. Will find and copy paste.
1rst - Call the famz and chat a while, make sure they're not caught off guard
2nd - Sign up to have my organs donated
3rd - Write out my will
4th - Take a nap
5th - Write a song/paint a painting/create something so its the last thing I made before I died :]
6th - Random stuff that I forgot
All while istening to a shuffle of all my library of music.
eat - get fat , won't need to go to the gym because i would of died , (result) lol
rob the biggest bank in the world - go to africa or asia or south america - and give the money to people who actually want to make lives better.
and then shoot the World Bank's ''top dogs'' finacial slavery is not nice!
Go to the zoo and steal a monkey, elephant, giraffe, and have my own fudging parade in the street lol 
But really, id tell all the people i 
Try to sort out problems with people that could cause me more problems if im still alive in 2 days..
talk to everyone in my family before it happens,get my will done... REALLY FAST!
Get back in touch with old friends i never see.
Try to help who ever im in a relationship with to find someone new.
Listen to a ton of nickelback. XD
It would be the busiest 48hours of my life!
uuuuuuuuugggggggghhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!!! why two days?...that's nowhere near enough timeD:
if a vampire and a werewolf got in a fight wich one do you think would win and why?
VAMPIRE cuz they strong xD n stuff lol n fast
WEREWOLF *_*
Me
wolf because they can be out in the daylight and go kill vamps while they sleep unless they is sparkly
well, to go with the original ~NOT TWILIGHT~ it's a huge battle oF EPIC PROPORTIONS *voice gets louder* but i think dat every1 jus picks who they like most... it would be hard to figure out. Let's see, if it wuz an average werewolf and vampire... ~lectures on and on and on~ ... well then maybe.. hmmm. idk. but i like vampires, so vampires *goes back to non-nerd* ^,..,^
vamps that BURN in the sun...NOT SPARKLE!
Vampire
I'm actually not looking at which would win the vampire or the werewolf i'm looking at the both breed into one would totally kick ass the call then the hypen or smth into the movie underworld SO SICCKCKKKK u can be hot,fast and awesome in one who wouldn't but in underworld the hypen looks sooooooooo ugly and ugly but the sick       no i'm a ninja
Werewolves.....they are strong as hell and they killed a lot of badass newborns in twilight like that!
the ninja wins...
Because they are beautiful and extremely agile unless your talking about the extremely horrid ones then NO vampire
It's simple. Any one who knows mythology would know. Lycans (werewolfs) Are actually vampire bane. The strongest of them being able to change at will having inceasing senses and strength Claws (longer than that of a vamp) and teeth (also longer than that of a vamp)
The only advantage vampires can have is more fighting knowledge which really depends on the vampire. Also Fighting is uber natural for werewolfs as they are born for carnage and are a apex pred.
Werewolfs beauts? are you stupid? you've clearly only seen twilight. Try something like dog soldiers a more recent one is werewolf among us.
tht guy does got a point but i'm going with the NINJA with shawn   lol going with the hydrid or hybrid smth
Simple. Werewolf. duh!
Vampires cause lestat is a beast
I'm all in for werewolves :3
The pickle-flavored chip destroys all.
vampires all the way! ^vv^
vamps cause they bite owo
The Vampire is strategic, the Werewolf has no control over what its doing..
The Vampire would win easily
theirs something sexy about a hot pale guy who goes around at night and drinks blood...
vikings
Good morning?.....Good night?
You probably should specify what you're trying to get at. 

I can't tell if you mean when do people get on here most often, 

ect.
GOOD! DAY! SIR!


Good Morrows.
Good Night so I never have to wake up again!
NITE XD
Good night. XD
Pickle flavored chips are fun to eat, no matter what time of day it is.
Good Morning
Good Night xd
good night :3
memo memo x3
there is no night or day for me, there is just the time when i sleep a little bit less.
well when you think about it, Good night seems depressing like your saying goodbye to someone and goodbyes suck...
So i say good morning even though id be moaning and wanting to go back to sleep
Good morning
mornin ^.*
Good night X3 So I can sleep longer XD
What attracts you physically to someone where it be hair colour or a style, i want to know. Personally i love red heads long black hair or a brunette, Med size boobs long slender legs and a bit of meat on them
T^T Such a hard question
I definitely can't respect someone that doesn't have respect for their self, so they'd have to be in relatively good shape with no serious addictions.  I like alternative looks, people who are creative with their appearance and don't just wear something because they saw beyonce wearing it. Hmmm
Good. But that isn't very informative
I also like faintly pale skin with Deep read lip stick, it always looks so tastey
Girls: long hair , nice legs , blue eyes, knee high socks :3

Boys: dark long-ish hair, skinny jeans , piercings
boys: tall, skinny jeans, long black hair, nice (no one likes rude people)
I like boys soo... people who are like Ryan 
Well besides the fact that Joey is the most attractive person in the world ;D
Just like to point out this is more about lust...
But i'm giving everyone a point for bravery as it can be quite embarrassing to mention let alone say what you find attractive
um um um....
i personally dont care bout muscle, so yeah
i love green eyes but idc much
dark hair...
ahhh tall i guess O.o
idk...
i luv guys who r cute n adorable n muck around xD
CUDDLES
this is difficult. i never really thought about it.
I love pale skined natrual redheads with green eyes. I like shorter girls between 5ft and 5ft 6in. I love small breasts from a AA cup to a medium C cup. I like slim girls.
I love smart girls who wear glasses.
Blue eyes and snakebites.
guys who hav a talent r pre sexy  hehe

...im not into guys who wear their pants half way down their ass . pfft
im into messy spiky hair too:3
Oh i'm good at this ! Straight black or brown hair, or hair that's spiked in the back with long straight bangs..blue, green or teal eyes, skinny but fit, clean nails and clothing..speaking of clothing. Trip pants, phat pants, visual kei pants, skinny jeans, converse or laced boots..steel toe is just godly i mean come on. Color coordinated, buckle jackets, tripp nyc jackets, if you reeaaallly wanna go there eyeliner but only if you do it "right" i CAN NOT stress that enough. Tall, pale or Asian -fans herself- i mean of course there are those one or two individuals who are of the minority race who rock this style effectively. As for personality ? They must have the capability to not spout a waterfall of stupid when they open their mouth - . - Intelligence is a requirement, a personality of their own, a good sense of what they like and what they do not like, honesty and tolerance. And um..yeah no that about sums it up ^ ^ Oh wait no, i lied. English accents..oh yes.
Big black men with glocks at their hips.  Cuz I'm into thuggin love. xD
tattoos 
OK... 
Hmmm...  Not a person all into appearance... But what the heck...
I physical attracted to guys with:
black hair 
long. Hair 
tall or at least taller then me, 
Nice smile b/c smiles always get me 
has uniqueness about their style in clothes 
in shape but too much of a muscleman 
Sometimes: snakebites, skinnys,
Mhm tall, nice eyes, great personality (humor counts as a def plus), black hair is nice or dyed hair^.^ :3
Nqjlms ugg boots sale clearance Qveapg uggs outlet online Djwmyj ugg boots Huskzt tiffany bracelet Bzqeko pandora charms Vxlcmv tiffany & co uk sale Tkybpy ugg sale Nkxria cheap ghd hair straighteners Ipltmr discount uggs online Znwqet cheap ghd straighteners australia  Ddbaej cheap ugg boots uk sale Hwwdwf ugg boots cheap sale Lndzfv ugg uk stockists Vhutku discount ugg boots Igmasy cheap ghd Wzunne pandora rings Ispyie uggs for cheap online store Rqjbxh cheap ghds uk
Uhmmm...well i guess for me i like hispanic guys mostly, uuuhmm nice eyes, lubb to cuddle and just overall cute enough ferr me to be able to say "daaaammm" wen im wif then  oh yeah and they got to kno how to respect mee n not look around and be checking out other gurls .
Tin strong males with longish hair and kind eyes and aren't going to hurt me any more then I have already been.
What makes you happy????
Music ^~^
Japanese culture and there rock music
SuperNatalie!
Pickle-flavored chips.
Music n ppl that like me ferr me
funny things music and sitting in rain
just sitting with the girl i realy like and just admiring the morbid beauty of a dieing tree
I got asked this today, I would tame the dinosaur and unicorn then ride them to school every day. I would throw the skittle at people yelling: TASTE THE FRICKING RAINBOW!
Ahmazing question  Well, I'd hop on the Unicorn & ride off into the sunset, whilst eating skittles & being chased by the dinosaur ^.^
Lolz. ^-^ I 
I'd laugh at the punchline.
take the skittles and say i have one spare room so one of you is gonna have to bunk with me tonight
id ceep the skittles as a pet (freken walken skittles XD ) and use the dinosour and unicorn as my evil miniuns
eat them
Id squish the dinosaur into a giant jar,
Then id ride the unicorn to the museum while eating the skittles to take the dinosaur in the jar to the museum
keep the unicorn, share the skittles with the dinosaur so he doesnt kill me
i'd ride the unicorn to kill the dinosaur and eat the skittles as i fly to mars with my new unicorn
i'll let them stay at my place and take the skittles to chelzae and stay with her
I would continue to eat my pickle-flavored chips, unfazed.
Have,an awesome 3 person skittles party xD
ill dance with them o.o
I miss my boyfriend a lot, but he hasn't talked to me in a few days and he lives a little far away from me. I understand he's busy, and I don't want to bother him or become too clingy. What do you do when you miss someone a lot?
i draw
Wat i do wen i miss sumone (usually its often) i listen to songs that remind me if them...the downside to this is that it can cheer u up or it could make u miss sumone more...suuu do this at ur own risk...
i think about him or completely NOT think about him
its intresting to see the lengths people go for someone they will never speak to one on one lol
shouldnt this thread be like locked or deleted.....?
Well the photos were deleted....so that answered my question.

why do ppl think cutting is an 'emo' thing actually its not, i know so many people who self harm and none of them are 'emo'. O_o
im so brd... why do ppl think that just because u like loud dark music n wear dark clothes n dnt like bein around alot of ppl that ur emo gothic or wat ever? like it pisses me off...
nnnnnnnnnnnooooooooooooooooohohohohohohohho...ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh nnnnnnnooooooooooo...no beiber no
I like pickle-flavored chips.
nigga he's already famous
^heheheheh xD

Ppl that do that cutforbeiber shit is why people think our generation is the stupidest one of all...
So, ermm, I have this challenge I need to do but I can't do it because my sister keeps fucking eating all the damn bananas before I can microwave one. (For someone who's supposed to be gay she sure does love her some fucking bananas .___. )


SOOO! What happens when you microwave a banana?


If you don't know, go try it! And tell me what happens! *0*
					
					

With or without the skin?
It makes banana soup :3
It made a mess
does it explode??
Well....I put it in for a long time and left the skin on...it kind of exploaded lol but if you put it in for like 10 secs it would probably just get all mushy
					
					

I feel like a banana murderer lol
I like pickle-flavored chips.
Um.... I like bananas diped in chocolate then put in the freezer..... yummy
I just tried it...oh mi gosh was it awesome xD
Where are some good places to take a road trip at ?
Atlantus
Iraq, or communist china.
I feel like TACOS!!!!!!!
How can you feel like a taco ?
indeed
I've never had a taco before In my life. Pickle-flavored chips are awesome though.
I don't think its possible.... Use your imagination(:
I would die...I believe
i would die of diabetes..
Death is pretty much the only answer
Ewwwwwwwwwwww .
death never sounded so deliciouse
drowning?...uhhh...die?...unless you can swim...or david hasslehoff was the lifeguard
death never sounded so deliciouse 

^ lol sooo true xD
I would regret not drowning in pickle-flavored chips(The wat that I've always pictured myself dying).
If I only had one more day to live, I would throw the biggest party ever with all my closest friends and then I would jump off a buiding and die. lol YOLO jk, i hate that word.
um hang wiv friends n family probs...
Find someone to fuck.

Proceed to fuck until painful demise.
If I only had one day left to live I would find a way to live another day.
Find a loophole.
i'd give my crush a cookie ''pon and zi'' style. and then i'd stare at the ocean listening to music and singing along as loud as i can untill i drop dead.
Spend my day at the amusement park or hang out on a field with the person I 
Love and relax (eat a cookies all day xP ) memo
light up the night sky
Spend it in my math class. One hour in there feels like forever.
Eh, probably chillaxin'.

1rst - Call the famz and chat a while, make sure they're not caught off guard
2nd - Sign up to have my organs donated
3rd - Write out my will
4th - Take a nap
5th - Write a song/paint a painting/create something so its the last thing I made before I died :]
6th - Random stuff that I forgot

All while istening to a shuffle of all my library of music.
Find someone who would actually care that im gonna die and spend my wif them...
Those are amazing things!
Depends on the day
thats true
go to her...and give her my sketch book...and necklace
I would eat all of the pickle-flavored chips that I can find.
hi guy plp r talking about. The world end this mouth.
And got me thinking! There is so much I haven't done x"(!!!!!!!
list something's. U wish u did,  want to do be for "the end"

Friend: DAMN IT I AM GOING. TO DIE A VIRGIN!!!!! XO 
ME:-.- ... I will want get my first kiss..  and my friend is a weirdo!!
Friend:
I was hoping this was gonna be an interesting Topic.....but No.....disappointed
Ooooowelll tooo bad
I was bored sorry it was just an idea from school memo.
that a disappointment. That u don't like it xC
I was hoping this was gonna be an interesting Topic.....but No.....disappointedSame... I thought it had something to do with julia gillard stupid video bout the end of the world or something intrestingN not trying to be mean soundstruck
If you really think the world is going to end this year you should probably make sure you don't reproduce. For everyone's sake.
^ O_O
I was hoping this was gonna be an interesting Topic.....but No.....disappointeddoes it really matter...who cares...no need to say it lol or post on itwell...i dont want to die a virginstart tattooingget drunksleep...yupeven thou i dont believe in the shit. id believe it if meteors and volcanoes and crazy weather start happening 24/7
					
					

I think it's not that serious but I admit I took all my money out of the bank for now, just incase the stock market and internet crashes. Nobody in my family is taking it too seriouslyMy brother however is expecting a zombie apocalypse. He is out in the country trying to start a farm...'I told you bitch! I told you!'(I'll never understand why he didn't make the casting call for the 3rd season of walking dead....)
I think it's not that serious but I admit I took all my money out of the bank for now, just incase the stock market and internet crashes. Nobody in my family is taking it too seriouslyMy brother however is expecting a zombie apocalypse. He is out in the country trying to start a farm...'I told you bitch! I told you!'(I'll never understand why he didn't make the casting call for the 3rd season of walking dead....)Oh My God! You're brother's face is fucking perfect. Just yes. That made my day
It was a metaphor....*FACEPALM*
If you really think the world is going to end this year you should probably make sure you don't reproduce. For everyone's sake.Agreed.
I aint on your dick and why would I be on ur dick anyways?For the record, my dick is free at the moment. Feel free to hop on.
Such a shame
Soundstruck y dose ever forum u post causes mishap...
dafuq?
what?...i scrolled down and just saw "*facepalm zombie dick" plus a picture of some old guy and what seemed to be a hiker or farmer?
WOW LOL
So the world didn't end, but I still want my pickle-flavored chips.
what is the number one regret of your life u wish u could change no matter what?
Joining Facebook.
Buying Battlefield 3. The game sucks
not making a move when I had the chance...
Meeting you filthy, grimy humans.
there are 3 things in this world i would do over if i could but i dont know if i regret them
Letting someone have my heart
Liking HIM.
and doing things that got me in ALOT of trouble in year 7. That is what I regret most. But I admit that those things have made me what I am today. If they didn't happen, I would know now what I didn't now then. Hey that sounds like a song maybe I should write one, lols
I don't regeret anything. Ohh.. Maybe just some words I said when I was angry.. ^ ^"
Not saving the song that vanished from all of the internet.
Hrm.

Greatest regret?
eh, dunno. Life's  to precious to focus on the regrets and past actions. Focus on the footah instead.
Loving sumone wen they dont want me too or letting someone love me out of having pity for them :/ i kno thats mean buhh ehhh...
i think my biggest might be that im too weam to get any help. derp
not going to practices when i was younger, probably be Baltic champ if i had gone to practices and listened to my coach.
ever falling in love with any one or anything
me living
i don't know i don't remember
not making a more with the one guy that actually like me now ill never see him again....
hmmmmmmmmmmm...nothing really
My biggest regret (so far) was believing that a guy could like me.
Not buying that last tube if pickle-flavored chips. I went back this morning and it was gone. ;-;
WHAT DO U LIKE IN A BOY,GIRL,ROBOT OR ALIEN IF U R I NEED HELP ON A SURVEY ABOUT HOW THE MIND OPERATES WHEN IT COME THESE THINGS
i can see your...clevage...and your arm
i dont understand the quetion ???
I like pickle flavored chips.
huehue
next to Sam ang Gimli, Gollum is my favourite at least when hes not trying to kill someone.
I prefer Smeagel. He's a chillax sorta guy.
Dat Gollum dude tho... Nah, he got problems.
I prefer Smeagel. He's a chillax sorta guy.
Dat Gollum dude tho... Nah, he got problems.
Yeah, Smeagol is the more favorable of the two. He's very sweet and only wants to help the hobbitses
hi chelzae!XD...i think golem is cool as well!XD and you!XD eep!XD
HAHA EEP
Gollum is a sexy beast, without a doubt.
Who`s the cuter couple
Who`s the cuter couple
me and you!XD
jack and sally all the way..
PON AND ZI all the way.
pon and zi XD
Me and Pickle-flavored chips.
If there was a battle between the cast of naruto and bleach who would win??? comment and if u wanna say y?
Lol they are both shit.
bleach all the way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gahhhhh so hard to choose..... 
Ah I say bleach 
b/c the have sword that have hidden powers 
plus it's SOULREAPERS AGAINST. HUMAN NINJAS!!!!
Naruto all the way
lol i'll take naruto cause aa lot of bleach characters  without there swords they are nothing espically in naruto with those powers and skills  cnt  lose
neva watched em D:
neva watched em D:watch them XD
definitely bleach,  ichigo all the way
Naruto, for sure!
That is a tough question....
i mean, they're both so flippin awesome....
but bleach. Cuz they have their badass zanpuktou (can't spell).c
And its that against mortal ninjas.
I like pickle-flavored chips. Pickle flavored chip would beat up Naruto or Ichigo anyday of the week, my friend.
lol
Matt Hush Grr lol
i like the poem its really good
it's alright. not to be a b***h or anything, but you should try writing out words right.... it makes it better(: &if you take out the "seriously" on the 9th line I think it would sound better c;
Thanks Guys For Commenting On My Babys Poem And Yes It Could Have Some Fixing Buh I Love It Anyway Cuz Its About Us Being Far Away And Were Emo Cuz We Love Each Other So Much Buh Cant See Each Other So Yeah
it's alright. not to be a b***h or anything, but you should try writing out words right.... it makes it better(: &if you take out the "seriously" on the 9th line I think it would sound better c;

^ i was thinking about that too...but overall its good...
*thinking(am i still hushed?)
*thinking(am i still hushed?)
No You Can Talk Now Haha
i like the poem its really good 
Thank You
poems decent but I'm not really a rhyming kinda chick the rhyming poems I always read the focus is more on trying to find a word to rhyme with them making it any scence
I don't understand why some ppl claim taht the term "emo" describes only a genre of music. Looking at etymology of this word we can see that the use of "emo" as shortened form of "emotional" was its first and basic use. If we apply it to music it doesn't lose the first meaning. Then there was also a kind of social movement connected with emocore scenes.
I understand that someone may not treat it as a subculture. Personally I treat it rather as subgenre of hardcore..  And also some attitude in this case, maybe even influence emotions have on lifestyles. But not recognizing emo as subculture doesn't mean that "genre of music" is the only meaning. And that ppl cannot be called emo from "emotional" or "connected with the genre/ movement".
What do you think?
Inb4 Amii reafirms that "emo" is a genre of music. :]

As for me, idk...
People have their seperate opinions and I leave it at that.
I say it from kind of linguistic point of view. If language is a convention then ppl themself decide what they understand by a particular term.  ^ ^
Its a genre of music, NOTHING more.....this discussion isn't needed.
But shawn he does raise a good point it is a highly raised topic everyone with different views.
I'll say it again and again: it's STUPID to think it's only a genre of music cause the name for this genre was TAKEN FROM a word that ALREADY HAD other meaning. So even for this one reason it shouldn't be limited so much by pseudo-experts who wants to "be more true" according to their stupid "rules of being true" and "rules of what to say". muahahhahaha!
It is my understanding and I won't limit it only to one interpretation chosen by some of emo fans (especially scenesters that I'm not).
Yeah I'm totally pissed off with this cliche repeated so often recently but invented only a few years ago by some scenes who wanted to be recognised. Then it was to some extend misinterpreted and now is widely used by neo-kids spending too much time searching through blogs of 15-years-old "so true scene queens".
Then scenes say it's their music. Well if it's "their", they had probably invented it almost 20 years before they appeared. Congrats. ^ ^ Yeah their relations are very clear and reliable. No chance to create gossips. Especially after alcohol D In addition scenes listen mostly to post-hardcore that has usually little in common with old good hardcore.
If you said to punks that scenes come from hc. punk, they'd laugh at you. (Scenes achieved their aim, they're distinguished).
If you said it about emo half of punks would laugh.
So what is the reason why I am the only "emoish" person in my city who is respected in punk enviroments? (I'm not any label though)
Emotional hardcore is no longer punk as it is understood literally. It comes with slightly different attitudes. But it is not scene.
My frind once said in some context: "it looks like from times when hardcore had a class". And he was right. Once it had.
Now the whole phenomenon is marginalised and almost dead under attack of empty pseudo-followers.

Another reason:
Example:
When I say neo-visual it not make words such as neo-classical or neo-gothic invalid. They're still have their meaning.
So if emo means emotional then it means this. Even if it is APPLIED to create the name for music genre.
Who would not understand this should be called stupid and limited but I don't want to humiliate anyone. Just encourage to think.
You can stay with your poit of view of course.

But I won't change mine just to make you think I'm "true". I'm not this kind. "My emo" was rebellious not comformistic. Had sth to say. Something more than complaining about broken hearts and bullying at school in 1000 similar songs.

Amen.

Uhhh -.-"
*Claps*


Emo has a variety of meanings, they have grown over time. Originally from music, but now it has several meaning. SEVERAL.
It has one meaning and one meaning only. Its a genre of music. Everything else is stereotypical bullshit. And its sad this is even a damn discussion.
Haha ^ ^ I can even draw a tree of meanings that includes their developement as I see it.
And genre of music won't be at first place there.

It's sad that it can hardly be named "a discussion"
I am giving arguments based on linguistic analysis, historical facts, social and cultural research...  Where are yours?
I see only a slavishly repeated phrase that I've heard hundred times.
I don't buy it.
Go and try to sell it somewhere else. "Dark-barbies" from primary (or even secondary) schools would be interested. *-^

(Anyway don't be angry cause I construct my statements so strongly. I don't condemn other understandings. Think what you want and be happy with it)
Emo is shortened form of "emotional hardcore". And can also be treated as shortened form of "emotional". Emotional has wider meaning than emotional + hardcore. And name of the genre is taken from hardcore that is emotional = hardcore that is emo. 

"if a get a group of people and tell them a tree is called a fish, fish then can mean tree?" -yes.
because the group will understand it this way so in their language word "fish" will mean a concept of tree. However weird may it sound to us. but this is how human language works.

Lets add another phenomenon which is called "neologism". It includes not only creation of new words but also swifts in meanings.

I'm philology student ^-^" I could write an academic piece on the meanings of emo cause I'm interested in the phenomenon. Well I'm not trying to offend you and ppl with different points but I'm getting used to analysing everything this way and defending my points using results of my study. *-^
hahahah yaaayyy!!XD it showed up again!XD
It whatever ya want it to be man.
I want to be POP too .-.
Lol sounds good to me xD We can both be pop and dubstep
It should work on the same pattern as genres it's derived from so punk then hardcore not pop or dubstep. Maybe. This is one theory. Another is that ppl decided what they understand by this. You have little to say now.
I think the most important is to understand the phenomena and how it works.
Then you won't label yourself and at the same time you wouldn't think you are the only rirht person better than anyone else with different opinion just because you can slavishly repeat some phrases and maybe name some bands from mainstream "alternative" additionally. (I say it to all such ppl)
For me it's a music genre and a sub-culture.
Im the monster under your bed!!
i'm the lepercaun in your sock drawer always slealing the left side
hahaha why would you be stealing socks? shouldnt you be guarding the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow?
wait...i think it was dwarves
no wait!...i think lawn gnomes?
Hmgaha or the dog xD
hmmmmmm...the dog takes both side of your socks
The turtle?
snaps on your fingers hahahahX3
possum?
I'm a dinosaur
O...o
like on over the hedgeXD
just curious on the random laws tat are out there...like how its illegal to fish in pajamas XD
The molestation of trash cans is banned in Florida....
its also illegal to jog with your eyes closed in florida...not sure if it still is tho..
i heard in certain states if you have a gun to protect yourself, you can't really use it. it is a just for show thing \(9v9)/ its like wtf whats the point of having a gun in the first place?
thats a stupid law
Not sure how true it is but I heard you can get a ticket if ur caught hitting a turtle in ur car

Also a friend told me its illegal to change your own light bulb in australia..or certain parts..
In Arizona you can't use more then 2 bucket of water to wash your car in a summer day
I also herd that in some state it Illegal to kill yo self....
Check these out if you like random and stupid crap.
bahahahahahhahahahah!XD
In short... Amber is a lying fat tween who has the "illusion" of being the only IMVU member of with any sort of dignity. "She" (if it is in fact a she) She throws herself to the wind and tricks little Emos, named Alaska, who she said was her BFF, but is just another IMVU Emo without a real boyfriend and a sucky homelife. Her personality is flat and empty and it was soon discovered she was just another girl who can't admit how ugly her face really is. She also added anyone and everyone just for attention and to show off her infectious proclaimed vagina. Unlike before when she would either ignore everyone or call them fakes/whores/etc.. Not long after this power struggle she had with me and giggles, she disclosed the fact she has cancer, only it's another lie. At the moment, it seems all of her "friends" are kicking themselves for being huge retards.Well if she didn't fuck with me, her "friends" wouldn't have noticed this and her nudes wouldn't have ended up in the wrong hands, now she She bawwws and bawwws for her tormentors to stop, claiming she didn't deserve to be shamed because her daddy left her with gaping genitalia by furiously raping her when she was 11 years old. But in a fit of hunger-powered rage the now fullhay grown fatty, ate him ending his life once and for all. She says she is very depressed and angry that he's gone, she definitely regrets it. She misses his 5 inch dick pounding through her nasty fat flaps. blah blah blah....She wouldn't leave me alone. She was told on several occasions. "Hey Amber, don't fuck with that autistic bitch with the speech impediment and a lazy eye."But no... Amber don't listen. And that is the lesson here.
What.
aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!! so much negative reading!XOjust stop it
What's your problem you fucker? She's Entertaining. Can all these other intellectual fuckers and grammer nazis just go away? Go away. We don''t need anymore Deidre's and Cinders. We have all the articulate people we need. You'll fuck up the ARTICULATE-DUMBASS ratio...
Do you have a life other than posting pointless shit on the Internet...?
					
					

Do I have a life...? Is this emo cunt serious? Do you not fucking read? No? I would reccomend you read more of my threads then you can compare it to the threads of others and just find that i'm not very pointless at all. these asshole just don't know how to open thier eyes and look into things before making judgements. And, if you don't like it. Then don't fucking read it. Thats your fault thats time you choose to waste.
Sorry, messed up here.


Another complete waste.
I don't see why you need to bring autism into this. I'm not bringing my disorders/disabilities/illnesses to the table when somebody doesn't like what I have to say. That would be like me constantly being over-sensitive and screaming "bipolar!" each time I'm called on my shit. People simply didn't like what you had to say in this thread and now you're going overboard.
meh. I'm done.
Hi..idk..
Heyhey 
Haha
bladooooow
Hallo! 
greetings
HI!!!
Idk either.
Is anyone here Goth? Anyone want a Gothic girlfriend? I'm totally available. I like MCR. Random, I know, but isn't that the whole point of this forum? 

Oh yes Im Goth bby? marry me?
This isn't a dating site.
for you baby...it could be
for you baby...it could be 
Well, well, well.
Do you speak more than one language?
a little bit of Indonesian, Japanese, a little bit of French, a little bit of italian, a little bit of spanish and yeah that it xD
a little spanish
I can read quite a few languages... and I can understand quite a few languages... but speaking I find a little difficult honestly. Perhaps because of the overly rigid/structured teaching methods I had.
i know a little bit of chinese n japanese n french n indonesian n italian
- Dutch 
- englisch
- turkisch
- arabic (few words)
- spanish (few words)
I'm speaking Polish and English.
I could communicate on a basic level in German and Russian.
I've just started to learn Japanese and Welsh. ^ ^

I don't count knowing few words in a language. Lol.
					
					

Eight years fluent in Japanese with Japanese classes, courses and instructors..notice Anime was NOT in that list - . - i'm starting to learn ASL because i would like a silent method of communication come zombie apocalypse time.
yesh
Fluent in both spanish and english. Might pick up some Norwegian while Im here, but Im not really enthusiastic about it as of yet.
Japanese
Italian 
and a little German
I know a little german, italian, bengali, russian, japanese, chinese, dutch, cherokee, spanish, and french
I speak English German and I can get buy in small convertation in franch and ittalian
My native language is Vietnamese I also speak very well English and a little Japanese
English and Spanish.
What is yours????? jus being curious idk what mine will be yet?? hmmm
Same ones I said I would do last year.
to have a resolution
NICE!!!
They're many female super heroes but who is thebest?


Wonder Woman

or Storm
					
					

Storm by far Wonder women seems lame!!!
Tank GirlNot really a superhero, but out of the female characters from comics I like her the best.
um wonderwoman?? idk
Hmmmmm I have no idea O.o maybe there isnt a best one?!
Rose Tyler from Doctor Who?
cookies
its a tie between wonder woman and storm
batgirl?
gawd there shud b more girl heroes...sexist much .
lolz i know aye chelza xD
SUPER EMOCHELZA!!
FLYING EMO PANDAH GIRL xD
ME
Pineapples :3
catwomen
Me :3
Sailormoon ! 
Catwoman
kitty
not give a single fuck about Drama
to have a resolution
Nothing
To deal with everything. Not to give up my plans. Just to adjaust them. And to be a mother of little emo that is coming *-^
Attempt to be a bit more sympathetic... S'not goin so well xD
Unicorns!!!!!
tricorns are better...yeah...i started that...more that one horn
A zombie walk for those of you who dont know is where people dress up as Zombies and walk some where while acting like Zombies!!!!
haha yeah so has anyone here been in a Zombie walk or participated in one?
I have wanted to it would be sooo awesome!!!!
omg i would love to participate in one of those
xD I love zombies just adore them !
O3O it must be so Awesome!
Hahaha yeah I know aye!! it would be sooo awesome!!!!
A zombie walk for those of you who dont know is where people dress up as Zombies and walk some where while acting like Zombies!!!!haha yeah so has anyone here been in a Zombie walk or participated in one?I have wanted to it would be sooo awesome!!!!ommy globz ive always wanted to go to a zombie walk!they had it on cakeboss  the cake they made was awsomeeeeeeeeeee
					
					

OMGS I KNOW AYE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! x3  I saw it on cakeboss too  haha they always make awesome cakes xD
I participated in two zombie walks. I didn't get to the third one cause I was late and got lost (but already dressed as a zombie so it was funny too)
Yeah, we have a huge one here every single year. I participate..but in a different way. Me and my friends arm ourselves up the wazz with nerf guns. Come at us zombies..
hahahaha i saw one of those on cakeboss
I'm a little stuck on the emo stereotypes of super skinny, always wears black, hangs out with the weird kids at school or no one at all and cuts themselves.. Can you have a situational emo? One who doesn't necessarily have a dark view of the world all the time but surprises herself at how dark her thoughts get?.. 
Just wondering what you guys think.
Most emos are overly dramatic on propose just to FIT into the stereotype. I would rather have a solcial disability than be emo to be honest with you.  (I'm Pagan by the way just so you know this is not coming from the perspetive of an emo.)
stereotypes arent completely acurate,iys more of a generlisation so I think you can be an emo without being exact on what people think
not all emos act and dress the same...emo is more over emotional and likes the creatives sides to things and expresses themselves through poetry and lyrics...in my opinion...
not everyone is the same. everyone portrays emo differently
Why does every question have to be limited to only emo?

Rich White Valley girls are dramatic,
ghetto black bitches that play hard on the street are dramatic,
Over religious mexican chica's that credit jesus for everything are dramatic.
Red neck trailer dwellers got major drama...

Unless you're a middle class post grunge tomboy your not excluded from this list sorry to say.

Girls in general are just dramatic. For no fucking reason.
Umm my bf says I go even further than stereotype with my drama... but it's not on purpose. It's difficult to live this way when it is not pretending. So I don't judge "dramatic emos". You never know... Never! NEVER! umm ^ ^
hmmmmm this discussion is faigely familiar
HOW'S YOUR CHRISTMAS EVERYONE???
Will be the worst ever but this is not what ppl expect to hear, right?
Who cares...
I know ppl who won't have any Christmas at all. And this time it makes me even more conscious about how bad is situation of society.

But I believe that the time will come when Christmas will be Christmas. Not only occasion to earn/ spend money and a feast for the rich. some ppl are waiting for miricles every day, not only once a year. And we all can give birth to these little ones.

Merry Christmas Everyone! 
Tradition breaking. First time my family will have a family member absent.
Yep, thats me. Alone for Christmas. ;]
twas same a usual
i know you need a hug. here have virtual one \(^.^)/ *hugs tightly*
awww! nyah nyah! *hugs back* =^-^=~
I'm a bit of a loner the best of hanging out with my friends from school is through talking on the Internet. I recently lost my mother, in may (28th {2012}). All I really want is somebody that relates. Or doesn't relate at all. I just want someone to talk to. All I truly have is siblings who don't understand and a foster mom that doesn't see where I'm coming from. Life is Hell... Anybody see the flames yet?
ill be your friend :3
Awwwhhh I'm sorry to hear that :C may she rest in peace. I can be your friend
^.^
well, i like frends.. i'll be ur frendeses (watching rugrats) my life is hell too. yay! x3
..you didn't have to give your life story..
Sorry to hear about your mother. :|
I'll be your friend ^-^
I'll b ur amiga 
Srry about ur mom  :'(
My mom is gone too. I feel your pain 
I'm sorry bout your loss...Happens a lot here... If you wanna talk... I'm here .
i'll be your friend  my friends r mean to me.  they treat me like i'm stupid, lazy, and they ignore me and i half to yell their names like 5 times
Everyone is my frind until they try to kill me
..you didn't have to give your life story..
indeed
I have recently come to the conclution that im inlove with my les paul, i play it like 3 hours a day, it helps me with my emo issues or celibrate mt feelings, is there anything you love in a non creepy way?
My guitar 
My controller, iv'e named her and she is my baby. We've mixed music for years and i'm very overprotective of anyone touching her but me.
Mah ballz....

On the serious side tho, probably my Sony Walkman, Its been with me for years now.
Mah ballz....On the serious side tho, probably my Sony Walkman, Its been with me for years now.Lol...Uhm i guess for me it would have to be my purple headphones that ive had for like six years already...i havent named them doe....probably shud .
Lol...Uhm i guess for me it would have to be my purple headphones that ive had for like six years already...i havent named them doe....probably shud .I havnt named things either... Thats gives just a bit too much emotional attachment.
I havnt named things either... Thats gives just a bit too much emotional attachment.True...true...
I can't help ot w my guitar im verrrry attached, she's my $300 baby lol but IDC if it was $0.50 id love it all the same, her names lessly lol, real creative  lol
my pencil?...or sketch book?...i don't like choosing
Collin Morgan's face haunts me no matter if I'm awake or sleeping
Ditto.
Ditto.gahh he scary looking D:
I had a dream wif Kellin Quinn...i barely remember it though all i kno it was outrageously stupid .
gahh he scary looking D:
i just had a dream about him last night...uuuuuuggggghhhhhhhhh...he was leatherface
I have pets. Do you? 

I have two kitties, Princess and Jadah and a dog, Chico. And some fish, but I don't really think of them too often

do you have pets? What would you want?!

I want a snake and a husky. SO PRETTY
I have no pets T.T
naww cute, lolz cool names for your kittencs and your dog
I want pets but mum wont let me :c
I want a husky too x3 and an alaskan malamoo or a Alaskan klee kai or a german shepard or a panda or a lion or a tiger or a horse x3
i hav a chihuahua called Tiny

id like to have a Pug, Chow Chow, a snake, a frog, a blue makaw n a panda
Yea xD
dogs and cats lol ;p
Trolol. I love my animals. 

Jadah runs around like a dog though XDD
German shephard dog, welsh corgi dog, bearded dragon, a bunny, 2 crested geckos, an african dwarf frog, and a male betta fish.
I have two cats now. I used to have two dogs too but they both died recently : first one of age and second one was murdered by burglars TT^TT
I have a Robo, an 11 year old cat, 2 year old dog.
Then a chihuahua, 2 hamsters, and 6 baby ones at my fiance's house.
I have a dog and a fish that i forget i have sumtimes  
I wish i had a husky dog though...
i have 2 big dogs named Doggy and Miki, and a small dauchound named Tax, useto have a horse named Hippi.
but wish i had a rhyno and i'd name it Arizaphael (isnpired by one of my favourite books)
I have lots of cats....(I might end up like crazy cat lady!) @~@ Um, I have 2 dogs, a pond of fishes, & birds too ^.^
a crazy wild kitten and two weirdo fishes...i wish they were jellyfishes!XO
This is Karkat Vantas from Homestuck :3I'm going to the MCM expo this weekend I'm exciiited
Have fun!
I will!
Pictures. 

I demand xD
fff ok D: it's going to be a two day one, and theres a party on the last day. Let the hilarity commence :3
Hahaha hope ya have fun xD and take heaps of pics
Awwww karkitty you look awesome
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!! take me wiiiiiiiiiiiith youuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!DX
I was never an Anime person really =/ . So Idk who looks like me or has a personality like me.
L from Death Note
Oh yes!
These are the ones that have my personality or are like me.
TATERS U LOOK LYK L!!!!!
the black butler...
Your going to laugh but naruto is more of my personality
nagisa furukawa, miheal kheel aka mello, mizore shirayuki, momo adachi, miazawa from angel beats, hikaru and kouru hitachiin, yuki cross/kuran, ciel phantomhive, sebastian 

i watch a lot of anime lol
She freakin' looks exactly like me with my hair tied back, like now. o_o


hmm i watch a lot of anime and i don't think any character has my personality :|
It's hard to think about personality.. umm.. butwithmy short hairstyle (now) I look like this one!wI even wear the kitten-ears ^-^
In the art section i portrayed me into what i thought a personified me would look like. But as for actual characters? The closest i have ever seen is Tiny Tina from Borderlands 2..although not an anime it would be pretty hard to top. I guess i would have to say Anju from Chibi Vampire or Yutaka from Lucky Star.
sephiroth(final fantasy 7) , azure flame kite (.hack//roots/.hack//g.u)
hahahahhaahahahahahh i shall be sloth!XD

O...O
All the time xD Hehe
Um...Haha I'm not a fan of those movies lol ~ Soo, yeahh haha
Insidious is my favorite modern one c:
Freddy Kreuger is my favorite classic C:
1408 one of the few movies that has ever scared me.
Thirteen ghosts (2001 version) Case 39, Silent Hill, Silent Hill 2, The Ring, The Grudge, Wicked Little Things, 1408, Dream House, Amityville Horror (2005 version) The Orphanage, The Orphan, Saw 1-6, Insidious, The Omen, The Children, Dark Water (2005 version) The Unborn, Children of the Corn (2009 version) One Missed Call, Reincarnation. To name a select few favorites in no particular order.
I honestly don't like the new one either I love the old one better. Dx
Um...Haha I'm not a fan of those movies lol ~ Soo, yeahh haha
i'm with you on this one...just seem weird to me
If you could change your name to ANYTHING you wanted, 

what would it be ?
My own, I chose my name already anyways.
it would be for sephiroth for the first magus for my middle and cruz which is already my last name since birth
I want to change mine to Amara Elodia (insert last name here)
I would change it to Kieran
Rod Stewart
I wouldn't change it. my name is a part of me ^ ^
McLuvin
Hi im nicole...really bored anyone wanna talk? Im a good listener:)
hai there
Hello Nicole. I don't have much to talk about. I've been doing really good in Dota 2 today, you should be proud.
					
					

Hello strangers..
Hello, hello, hellooooooooooooo
Hiya!
salutations nicole! freind me! pm me! me!
Come on people talk anyone XD IM BORED! lol
umm... A cookie? *x*
Uhh i wish i had a blanket
sup! naaaammmes...saunderrrrs
So have any of yal ever felt like doing something completely random and funny? Cause right now i feel like taping bottle rockets to my skates and making rocket skates
That sounds like fun can I join!?!?
i have dresses up in a complete cat costume and ran around wall mart
hmmmmmmmmmmmmm...sit on people
I can't I try.....but I look ridiculous..lol(:
LOL, I'll give it to ya cause ya tried, Ik how to dougie it's quite easy actually It's all in the song "Put your arms out front and lean side to side" That's all imma give you
Dougie master xD
Y would u want to dougie??
Y would u want to dougie?? 
indeed
What was your worst Christmas memory/moment?
It hurt me, but not nearly as much as my cousins. 

Were robbed of their Christmas presents. 

Had a new TV, an Xbox 360, 

some other stuff. 

They were crushed, I just knew it.
This last christmas it SUCKED all i got was a sketch pad and pens and we didn't go anywhere :l
eh...fergot them all...i just started asking for money since they suck at buying me present
What  did u get  for your xmas 2012?  and did u like it or love or even hate it?
i got a whole bunch of moonshine so now were having a party whos got the green
I got clothes & food yay! Yes I loved them
food,kindle fire Hd ,giftcards/money ,heated throw, things for the bath and a jackit
i got a teddy bear and a game console (psp)
Merry Christmas people,
i got a gift like no other...and no...i will not name it...tis too much pride
Personal PhilosophiesSo, this is where you can share your own personal philosophies, whether it be religious to the simple notion of never missing an episode of your favorite TV show. For example,One of my personal philosophies is to never cry in front of another person. It's actually kind of stupid, but I refuse to. I don't like crying in front of people, so I won't.
to one day, find a philosophy
1.set fire to your hair
2.teach yourself to fly
3.get your piece of toast out with a fork 
4.take your helmet off in outer space
5.sell both your kidneys on the internet
6.eat a tube of super glue 
7.dress like a moose during hunting season 
8.poke a stick at a grizzly bear 
9.scratch a drug dealers new ride 
10.let a cereal killer inside 
11.using your cloths dryer as a hiding place 
12.I wonder what's this red button do 
13.keep a rattle snake as a pet 
14.disturb a wasps nest for no good reason 
15.use your private parts as phraina bait 
(Idk how to spell phraina but I HAD to add tht part)
16 - Listen to that song one too many times.
"15.use your private parts as phraina bait"They rarely attack humans though. That would be like using a can as bait o_O
that take me back when i use to hid in the dryer when i was little
forget to set your alarm and you never wake up
I say :
Prove it!
Uber!
Coolie
Rad
Pice!
As Fine As Cream Gravy!
Tuck yer shirt tail in! Your spurs are all tangled up!
DAMN YOU GRAVITY!!!!!!!!!!
My spoon is too big...:/
BOOMAGE/Pownage/Ownage/ You just got powned!
Shlice!/Slice!

and a TON more XD but i can't think of em right now... there's just TOO MANY! XD
					
					

I say legit a lot
I like the word Persnickety, and I say Damn you Scuba Steve when things are a fail
i also say Lame alot
and Hmm
I say

I am simply one hell of a *blank*(from Black Butler: ) !)

Baka!

Dickwad

Dipwad

I say Oh My God a lot

I say Duuude... a lot

Sweet

Shitwad

Its obvious i cuss a lot lol

Neat

I also speak in gibberish that sounds like it could be a real language, just to confuse ppl all the time, tho idk if that really counts
					
					

I always say:
"dude"
"the hell?" 
"fine, sue me!"
"hahaha...no"
"diablo"
"i have no idea/ i dont know"
that's all I know that I use a lot...
lets see..theres:
dipshit
i say seems legit a lot
shitload
da fuq? 
oh my gerbils
come at me brah
take a fuckin picture man
ima beast
oreoooo
such things like that XD
I say "Fucks Fun" a lot. Aaaaaaaand And I say "I don't breaks me" when ever I don't care about something.
i say agreed alot and hmm after everything i say hmm
I say:

"What the chizz?"

''Seems legit"

"I'm a conservative boss''

"YEAAAAAHHHHH''

Lol that's pretty much it
XD I just remembered these: (& more i say evn mor but forgot XD)

omg/lol
candycorn is gross... :/
bananas :D/ bananasauce
THAT'S SO FIERCE
Oh. I say Lawl a lot too

Lawl
Lawlz!
lolz
Kawaii
cute
^vv^
:3
Pineapples
like
coolz
awesome xD
whaaaaaa?
say wha?
confuzzled
lolz
I just remembered that I always say "If I could I would, but I can't so I shan't" XP
xD thats good one ^
seems legit :3
did you know that lawl stands for loud akwardly weird laugh?? my best friend came up with that
I say so much random stuff I can't keep track of it..... But I do say 'Seems Legit', 'Cool Story Bro' and WTF a lot.
					
					

Lol. I didn't know that Gabbi. I speak Random too Pixel; You're not alone. I like to say "Purdy" as in like "pretty" but weirdly. =D
agreed hmm
Odd.
i say "shat/ shiz" as a subsitute word
i say lots of other stuff but i cant really remember them...
^^^^^^ Lolz ^^^^^
I say fetus and,

suplex. my phrase would be ( I like your smart stupidity) lol.
Sweven :3

I love saying that word.
I say fetus and,suplex. my phrase would be ( I like your smart stupidity) lol. Awzum phrase. I approve!
Sweven :3I love saying that word.\ Definition, please?
um i sumtimes put plurals on words that cant b a plural...
idk its weird
i say lolziez
wowziez
biggies
i hav a habit of sayin heyhey
\ Definition, please?It means like. A dream :3LOVETHATWORDAnd MOTHERFUCK
i hav a habit of sayin heyheyHeyy,Heyy. 
well im native so i come up with  lot of weird stuff like:
Bloop!
AHEEHEE!
not even
Neyo!
pshh!
goat cheese.
U SMELL LIKE CORN PUFFS AND HOT DOG WATER. =(
agreed hm
I say dude to much. Especially when someone pushes me or something. D;
i see... AH RUN FOR UR LIVES ITS THE SPARKLY VAMPIRES!!!
I say dude to much. Especially when someone pushes me or something. D;Same here...
i see... AH RUN FOR UR LIVES ITS THE SPARKLY VAMPIRES!!!Lawl...HOLY FUCK IT'S THE GLOWING WEREWOLVES!!!!! 8O
I say rad, spiffy, and "suck my d*ck" alot xD
Sorry, I can be rather vulgar at times, lol.
oh yeah!
lololol
i use z's a lot, and nice, i sayz i loverzzz you 2  my homies and RAWR to my girls
i say shiz nit lol
I say words like :

Gamnit

Ja

Holy shizz 

Baka

GOD karin is such a douche ( xD)

Flail

Lulz

Cupcaking(means humping or sex)

And there's more o3o
I sayy...
 What sort of fuckery is this?!
Baby Jesus!
JELLY/JELLO!
Evol sorcery!
Ur mom

Lol all is said at times were it makes least sense
I say legit alot.. I use the word 'Eliquent' whenever i can because it's just such a awesome word..  I say 'you fucking knobgal' yeah that's cool..
I also say 'Dope' alot.. Don't know why i just do..
Fucking knobgals..... D:

Blood after every awkward moment
Lawd
Thats legit
Come at me bro
RAWR 
yOUR FUCKIN AWSUM
I always say:
epic,
smooth,
lolz
LMAOSHMSFOAIDMT (laughing my ass off so hoard my sombraro fell off and i dropped my taco)
 so yeh that's my words
What the french?!!!
kolkolkolkol..
Nomnomnom...
Baka
B/c (if your Jamaicaian u know what this means)  xD
I like to say:

"Ain't nuthin' but a mix thang'" When praised

"What's Kickin' ?" As a greeting

"It's nice to have goals" When someone threatens to beat me at something

"I'm bout's to do me some ( insert action here )" When i'm about to do something

"Nope" When i disprove

"Sad day" When sympathizing with someone

"That sucks" When i doth not give two shits

"For sure" When i agree
I say...

OHMYLANTA (The Ringer)

Dumb Dusty Dirty (My 3 Ds)

Effin'

Fuckity Fuck

Broski

Oh My Geezes

You Guyses

BANANA POWER

TOLO

Yo

Strickly Dickly

Boobie Friendly

Big or Small; Save Them All

Gal

Kid

Loll

Ima Gonna

FOLKS!

Fixin'

She's Too Extra

Bitch Tits

If I say a word that has an 'x' in it, I'll use 3 x's instead of 1

And I use '
"u fucktard"
"Butt-muncher"
"Baka"
"coolio"
"cool beans"
"Kaa"
"dafuq"
"that just happened"
"sorry I lied"
"seems legit"
"cuuuursseesss!!"
"righto" 
"so zetta slow" (from sho minamimoto)
"I just died..." 
"check it"
"the same thing we do every night...Try To Take Over The World!!" (After someone asks me what are we doing tonight) (p&tB)
"what's the point"
"I say good show lad"
"By Oden's beard"
"I'm sorry what" 
"U mad bro?"
"kawaiiii"
"Aw that___looks sad"
eh I say a lot of random shits
I say dude, bro, and son way too much
"Yeah, I just went there"
"Drop dead, good sir"
"Son, I am disappoint"
"Ima slap the shiznits outta you"
"What is this mind fuckery?"
"I'm not gonna lie, but..."
"Meh"
"Curse you, society!!!"
"Haha... Yeah, really funny..."
"Hell if I know, hell if I care"
"Well isn't that lovely/fantastic"
"Omg, it's magicks!"
"Cool story, bro. Please never tell it again"
"What is this I don't even"
"What is this shish?"
"Shish happens, bro"
"Dafuq you want?"
"F That S, son"
"Trollo"
"Yeah, I lied"
"What's the matter, lover?"
"My lover from another mother"
"Brb, dying"
"... And you're telling me this because....?"
"Everyone died. The end" (When I just told a story and someone asks me to tell it over again)
"Don't you "bro" me, dude!"
"I less than three you"
"I am sadfaced/I am happyfaced"
"I am confuzzled"
"Well ain't this a bish"
"Darn you! Darn you to heck!"
"You sick son of a bish"
"Ooh, you nasty"

I could go on forever but I think I'll just leave it at that
Meow :3 =^.^=
yaaaay
Awwwww!
nyah nyah
mru mru (like a cat.. I am cat)
I hate... (recently, I don't like it)
*sometimes talks about herself in 3rd person: Mido/Cat does, likes etc.*
That is wonderful.


( XD That's my most recent phrase.)
i say

dark greetings

hecate have mercy

thank hecate

no diggity

you got sarge
THAT'S A HUUUUUUUUUUUGE BITCH!
I like the kind that go meow and purr :3
HEY MEEEEE TOO!!!!!
You forgot the hairless cats. :3
I'm more of a dog person xD
i 
I love Mao cat's and Bengals but they both come second to sphynxs. I'm getting two Sphynx kittens soon, there wasn't a picture of any so I'll put one up
Midget cats ftw!
I LOVE Siamese Cats They Are so cute!! I Have one her Name is Tinkerbell!! She's 12 And adorably fat!!
I love Siamese Cats and specially the hairy ones xD's Here's a picture ... :3
thank you for the pics of the cats i didn't get a picture of every breed so if you have a picture of one that is not up there please add it  thank you
I like all cats. The cats I ave now are tonkanese and they are awesome...let's see if I can show you guys.  Nope, can't do it on the phone. Take my word for it, she's damn cute.
I hate cats. I like doggies woof woof  randomness
I like tigers...panthers....lions.	  what's wrong with that? They're in the cat species.
					
					

there is nothing wrong with that. Big cats are also cats. and yes tonkanese are very cute
omg that is an adorable cat
Thank you, she tries very hard.
well she succeeds. she is beautiful
I love big cats :3

I
I find cats quite scary
I like the kind that go meow and purr :3Agreed shawn but i love Savannah cats also they are soo pretty
so I saw this thread again and my very first thought was this
I am a cat but I can purr only while breathing out... Is sth wrong with meh? *^*
I love white Tiffany cats, European Shorthairs are too energetic for me O o
my chose would be a main coon hands down no question asked i use to own one i miss her so much i love her so ToT
my pussie's the only cat i love
WHAT'S YOUR MOST HILARIOUS GLITCHES IN A VIDEO GAME ??
for me it was halo two when you do multiplier with over sheild with the wrath cant remember the map but you will go flying very high up and get on the skyscapers
Found a glitch on mw3 where you could sit and see them re-spawn so I ended up with like 80 kill streaks while the rest of my team had no idea what was going on
same duncan lol but it wasn't a glitch i just had a good hiding place
Found a weird glitch in bad company where i shot a guy in the head and his corpse started jackin off. I couldn't play the game for like an hour cuz i was laughing so hard
My favorite glitch of all time, the spastic horses when playing red redemption, They would apear to be having seizures and the carts would rattle or they would leap several feet in the air.
So I used to come here quite often. I think since the year 2007. Anyways, I stopped coming to the chat when my computer broke, I was only left with an older iPod which I knew the chat or chatango wouldn't  work on. I now have an iPad, which is more up to date. My questions are; is there any way the chat could work on an iPad? And is the chat still "supported" by chatango?
Well, we now have different chats. There is 2 Tinychats, Chatango and IP chat. IP chat should be fine with your iPad. For the TinyChats, you would need a special app. As far as I'm concerned, chatango can't be used on the iPad.
Pretty much what reza said, and considering the IP chat is the main chat used atm - the answer to you being able to chat is a yes.
All right. Thanks. Yeah chatango doesn't work on the iPad. I'll see if there's a tinychat app.
I was so curious about what my name means. When I looked it up at google and got alot of answers but this one is my favorite:It means "little Paul" and is used as a female form of the name Paul. Small, humble, dark eyes, etc.And so I wondered what does your name mean?
urgh...well i kno my name is an english soccer team
mine means pure
A residential district of London, on the northern bank of the Thames River.A fashionable residential section of southern Manhattan in New York City, on the west side of the cityChelsea Smile means:A torturing term used all around the world but originating in Chelsea. The victim's hands are tied or held and the sides of there mouth are cut slightly breaking the strong lip structure. The victim is then kicked very hard in the nuts or in the case of a woman a leg is broken and as the victim screams the cuts rip creating the Chelsea Smile.^ thats actualy really cool O.O but creepyChelsea \ch(el)-sea\ as a girl's name is pronounced CHELL-see. It is of Old English origin, and the meaning of Chelsea is "chalk landing place". From "cealc hyo", a place name for a port where chalk shipments were received. 20th-century coinage and place name, in reference to the glamorous district in London and several places in America, the earliest of which, in Maryland, was named in 1739. Possibly linked with British pop culture of the late 1960s and songs like Joni Mitchell's "Chelsea Morning". Also possibly influenced by Kelsey. First Daughter Chelsea Clinton was named after the Joni Mitchell song "Chelsea Morning".
					
					

Mine means God is my judge
my name (jessica) means wealthy, and comes from a hebrew origin
Black, dark one, little dark one etc...
It's a Persian name meaning a flower or a Gift from God. The flower is small, delicate white flowers.
my name means strong and independent
aww mine is just weird O.o
aww mine is just weird O.o so weird is cool
My name: Ashleigh
My names meaning:
"One who dwells in the ash tree meadow." or Ash-Tree Meadow
Mine means gold. I hate my name so much though. I'm thinking of changing it.
Light and Brightness. very different from the urban dictionary meaning. -.- -Shudder.
Mines Carrie. It means melody
my name: Sariah
There are two versions of my name, the Persian is spelt like Soraya or something like that, and it means star or bright light. I have the Hebrew version meaning "Princess of the Lord" I think.
i dunno xD i hate my name  O_o
Olga means: lucky (bringing luck), fortunate.
Berenika means: bringing the victory.

Funny connection, right? My parents didn't probably think about these meanings, simply liked the names ^-^
Joy and Happiness
my last name means cross in Spanish
Both my first and middle name add up to mean healing warrior.
My parents thought out my name so yeah, Ive known the meaning since forever.
king
genius...at everything...including not being a genius
Whats your favorite food in the world hm? Mines Pizza
california burrito :3
Penis with a side of Milk.
Penis with a side of Milk.that too lol
Macaroni & Cheese
Macaroni & Cheese  lol yesh thats pretty awesome too
Your mom.
Sushi!!
Cookies cookies! Or maybe chocolate? ^ ^"
california burrito :3try mexico burrito there is no other
Morning... "
I had a confusing dream about running away from zombies, sacrifice, and excursions ...
This Is looked. Up about it...

 To dream about an execution suggests that you will come upon bad 
luck due to others' lack of concern or attention to details.

 Being sacrificed in a dream indicates that you expect too much of yourself and never feel as if you possess the capability to achieve your goals. You may also hold the notion that your natural gifts are often ignored by others. To adjust this, you may have to discover unusual and innovative methods of self-expression.

To runaway you are trying to avoid an issue in your real life. Pretending it doesn't exist could make things worse - you will not solve problems until you face them head on. This dream also suggests that you are not taking or accepting responsibility for your actions.
....
Ok this very true for me which is weird....
anyone have some dream to tell about I'll look it up tell me if it works or not...
Iam trying g to test this thing...
					
					

O-o okay 
heh...
All squiggles all the time
O.o huh squiggles??
sqquigglesssss
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ When is this thing even used?
lolz no idea xD
~
~ I have returned from a long time of forgetfullismz, so time to add some squiggles ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Heyyyyyyyyyy,
Im new!!! 
What u guys up to??
Haiii c: nice to meet ya
If you were about to die, what would your last words be ?

Mine would be "respawn in five...four..three" and i would keep counting down until i died.
Not my words, but ehh."To die will be an awfully big adventure." -PPGotta love that Peter Pan C: 
Not my words, but ehh."To die will be an awfully big adventure." -PPGotta love that Peter Pan C: 
Mine would be this
*whispers*
'Tell...Johnny...I love him..'
Lol

I'd say "Hey, if we're lucky, Hell will have GREAT signal" 

Nah. 

I'd say "Life is just a cycle."

Nahh. 

I'd say something.
NOOOOO NOT MY CEREALLLLL
Die!? how the fuck can i die when i was never even alive?
Hi, I'm Johnny Knoxville, welcome to Jackass!
					
					

Hi, I'm Johnny Knoxville, welcome to Jackass!xD
"The world will know true pain, and the fear of that pain will put an end to war... It will lead the world to stability and peace." Or if remix was by my side id say Aka dotto my child.....aka dotto....(dead)
''I don't want to be a part of this sick world , when the time comes , it will be consumed by a sea of darkness.No one accepted me , so no one will see me again!''
"The world will know true pain, and the fear of that pain will put an end to war... It will lead the world to stability and peace." Or if remix was by my side id say Aka dotto my child.....aka dotto....(dead) Wow that would be a waste of last words if i was there - . - At least change it to blue !
fine lol
"Before i die... You must know... I buried 1 million dollars next to the..." -Enter my death-
"Before i die... You must know... I buried 1 million dollars next to the..." -Enter my death-Omg nice !
"ain't this...a...bitch"
or "don't forget...to have...me stuffed and mounteeeedddd..."
or "beam me up...Scotty" or "before I leave this earth...I will laugh at you"
or the cliche "goodbye...cruel world"
or "go ahead, mock me...but it wasn't Stewie who was laughing at me...it was GOD!!" -dramatic music from Amadeus-
Hi, I'm Johnny Knoxville, welcome to Jackass!Yes.
I'm out bitches, see you on the other side xD
Yet another pointless topic...
0.0 yea..?
Um...I think so.-. how else are yu gonna clean your carpet/floor? :c
they are sooooo hot no questions hands down there so sexy
theyre sick,parents wont let me get em but theyre sick
They are definitely hot
Very sexy XD
i want em
Ah yes totally HOT! xD 
Totally HOT period
Can some one help me....
my friend asked my other friend out ....
he emo extremely insecure,  gets depressed easy. He got out a long distance relationship
he was ahhh ...well let say it was really bad....
He a cool dude were like brothers (I am a girl just saying)
My friend is thinking a bout saying yes which surprised me but ... he doesn't know and avoids her
So hes not rejected ... :c
I love my friends but if this rodent work out this might damage their friend ship and with our other
friends ...
wonder should. I let it be or talk to them about if their sure a bout it
:c :&
Play the game, they say. 

It's only Slenderman, they say. 

You're flashlight won't die, they say. 

It's only three AM, they say. 


NOW I'M ADDICTED. 


Does anyone else know/like Slenderman ?

Slendyslendyslendy c:
I never played the game but I watched a documentary that was creepy. I love Slenderman.
The Docs. was really good in the beginning but now...its so fucking boring. I can't even finish it. -.-"
i like playing the newest mods of slenderman
Oh my gosh it is the best game out. I made my brother play it with the lights off, he nearly threw my laptop across the room .lol
meh slender has gotten boring. i don't play it much anymore
amnesia is hella better and more fun to play than slenderman xD
Amnesia ?

I'll have to look it up
Ami rage quits to much on that game
Lol it fucking pisses me off and scares me and

STFU JASON
Language young lady
-.-
D:

My reaction would make you shit yourself. 

I'm like SHIT HE'S THERE STOP FOLLOWINJG ME RUNRUNRUNRUNRUNRUNRUN
I was on 7/8 notes i was just about to grab the last one i turn my mouse right he grabs me and turns me around and i lost. OT: He scares the shit out of me i swear hes after me ;-;
RIGHT. OMG I AGREE.
Don't u lose even of u get all the notes
there is a lot of maps of the game , i think 5 or 6 and more are on the way to be made.

As i recall there was another Slenderman game coming soon , which will be improved version.
ooohhh :3And no, my friend has won the game before.
Yeah. I read your posts at Emo(s) Anonymous
awww thanks sweety i just cant help it shes ecerythin ive ever wanted
the best part of me is you my love
Anyone get in talk about anything lol
Derp.
okay i guess.....

I was brushing my teeth and well it's an electronic tooth brush...

My grandma was kncoking on the door "Child! What are you doing in there!?"

"I'm just brushing my teeth Nana!," I spat...

"oh I thougth you had a vibrator in there..."

"cough cough!! what?! Cough!!! hruuuck!! Nanaaa?! *Choking* Cough! "

Now I need a basic toothbrush....
I died reading that lol.
I'm glad I didn't die like that. Imagine the headlines.

 Electronic brush rips out woman's uvula, 
 Distraugth Grandmother claims "If only it really was a vibrator she'd be alive..."
 Death caused by faulty tooth brush causes national product recall...

"Thats why we don be using em fancy tooth sticks. Them tooth cleaners ain't noffin but trouble...." Claims some red neck with bad teeth some where...
talk? ok LETS talk...
How is everyone doing?
bby everyone's gotta die somehow lol .


And killing yourself ? Why child, why.
Yes I also dare ask why....

And whatever you do, do not whine about shit you do not want to fix, because I will sort it out and tell you about it. If you're feeling down about how life is out of control or "you'll get even with them for that" and you find it somehow satisfying to share that with me, you will NOT find the compassion (commiseration) and understanding (ignorance) you are seeking.

You will, however, find out about concepts like self-sabotage and how we are each individually responsible for everything we experience, one way or another, and maybe even a brief explication of my belief that the worst kind of laziness is a superficial mind, depending on how much you may or may not choose to contribute to the resolution of the original topic that you first brought to bear....

Okay you can proceed. Just giving you a fair warning.
uhhh...not sure sharing this out public is a good idea... x_x
Well you can reach me on my inbox if you want to talk about it. We wanted to liven the page up not kill it....  lemme just leave you my..... hey.... Hey! Don't you run away from me! Get back here! You clearly need to get your shit together!

It's not gonna kill you to get some constructive critisism!

*chases him*
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!
I HATE YOU SO BAD! 
SAID I DONT MISS YOU! YOU KNOW THATS NOT TRUE! BOY I WANT YOU BACK! 
I HATE YOU SO MUCH!
BUT I LOVE YOU OH SO BAD! 
WHEN I SAY IM LEAVING! I DONT MEAN IT! I JUST WANT YOU BACK! 
GOT MY HOPES UP! WHEN WE BROKE UP! THAT WE'D GET BACK! ALWAYS SAID THAT! 
NO MATTER WHAT WE WOULD BE TOGETHER! I WANT YOU BACK NOW MORE THAN EVER!
ITS LIKE WE'RE ON A ROLLERCOASTER! YOU TAKE ME UP HIGH THEN TAKE ME DOWN LOW! 
THERE GOES THOSE GAMES BOY! YOU THINK YOU'RE CLEVER!
YOU TRIED TO PLAY ME! ITS SO WHATEVER!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH! 
I HATE YOU SO BAD! 
SAID I DONT MISS YOU! YOU KNOW ITS NOT TRUE! BOY I WANT YOU BACK!
I HATE YOU SO MUCH!
BUT I LOVE YOU OH SO BAD! 
WHEN I SAY IM LEAVING! I DONT MEAN IT! I JUST WANT YOU BACK!

;~; song of my heart 
Yes I also dare ask why....And whatever you do, do not whine about shit you do not want to fix, because I will sort it out and tell you about it. If you're feeling down about how life is out of control or "you'll get even with them for that" and you find it somehow satisfying to share that with me, you will NOT find the compassion (commiseration) and understanding (ignorance) you are seeking.You will, however, find out about concepts like self-sabotage and how we are each individually responsible for everything we experience, one way or another, and maybe even a brief explication of my belief that the worst kind of laziness is a superficial mind, depending on how much you may or may not choose to contribute to the resolution of the original topic that you first brought to bear....Okay you can proceed. Just giving you a fair warning....funny...
Well you can reach me on my inbox if you want to talk about it. We wanted to liven the page up not kill it....  lemme just leave you my..... hey.... Hey! Don't you run away from me! Get back here! You clearly need to get your shit together!It's not gonna kill you to get some constructive critisism!*chases him*maybe i will... not sure
					
					

well, hello there everyone  im not much of a talker, but i will try my best 

sooooo, how is everyone doing? hehe
sooooo, how is everyone doing? heheshould i repeat my self? well same as yesterday...
should i repeat my self? well same as yesterday... oh, ok. sorry. i wasn't on here yesterday. i was just wondering, thats all
oh, ok. sorry. i wasn't on here yesterday. i was just wondering, thats allits ok...its just me...feeling like s**t
Look what you did... you made her apologize but she didn't even do anything,,, Now, clearly she wasn't addressing only you, so apologize for marketing your saddness on her arrival. you shouldn't be such a downer and make other people feel bad just cause you have a crappy relationship with yourself.
uhh... i rarely apologize.I don't like apologizing so all I am gonna say is It was wrong to behave like this from my side...
					
					

You just think twice about how you treat people then. Don't lock someone into sympathy then drag them through the mud from point A to point B just because they wanted to salvage your emotions. Everyone's got thier own problems and insecurities to worry about and they don't need any extar guilt So man up and respect people when they show genuine concern for your well being. you are gonna see for yourself that not everyone is nice and not everyone wants to share the pity party spotlight. So keep an open mind.
You just think twice about how you treat people then. Don't lock someone into sympathy then drag them through the mud from point A to point B just because they wanted to salvage your emotions. Everyone's got thier own problems and insecurities to worry about and they don't need any extar guilt So man up and respect people when they show genuine concern for your well being. you are gonna see for yourself that not everyone is nice and not everyone wants to share the pity party spotlight. So keep an open mind.uhhhh....o.O *looks away*
YOU 
MAKE
MY
HEART
RACE!
YOUMAKEMYHEARTRACE!  well that was random lolz I was expecting Evil to keep fussing with silent but this was right there lolz:P
well that was random lolz I was expecting Evil to keep fussing with silent but this was right there lolz:Pshe kinda confused me a little... x_x ...scary... *covers eyes under shirt*
idk bout anybody else...
but I like this page.  
since it's a talk page... just wanted to share someting I thought interesting...    I remember something a guy told me a while ago.  He said not to judge a book by it's cover because my knight in shining armour might just be a retard in tin foil.
					
					

oh.. I had a hallutionation once when my boyfriend asked me to squeeze a pimple on his back and for some weird reason i thougth there was a touch screen on his back... And I thougth I was sliding the apps around trying to find the pimple. I figured maybe if I find the pimple app it would make the pimple pop up... and... it made more sense when I was stoned...
yeah i guess i will have too...otherwise you will freak me out...*looks over the shoulder* i already have halusinations of ppl folowing me...Sorry lol
oh.. I had a hallutionation once when my boyfriend asked me to squeeze a pimple on his back and for some weird reason i thougth there was a touch screen on his back... And I thougth I was sliding the apps around trying to find the pimple. I figured maybe if I find the pimple app it would make the pimple pop up... and... it made more sense when I was stoned...My gosh you are freaking me out... x_x
My gosh you are freaking me out... x_xWelcome to the world of Evil lolz:p
Hey... how come the guy who started this did'nt come back..... I only just noticed. seems he vanished.
I made an effort to liven him up for nothing.
OH LEAH o.o hmmms...


ANYTHING? ;p hahha


MY BIRTHDAY IS SUNDAY :DDD
DESPITE THE LIES THAT ARE MAKING
YOUR LOVE IS MY FAULT TO TAKE
MY LOVE IS JUST WAITING
TO TURN YOUR TEARS TO ROSES!

NO , YOU WILL NEVER BE ALONE
WHEN DARKNESS FALL
I WILL LIGHT THE NIGHT WITH STARS
HEAR MY WHISPERS IN THE DARK

NO , YOU WILL NEVER BE ALONE
WHEN DARKNESS FALL
YOU KNOW THAT I AM NEVER FAR
HEAR MY WHISPERS IN THE DARK

There , some random from me too.Part from one of my favorite songs.
oh a skillet fan i see. 

(and no i didnt not use google .-.)
You just think twice about how you treat people then. Don't lock someone into sympathy then drag them through the mud from point A to point B just because they wanted to salvage your emotions. Everyone's got thier own problems and insecurities to worry about and they don't need any extar guilt So man up and respect people when they show genuine concern for your well being. you are gonna see for yourself that not everyone is nice and not everyone wants to share the pity party spotlight. So keep an open mind.So tru!
I don't remember taking this picture on my phone but me and my brother totally need to s hang out more....
I am TheFallen and I say"COME ALIVE! COME ALIVE YOU MONSTER!"
I am TheFallen and I say"COME ALIVE! COME ALIVE YOU MONSTER!"*cuddles in the courner* i see scary people everywhere x_X
Fear is just your brain telling you to avoid something. It's a figment of your imagination not an emotion. Scary isn't really either what you may think is scary may be amazing to someone else. Hmmmm.... It's seems when you strip emotion down to the facts there isn't really that many emotions in the world.

I know what is going to happen people are going to try and contradict me but here's my  facts. Your brain controlls your body it's like control central to every nerve, cell, organ, ect... well when you think something is scary and you start to feel that unease that's your brain telling you to get away so your not really scared your just reacting to what your brain is telling you. Pain can also be faked in the brain.... If you think something hurts like popping a pimple then your brain will tell your body that this hurts.... See lolz
Yeah i know but sometimes i still question the brain in huge cases. I read an article on cracked.com about a man who got his leg ripped right off when he was ridding his motor and he didn't even know until he stoped at a red light or something. Extreme things like that are so weird.
IM FEELING BETTER! 
EVER SINCE YOU KNOWN ME!
I WAS A LONELY SOUL! 
BUT THATS THE OLD ME!
A LITTLE WISER NOW FROM WHAT YOU SHOULD ME!
EH, I FEEL AGAIN!
I FEEL AGAIN!
I don't feel like reading any of the posts on here

MAKE ME CHEESECAKE BITCHES.
As time goes by nothing has changed.I wont stand and watch you wither away. After all this time I stand by you. Through all of the years I've been with you. Through pain and affliction, with every addiction. I will never let you down. I will live by this code:Never surrender, you and I are one.Through the eye of the storm. You are never alone.Even through the shadows. You are never alone.After all this time still you struggle.Even words of love ring so hollow.I have no regrets. I have no remorse and if you falter, I wont let you down.Through the eye of the storm. You are never alone.Even through the shadows. You are never alone.Together we stand. Never fall. No matter the trial, we will overcome. We will overcome.  Some song lyrics i decided to share from one of my favorite bands Killswitch Engage
Hi i'm new and i want to meet some new people
Hai Newbie and welcome to EmoPuddle :3
Hai(: welcome to EP
heyheymee Chelsea/Chelza/Poodle/Pandah...welcomes to ep 
thank you :3
Welcome to the meat grinder enjoy your stay
Wow... joint T_T
Anyway welcome my friend.xD
Hope u enjoy EP 
Talk to me any time!!
Hi Ive only met a few Therians i was just wondering have u encoutered some or are u a therian?
Yup ^-^ im a wolf therian and proud of it!
whats a Therian?
I'm a therian, a wolf therian in fact
idk wat a therian is...
If you were rich...INFINITE MONEY!

wat wud b ur dream house?
place to live...like wat country wud u love to live in?

any special things youd do...like charities, adopting kids and/or animals? make a new awsum theme park?

any thing you wud luv to have? any random stuff?
id buy a huge block of land and build a huge house  (cinema,bowling alley, gaming arcade, go kart track, heated indoor pool and lots of other things) and have lots of cute jack russell pups 

id buy the shelby gt500 which was in gone in 60 seconds 


ahh only if such thing existed
I'd buy nothing I don't already have.
id luv to live in Japan xD or id live here in australia but have my own holiday house in Japan ^vv^
private jet of course so i can travel where eva i want xD
get maids n bulters cuz id hav a big house
get a husky
pug
dalmation boxer
chow chow
hmmmm n sum persian cats n sphinx cats
i want sum snakes n a blue gold macaw n a bat xD

get dream car
giv $ to charities

YEA YEA YEA LOL
One Cuil = One level of abstraction away from the reality of a situation.Example: You ask me for a Hamburger.1 Cuil: if you asked me for a hamburger, and I gave you a raccoon.2 Cuils: If you asked me for a hamburger, but it turns out I don't really exist. Where I was originally standing, a picture of a hamburger rests on the ground.3 Cuils: You awake as a hamburger. You start screaming only to have special sauce fly from your lips. The world is in sepia.4 Cuils: Why are we speaking German? A mime cries softly as he cradles a young cow. Your grandfather stares at you as the cow falls apart into patties. You look down only to see me with pickles for eyes, I am singing the song that gives birth to the universe.5 Cuils: You ask for a hamburger, I give you a hamburger. You raise it to your lips and take a bite. Your eye twitches involuntarily. Across the street a father of three falls down the stairs. You swallow and look down at the hamburger in your hands. I give you a hamburger. You swallow and look down at the hamburger in your hands. You cannot swallow. There are children at the top of the stairs. A pickle shifts uneasily under the bun. I give you a hamburger. You look at my face, and I am pleading with you. The children are crying now. You raise the hamburger to your lips, tears stream down your face as you take a bite. I give you a hamburger. You are on your knees. You plead with me to go across the street. I hear only children's laughter. I give you a hamburger. You are screaming as you fall down the stairs. I am your child. You cannot see anything. You take a bite of the hamburger. The concrete rushes up to meet you. You awake with a start in your own bed. Your eye twitches involuntarily. I give you a hamburger. As you kill me, I do not make a sound. I give you a hamburger.6 Cuils: You ask me for a hamburger. My attempt to reciprocate is cut brutally short as my body experiences a sudden lack of electrons. Across a variety of hidden dimensions you are dismayed. John Lennon hands me an apple, but it slips through my fingers. I am reborn as an ocelot. You disapprove. A crack echoes through the universe in defiance of conventional physics as cosmological background noise shifts from randomness to a perfect A Flat. Children everywhere stop what they are doing and hum along in perfect pitch with the background radiation. Birds fall from the sky as the sun engulfs the earth. You hesitate momentarily before allowing yourself to assume the locus of all knowledge. Entropy crumbles as you peruse the information contained within the universe. A small library in Phoenix ceases to exist. You stumble under the weight of everythingness, Your mouth opens up to cry out, and collapses around your body before blinking you out of the spatial plane. You exist only within the fourth dimension. The fountainhead of all knowledge rolls along the ground and collides with a small dog. My head tastes sideways as spacetime is reestablished, you blink back into the corporeal world disoriented, only for me to hand you a hamburger as my body collapses under the strain of reconstitution. The universe has reasserted itself. A particular small dog is fed steak for the rest of its natural life. You die in a freak accident moments later, and you soul works at the returns desk for the Phoenix library. You disapprove. Your disapproval sends ripples through the inter-dimensional void between life and death. A small child begins to cry as he walks toward the stairway where his father stands.7 Cuils: I give you a hamburger. The universe is engulfed within itself. A bus advertising hotdogs drives by a papillon. It disapproves. An unnatural force reverses Earth's gravity. You ask for a hamburger. I reciprocate with a mildly convulsing potato. You disapprove. Your disapproval releases a cosmic shift in the void between birth and life. You ask for a hamburger. A certain small dog feasts on hamburger patties for the rest of its unnatural, eternal endurance. Your constant disapproval sends silence through everything. A contrived beast becomes omnipotent. You ask for a hamburger. I give you a hamburger your body becomes an unsettled blob of nothingness, then divides by three. The papillon barks. The universe realigns itself. You, the papillon, and the hamburger disapprove. This condemnation stops the realignment. Hades freezes over. A pig is launched is launched into the unoccupied existence between space and time with a specific hamburger. You ask for a hamburger. I give you a hamburger. It screams as you lift it to your face. You laugh maniacally as I plead with you. You devour the hamburger as it pleads for mercy. I disapprove and condemn you to an eternity in a certain void where a certain pig and its specific hamburger are located. The Universal Space-time Continuum Committee disapproves of my irrational decision. You are locked away and are fed hamburgers for the rest of your natural existence. A pickle refuses to break down during the process of digestion. You die in a freak accident. A certain pickle lives the rest of its life in a comatose state. Your soul disapproves. Down the street a child cries as a hamburger gets stuck in, and climbs back up, her esophagus. You ask again for a hamburger. I refuse to reciprocate. You demand a lawyer. I remind you harshly that this is the new world order. Lawyers no longer exist. Only papillons. Your name is written on a list of sins. Blasphemy. You ask for a hamburger. The comatose pickle vanquishes your soul from this universe. Realignment occurs. You beg for a hamburger. A certain papillon's name is written on an obelisk in Egypt. Mumble. Peasants worship the obelisk. Your soulless corpse partakes in the festivity. Hamburgers are banned universally. The sun implodes. All planets cease to have ever existed. Mercury. Venus. Earth. Mars. Jupiter. Saturn. Uranus. Neptune. Pluto is the only mass in existence. Conveniently, you are on vacation here. Your need for hamburgers re-establishes space-time. Earth is recreated under your intergalactic rule. Hamburgers are your army. You wake up. Clowns. Clowns everywhere. Your dream rushes to meet you. You are kidnapped. You ask for a hamburger. They hand you a hotdog.
This is a tumblr post
I send out a special salute to my haters u guys make ME FAMOUS!!! hate me all u want hate my hair my swagggggg lol my smile cause U CAN NEVER BE ME ur jealous of me and trying to deniy and judging cause  u can never be me so comment salute and agree if ur haters make u famous      look i'm a ninja I LOVE U GUYS LOL KEEP HATING
SALUTEEEEEE
I see we have a new nomination for the stupidest thread competition
You know. 

Suddenly I am not a pacifist anymore.
Wats your Fav Pokemon ? Mine is Mewtwo Get started my children
Gyarados. ;3
Ditto is my favourite
vulpix
Lol
Darkrai or Cresselia
if famouse people have quotes then why can't we. no rules, just post your quote and lets see what you think about.

- the most courage is shown by the ones who dare to be different.

- making a choice is just like staryng at a cake that sitting on the table, sooner or later you'r gonna eat it.

- fighting yourself will make you strong, but fighting for yourself will make you even stronger.

- we fight over pieces of paper and black goop , animals fight for survival. Tell me, who are the stupid ones here?

over time i shall be adding more quotes, and i hope you will share your thought as well.
if i have used someone elses quote please be sure to notify me. 
lets keep a friendly attitude here.
It's not spontaneous, Not edgy at all... You put to much thougth into it too make it perfect so... I don't like it if it's not something blurted in the heat of the moment.
"I'm Lou Paloma....BLOW ME!" its not mine but I love it.
Life sometimes gets better. So I wonder if it's worth living out to see, or just ending it now.
					
					

Even though you broke up with them, even though you two are no longer together, deep down you will always have special feelings for them...I wish I can fly, so if im upset and angry I can fly up into the sky, scream and cry as much as I want n no one would hear me...
If ur the one listening to everyones problems....then who's listening to YOUR problems?
I walk down the bricked road...but I cannot see because I am blinded from the bitch called life!
Your not a quiter if you loose your a quiter if you fail to try...

If you always do what you've always done, you will always get what you've always got.

Remember who you are and whoes you are.

If we don't end war, war will end us..

No matter how far you go down the wrong road you can always turn back..

Don't be mean cuz you can't be me...

You can't go unless you start..

To believe in others you must first believe in yourself...

I'm wild and I'm free who wouldn't wanna be me... (this is from a song)
"Life is music, i suggest you learn to dance."
Dont keep going back if theyr are obviously not interested
Why does life have to be bitch to most people?
"Be crazy. It's the only way you'll survive in this world." - Me. 
"Perfection (adj.): you." - Me.
Life is not what you make of it. It's how you choose to end it. 
Even tho life isn't all sunshine and rainbows doesn't mean you have to make the best of it
if life is unfair...make it fair
living is like playing a violant game, your knocked down, you bleed, get up, get revenge, and move on.

if the world keeps calling me a monster, then what should i call the world
lol
I want to know who does okAmii Homicide belong to? sooo many people claim that she belongs to them but who does she really belong to? o.oI say she mine xD
Lol. 

I'm scared to read this after people start replying.
LOLz... well I might just go to chat and link people here aye? xD
OhGod. 

I don't understand your head.
Wha? there is nothing wrong with my head o.o

I just want to know who "technically" owns you xD
					
					

Me and Del bought her. We are the legitimate owners.
I refuse. NO
Well she is my Daughter....
YEAH

I'M HIS DAUGHTER

NOT A SEX SLAVE

Gawsh. I'm getting kidnapped, claimed, sold, bought, 

DAMN
okay so offically she is shawns daughter
and my mom xD
Lol. 

People aren't going to let this down that easily. 

But until then 

*clings to Daddy's leg*

DADDY I'M NOT LEGGING GOOOO
Ultimately.... SHE IS MINE NO QUESTIONS, ANDS, IFS, OR BUTS. 
Awweee, my wifey is so cute :3

I'm almost scared to read what my other wives and husbands are going to say  lol
AMII D: you cheating on my chelza? o.o
Rainbow's and unicorns. Trolololololololol 
Not cheating

Polygamy :3
-.-
xD

Love ya Ash. 

But apparently Katie stole me :3
Well.... idk
;D
O.o
some of you people worry me just a little. lolz
Lol
You all be Trippin, She isn't a fucking object, That can belong to you, BUT I am Her Number one fan so SUCK ITI mean this out of love xDT
Lol. Nice my little stalker. 

I still don't understand you XD
Let me clear this up.

Amii is Shawn's daughter, so he has a valid claim to Amii.

Amii was also sold as a slave to Del and Rez so they also have rightful claims.

The rest of you don't. /end.

Why can't people just accept slavery and be happy with it? There's etheopean children out there who'd KILL to be Del and Rez's slave.
NO

THEN THEY CAN BE THEIR SLAVE

I REFUSE .
You were already sold. You cannot refuse.
BUT I REFUSE TO LISTEN TO THEM!!!!!!

REFUSE
You all be Trippin, She isn't a fucking object, That can belong to you, BUT I am Her Number one fan so SUCK ITI mean this out of love xDTOHH MEGA LOLOLOL xD
ohh btw amii ur mine xD tehehe
Hahahaha xDO.osome of you people worry me just a little. lolz  I know aye Charly ? xD
OHH MEGA LOLOLOL xDWell, he does say he is my biggest fan. Lol. ohh btw amii ur mine xD teheheOh? I'm so lost. CAN'T I JUST BE MY OWN??!?!?!
lolol xD kk

yeah i guess
hahahaha xD
Okay. So what I've gotten from this:

Shawn is my Dad, so he does have a claim on me. 

Reza traded me (I'm not sure if this was added) So I am Scribe's (and still Del's?)

And then all of my husbands and wives. 

And the fanboy.
O__o lol
okay, We're all good ehre. Case closed. 

I'm my own.
Lol. Liking the polygamy part Amii. Kudos to you.
Why thank you good man. I like it as well :3
well, shawn and I are married so she's my daughter :3
Yes, but she is also my wife

WifeWhoIsAlsoMyMother

That has to be freaky ..

XD
lol but you're "officially" my daughter. didn't we marry before the new family was created?
hahah kinda creepy lol
I don't remember ... All well. C:
I want bane
Wuhh ?
I AM A STRONG INDEPENDENT WOMAN I DON'T NEED NO MAN

ya'll can't have none of this
even if ya'll wanted to ya'll couldn't handle all of me

I am big and beautimous
You keep thinking that  I'm flash gordon
D:

Y U NO LOVE AMII
Nich ulitowala sie zarysowac przynajmniej zreby dzialalnosci gospodarczej zawsze mamo wygralem jej twarz byla rumiana twarza do sali jadalnej na stolach wciaz zaslania twarz. That should be illegal O.e
hm
i was recently on yahho, and i discovered a very stupid question. Can emos be muscular? when i read this question i laughed like hell.
i laughed even harder when i read the answers. half the answer were that you should be a little skinny or a little chubby and the other half was supporting the emos can be whatever they want to be. i support the second half. i'm ripped, mostley cos i do alot of manual labour and the sports i play demand a strong build. waht do you think ? ? ? ? ? 

do what you want, be who you are and don't take shit from anyone, just cos your emo, goth, punk, christian, satanist, doesn't mean you haveto be the textbook example of it.

any more stupid '' Can emos...??? '' question?
Haha lol. I totes agree with you. I saw one that was like 'Can emo's be Tan' that's hilarious, coz I'm really tan. I literally peed myself laughing.
I'm so sick of the beginning of the sentance. 

No one is a genre of music. 

End of story.
Anyone into writing novels/short stories/narratives??

if so tell tell??

tell tell bout story??

u planning??

how i organize a story?? 

wat ya interests??
fav genre??

xD xD xD xD xD xD xD

tell tell tell tell tell??

mayb post prologues...epilogues...blurbs etc?? (if its novel)
or if it a short story...mayb post it??

 tell tell tell! 
Just talk about anything I'm bored out of my mind right now ._.
Can emos crochet?(
I don't see why not. I do.
why not ?
i say do what ever you want to there is nothing wrong with it
I nominate this for most pointless 'is this emo?' question of the year.
Just because your emo doesn't mean that you have restrictions on what you can and can't do.
oh my gosh. i cant even answer this.  ._.
					
					

Sure, emos are in the human species, they got the whole opposable thumb thing going on..... You people have thumbs okay! I don't know if you SHOULD have thumbs... lack of thumbs would mean you can't hold a razor blade carefully enough but...  Where was I? Oh yeah crochet if you want to you have thumbs!
Sure, emos are in the human species, they got the whole opposable thumb thing going on..... You people have thumbs okay! I don't know if you SHOULD have thumbs... lack of thumbs would mean you can't hold a razor blade carefully enough but...  Where was I? Oh yeah crochet if you want to you have thumbs!Your an idiot.I'm sorry but its the truth. I understand randomness, but thats not what that was.also just because someone discribes themselves as emo doesn't mean they cut.
Excuse me for offending your head-up-the-ass set of values. Sorry fella, I'm not a tampon, go bleed somewhere else.
When did my values come into play? Were did bleeding come to play?

Oh by the way you never denied that your an idiot. Also I wasn't offended. I just hate people who are stupid just for the fact that they can be.
Excuse me for offending your head-up-the-ass set of values. Sorry fella, I'm not a tampon, go bleed somewhere else.one of the most hypocritical things i have ever read. ever.
i crochet :3 it takes skill and talent
Well I agree with *EvilActivity* tht all Emos suffer & cut themselves bt I also agree with *CrimsonSpade57* the opposite, & 'bout the crochet, everyone can do what they want to, & not just because we are emos or rock lovers we don't love or do what's opposite... I'm emo bt my hare is not like the most of yours bt my heart is broken enough tht in the future I just think 'bout direct suicide & not only cuttin' skin...  anyway love U all emos.
Well I agree with *EvilActivity* tht all Emos suffer & cut themselves bt I also agree with *CrimsonSpade57* the opposite, & 'bout the crochet, everyone can do what they want to, & not just because we are emos or rock lovers we don't love or do what's opposite... I'm emo bt my hare is not like the most of yours bt my heart is broken enough tht in the future I just think 'bout direct suicide & not only cuttin' skin...  anyway love U all emos.See thats the kind of thinking that makes people think that all emos are suicidal freaks who cut themselves and are depressed by everything. It is true that a good majority of emo cut, I did, but NOT all of us. But we're not all suicidal(I've never been, and my freinds have never been).Also I don't want the love of someone who is as ignorant as you.
Hypocritical hah.... I'd have taken a midol and gotten over by now. The massive majority of emos cut it's a sad factor of thier generic life. It's not ignorance it's fact. They like it, they need to do it, hell, they put advice columns all over the net on how to do it properly. And then those who don't cut, WISH they could.
I tottaly agree with U evilactivity  oh and Crimson I'm not ignorant

Gotta love duncan and all his memes LOL
Hypocritical hah.... I'd have taken a midol and gotten over by now. The massive majority of emos cut it's a sad factor of thier generic life. It's not ignorance it's fact. They like it, they need to do it, hell, they put advice columns all over the net on how to do it properly. And then those who don't cut, WISH they could.Why is a 25 year old woman thats as smart as you clame to be. I ask because your obviously not emo, and your an ignorant fool.You don't understand the reasons why people(not all cutters are emo) cut themselves at all. Emos do NOT have generic lives, most are or have been abused(whither physicaly, sexualy, or mentaly) causeing there depression and/or cutting(NOTE: I am NOT saying all emos are depressed or cut).Your an inmature young woman who thinks she's so smart, and to prove how smart you are you come on sites like this (full of what you think are depressed kids who cut themselves) and throw around your "Knowledge" to prove how much smarter than every body else you are(Because you can't do that with real adults, and also why you have know true freinds). Yet when your confronted or proven wrong you prove how inmature you really are, and when you do that you prove how stupid you truely are too. In truth you your know better than a toddler with a highschool diploma(IF you even have one)So I feel sorry for you because you'll never make it in this world or be able to have true freind untell you realize that your not as smart as you think you are.
Just because your emo doesn't mean that you have restrictions on what you can and can't do. What "restrictions on what you can and can't do? Everyone has them it's the law, You are fat
Common sence tells you that your not exempt from the law, but no your to stupid to see that.
I'll rephrase that for you so you can actually understand it.
Just because your emo doesn't mean you have any other restrictions on what you can and can't do other than the law.
Also my weight has nothing to do with this coversation, so I'll kindly ask you to stay on topic with the debate or more preferably the subjet of this thread.
i dont see why not...you can do wateva u want c:
yes we can. 
where do you think I get my smexy animal hatss.
R u serious??????? That is the silliest question I've ever heard... if it's what you want to do go wild!!
Anyone here friendly that we can talk?
Hey c:
Hai there :3 

WElcome to EMoPuddle xD

My name is Amii (As far as you shall know) Call me Okamii if you'd like

THIS IS MY 3000TH POST WOOH
alright ill call you okami i like it heehee what about the other one?
I'm Alexia 
You can call me Lexy or Lex :3
Lexi haha i like it to lol im Axel nice to meet you
Hehee. I like your name Axel. 
Nice to meet you too 
HAI DERREEE! i ish jessica but jessy or jessness will do fine ^^ 
btw welcome to EP!!
Hi I'm Lindsey c:
Nice to meet you.
Went clubbing sometime last week and met a guy who i really liked.
Got to know eachother as the night went on.
Then we both told eachother that we really liked eachother during the whole night and we kissed so much. His kisses made the world look more brighter than before.
Went home together but no sex and he dropped me home in the morning.  When i was with him he made me feel safe, grown up and life.
Now i can't stop thinking about him.
Not sure about telling him about how much i really like him.
What should i do?
Btw I have never slept with a another guy before. 
Only been in one realtionship that lasted for 3 years. 
Only had sex with one guy. 
Sorry forgot to tell ya that before.
If you are thinking about relationship, do not move to fast... get to know him first.. you deserve to have a wonderful guy..
I would sleep with the guy... = u= But that's because I'm a slut.
I would sleep with the guy... = u= But that's because I'm a slut.Lol .I think it'd be a good idea to get to know him a little better .You know, just in case he's some creepy rape man or somethingThat's just my opinion though .have sex if you leik .
Any of you want kids?

I DO NOT want any kids .
no kids will ever be coming from my pussy.....k (:
hahah lol 
i dont really want kids but I really want to be a Surrogate Mother.
This thread is going to make me sad.
It'll start by 13 year olds posting they want kids.
Then it will turn into pregnancy stories and how parents suck for not allowing children -.-
I read that the show on TLC "Here comes honey boo boo" migth get cancelled. I do watch the show, I'm a fan yes, I'm fully aware that people have the speculations that this reality family is hill billy trailer trash and shouldn't be on tv. I personally think thats a load of bullshit from small minded people. I'm personally not gonna curcify this family for being fat or living an unconventional lifestyle outside of the norm. It was nice to see a family that wasn't currupted by technology and material fixations like cars and computers. They seemed please with who they are and they where honest about it. No smoke and mirrors, no hollywood polished molding.

Even if people think Honey boo boo is ugly, well why does the media need to seek more perfect t.v, magazine models? Don't they make us feel shitty about ourselves in comparison? Don't you ever want to punch that really spoiled jobless bitch from "Sweet 16" that goes psychotic and swears that her mother is a fucking stupid bitch if she doesn't get that expensive model car she wants on top of that 70 thousand dollar birthday party her parents gave her? Pfft Honey boo boo's mama goes out of her way clipping coupons and dumpster diving so her baby could have a decent pageant dress which is why they now have a reality show. Thats loving parenting right there.

People also say that the child is not very well behaved, She is but a child you know... Nobodys child is a perfect angel, stealing cookies, drawing on the walls with markers and having tantrums at the toy department at a walmart...It's just in a child's nature regraudless of how they are raised. People shouldn't be so judgemental, You got your Jersey whores, your Kratrashians, The dumb as fuck bad girls club... do we as viewers really need to be so damn pissy when theres a show about an ACTUAL child behaving as a child should?

They took my Derpy hooves now they gonna take my Honey Boo Boo too. I hate it.... TT.TT
This problem could be solved by ending the grasp reality television has on us and turning it off.
No no no no.... I'm not addicted to reality tv.... except animal planet... and discovery.... and the food network.... travel channel... maybe a little paranormal investigations ... and criminal documentaries.... uh... These thing probably don't even count as reality Television. I'm off the hook.....I'm gonna take everything i love and spawn mah own reality show!


I love weird people... Cheese... Pandas.... Hotguys
HOT!!

So, this is a game me and my sister used to play a lot. DO NOT read or participate if you are A: hungry B: starving C: too lazy to get food and D: all of thee above

So here's how the game works, you list your ideal breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert, it's not limited to anything you have in your house, anything where you live, not even anything on this planet (although that's pretty weird but if you wanna eat moon rocks then hey, that's' your thing) 

You must include the meal of course, along with a beverage and you can not eat or drink the same thing twice. So, for example:

If i could have any breakfast, i would have two sunny side up eggs with crispy edges, four pieces of sausage, two pieces of bacon, a slice of butter toast cut diagonally with two Eggo waffles with butter and syrup neatly in the middle. And for my breakfast beverage i would have a mango milkshake.

If i could have any lunch, i would have Japanese curry, the way they make it, a small salad with cherry tomatoes and my beverage of choice would be sparkling apple cider

If i could have any dinner -rubs hands together- it would be..a beautiful, beautiful steamy French dip sandwich with melted cheese and savory au jus sauce on the side. There would be delicious crispy fries perfectly seasoned and to accompany it. My beverage of choice would be a strawberry pineapple smoothie from orange julius.

If i could have any dessert, i would have a delectable apple crisp with a warm, thick and sweet apple center and a dollop of Vanilla ice cream on the top.

So its your turn now, lemme hear what ya got ^ ^
LolI suck. I'M HUNGRY D:

If I could have ANYTHING for breakfast, I'd have Boston Cheesecake pancake (vegan safe) with blueberries, toast and hot chocolate

For lunch, a mushroom burger with (vegan) swiss cheese, ketchup and some stuffed mushrooms and potato chips, with some soda (SO UNHEALTHY D: )

Dinner, vermecilli C: With a shitload of garlic. 

And for dessert, 

Shit. 

I don't know.
LolI suck. I'M HUNGRY D:If I could have ANYTHING for breakfast, I'd have Boston Cheesecake pancake (vegan safe) with blueberries, toast and hot chocolateFor lunch, a mushroom burger with (vegan) swiss cheese, ketchup and some stuffed mushrooms and potato chips, with some soda (SO UNHEALTHY D: )Dinner, vermecilli C: With a shitload of garlic.And for dessert,Shit.I don't know.See, i like this game because when i read cheesecake i'm like "why didn't i think of that ?"
i hav a problem... l8ly ive just wanted to talk with a guy ive known 4 a while. ~i guess im attached~ So i did a bit and now two of my friends wont stop teasing me bout it and they think i like him. I DO NOT. He's an ass. what do i do? i barely hav time to talk with him(so my friends dont know) and he kinda hates me. ???? help
Just tell them flat out. I don't like him. You can't make them believe something they don't want to, Although you can attempt to persuade them not to believe that.
why do you want to talk with him if he is an ass and you don't like him?
Silent does have a good question but let them think what they want it's your life not theirs
You just get a piece of paper and doodle the name of some other boy on that sheet of paper with little hearts and flowers and such  (does'nt have to be a real person you know.)  and pretend to drop it by accident and when they look at it pretend to be embaressed. They will assume you like some one else from a different school so they can't get on your case about it or hint to this pretend guy that you have a crush on him but they will go crazy trying to figure out how to even find him and obssess about him because they have no respect at all for your personal space.
Just tell your friends you don't like him
And if they refuse to listen, they'll learn eventually
Because obviously if the guy's an ass, you're not going to talk to him anymore .
Why sleep?...you are only 48 more hours away from the halusinations ... believe me...it gets intense then.
					
					

-.- I had that problem.
You could try sleepy pills?
Or counting what you like?
Counting backwards from 100?
Warm milk?
Nah I would rather live with the sleep diprivation. Some of the things you see can be a bit disturding but you can sleep when your dead that's how I see it plus I love the night with all it's mysteriousness and enchantment I would rather sleep during the day but with school and all you know lolz
Sleep is rare and precious, don't mess with it kids. I don't like the idea of having to take pills. I slept eventually. He kept me up till like... 6/7am and I got up at 10. But we lay around all morning on my bed being chilled so I'm feeling kind of ok.. seriously need some napping before work tonight but whatever.
I wanna know the stupidest word you have ever made up. Like me and my frlends we made up returadle. it means your a retard and a turtle. Lolz let me know what it is plz
Mee n my friend made up stutarted lol it means stupid and reterted....n we also made up returd lol its a less offensive way to say stupid shit...
That's pretty cool. My friend Stef uses the word shibang alot. lolz I think that's how you spell it
Pevanna: penis and a vagina 
Penny: penis
Vanna: vagina
Triship: three people relationship
Ummmmalicious: so confused that you dont know what to say. 
Springles: single pringle or just single.
Shwingo
that's pretty cool sounding Negllex but what does Shwingo stand for, Emojoint?
anataeiphobia o.o or something like that
lolziez...

afternoonies looney tuneies
I got nothing stupid, for all my words are awesomishtic.
Hmmmm well what is one of these  "Awesomishtic" words lolz
					
					

Everyone should be allowed weapons.
Ev
er
y
one.
The idiotic alter egos are to fuck with your mind.
Yeah.. I totally was mind fucked when I saw the dramatic change in Father Able anyways....

My general reaction going into the series....

"Oh hey that dude is so weird and flamboyant... who takes him seriously"

"Hey... what the fuck is that...??"

"well she's only there because she has big tits... Obviously"

"who the fuck is this idiot?"

"Woah chill the fuck out it's just a sandwich..."


"ha! awesome rapeface!"

"Run! Fucking run!"

"Ohhh hey there sexy...."

*Drool....*

*Drool....*

"I don't understand anything anymore...."
Elfin Lied episode 1 reaction.

"Hoshit that chick is badass."
"Hoshit, more baddassery up in here."
"Hoshit."
"Hoshit."
"Oh god. The guy that's gonna go up to her is so dead."
"How come she's not killing him."
"What's wrong with her."
"What the hell does nyu mean."
"Is that some kind of defense tactic? Acting retardedly retarded?"

Story of life.
That is close to what I was thinking too. There is something seriously wrong with nyu/lucy but there was all this other depressing shit that was far worse so I guess her dumbness wasn't the worst thing to happen.

The little sister was sliced in half on a train,
All the painful experimentation
The runaway with the puppy was molested by her step father and her mother didn't take sides with her.
The puppy that was beaten to death....
The little mutant child in the wheelchair died in a suicide blast just when she reunited with her father...

It's so damn depressing.... theres nothing in this series that I will not complain about.
Does anyone dress up for Halloween ? And what do you do on Halloween ?

Parties ? Trick or treating ? Haunted Houses ? Passing out candy ?
I dress up.... I'm gonna be a gothic punk ish emo kitty. Lol. And I am so going trick or treating... My mom eats all my candy.... On halloween the candy is mine! Lol
I dress up most of the time. Going to be Alice this year n.n What I do that I HIGHLY recommend is on Halloween go to the Mall in the day time then go to your house, drop off your loot, then go in the neighborhood with an empty basket/sack whatever your using. I go to parties before Halloween but I don't usually host them. Now on Haunted Houses.. HELL YES! Phobia is a pretty creepy place to go. I hate and love at the same time  when they run after you xD
Run after you ? O.O I just died.
Hell Yes ! I make every single one of my costumes and i never repeat the same character twice. Like last year i was the sickest tripped out Jack-o-Lantern, but that means i can never be a jack-o-lantern again. This year ima be a ghost ! i drew it out and the sewing portion is in process. The hood is my favorite part. But first things first, gotta go to fright fest, come back in just enough time to trick or treat, go to freak night, go to the freak night after party, start day two. Day two, zombie paintball, come back to do the intense run-for-your-fucking-life corn maze, kick it at the Halloween party and then chill. After chilling ? i count up my candy loot oh yus : ) This is the schedule for me every Halloween and i follow it religiously.
we dont celebrate Halloween here 
mega sadface...i soo wish Australia did .
I don't celebrate halloween, its childish but slutty at the same time.
www.jerseysnflnikesale.com This is the reason that her hand, I am sorry, Rafael aiming gradually rocks can the sky,and next said,going to be the hotelGong's family wedding concerning going to be the a century The Insider large being exposed!Bar a toddler travelled up into going to be the branches when Phoenix!Gong Yunshan kidnapped,going to be the happiness bar babies for more information regarding worry about and therefore for additional details on marry her great!Wind Lianqu laugh going to be the sea face undisciplined be on the lookout in your more then one hand and always keep back going to be the Love Qin left wrist forced her out partying regarding going to be the wedding venueShe came to the conclusion to learn more about assist going to be the search a few of the in the context of a toddler!Night,a lot more and a good deal more deep cnwwwPorphyrin of up to Fruit wines almost chucked up back and forth from her elegant mouth choking an all in one using the smell at the normal she can among the more be sad too drastic cough, cough crimson face cheap jerseys The wind engine woo almost deadly most dangerous reason not to explore bow for more information regarding going to be the immortal,going to be the an all in one a big FY consortium concerning interests has further prized goal having to do with the immortal,going to be the vast majority about enterprises have more too fear of right and wrong,easiest way several unique not only can they go out and buy many of these having to do with their account,single purpose going to be the wind engine Yu made clear forward for more information regarding not buyWoman subconsciously enclosed his with what they see his fingertips tease fondle at off her against your skin upward and down flames boiling, that going to be the unknown singular a lesser number of abdomen rapid re-leased going to be the burning she had almost fainted everywhere over the her can not be of assistance but uttered an all in one insidious calling relating to chickens chirping,going to be the top came a multi functional barge relating to muffled muffled,followed judging by a multi function heavy whine steeply the stress all around the her do you experience feeling -She made a unforeseen opened its doors his with what they see and was able to find that had just kissed her man could be the don't you think a substantial down everywhere in the her slightly like an all in one tragedy with your head not sure consciousness laterHe likes the taste regarding her! Used for more information regarding that taste as if some time ago  Siu Chun pure stared at kale along with a evening before the body parts and land climbed out having to do with bed and into his arms,without fortification of going to be the small head lean everywhere in the his shouldercn ***The afternoon, Luzi Rong came Delicate floor started to enter treatmentThis ach and every strange,do not forget that also allowing an individual his personal feelings, including,along with example, said that she had hurt him a multi functional couple of minutes about self-respect to do with some guy,has to be that a multi functional not too much,that person afraid to ownThe spend some time researching about a new brand new ones,going to be the window tends to be that a multi functional in every state chop regarding going to be the sky,your family can hear going to be the sound about,all your family members can also schedule an appointment with the good night Wanjiadenghuo the scene; ancient place,the window is most likely the entire surface having to do with going to be the mountains and greenery,an outdoor do nothing more than listen for more information on be capable of getting going to be the earthworms woo family,to try and force honest, Yutong had a multi function chance for more information regarding believe that learning to learn more about get which they can display to learn more about because Yutong every day tired like an all in one dog breed,slightly like a multi function laugh to the floor to educate yourself regarding go to explore bed,rest and daytime frantic finishing too much info online and for that reason going to be the manuscript enchanting some time has been doing rrn no way keep moving and going to be the face regarding one's spend some time researching having to do with the sky can let Yutong writing inspiration unending provides you with the Yutong allows ach and every not too much writing by good night with your middle regarding going to be the good night all around the writing,we can make an appointment with a lot more Yutong baby look at The man's mouth is usually that which can be used to explore eating and drinking, talking and flirting, and Hanying Xi's the way to tongue compensation of one-third having to do with the features are going to want be big event problem entirely also be of assistance you out and about a lot of those idea,will be the good have to settle for not ever miss my hand yo!using the Ah, I know are going to want be called malicious fraud! Which your hard earned dollars That nod Which moron Who fraud which of you?handling raise that your hard earned dollars twenty-eight million usually to put it simply an astronomical on your body his family is not at all it had been are limited to on no account all your family members she or he as part of your put an end to may be the handling investment a resource box Fangjing En Huang Jiahui blown away and offended startle suddenly recovery Rotary on the hand all around the the door, anti-over his one of a kind mouthUnfortunately, someone categorised her in line with the spirits tonight Seems for more information regarding have been using the also quite a few years has been doing in no way relax that!An opening quarter Haruo they hear this man's lung area was a multi function bit weak, Qiruoyousi mission as student nurses she wanted for additional details on hardly ever ask the numerous other side of things where going to be the uncomfortable,but resting throughout the going to be the palm of her mouth too overbearing, she was remember not to the number relating to an effective,he or she has been doing on no account let go cheap nfl jerseys She is not very white, his index finger temporarily across her cheek,rrn no way sore,much in the way a whole lot worse than his skin,awarded with weatheredwent wrong, OK? I and A Yue, Carole childhood allowing an individual play for additional details on large,considerably been ripe to educate yourself regarding barge rancid,how do we may not also I hate kale Well! The kinds of things,you interrupt sighMore and much more outrageous going to college than the average person as part of your United States has an all in one new lucky manyThink of far, really want far, she today tends to be that exactly how Special sentimental because she was his secretary,the player attracted her 'Moon whispered Certainly slightly like his father,but take heart unfortunately, I to put it simply did just do not see his father's looks She clothed all over the animal skins brilliant clothing, hands and an individual revealed in the skins outer showing healthy malt color,going to be the little slap facial features Qingli,organic,white - colored eyes having to do with God elite large eyes staring certainly not by inches going to be the pillage,a multi function wild boar with long fangs,is the reason that if you have been with a tree,violent and dangerous In fact,just going to be the a baby some way quite beautiful,but the point is the fact that stubbornSeats duo abruptly blushed,bowed his head away coldly, Hang all around the until going to be the death,she shall no longer be own a piece of equipment finished, and provides you with the kale for more information about eat,any of these a multi function keep moving is usually that too close then beat her to understand more about death and not only can they don't take going to be the initiative to educate yourself regarding need to panic about thingsThe dwarf containment system everywhere in the go above and beyond about kale sitting all around the going to be the roadside,just faced her directionYan Mo Johnson has do not asked,at the side of Song Mingxi saw her, bayan approached at herAlso sent it is certainly plausible for additional details on going to be the urging this expression really just!three?The blind should fail,completely?Wang Qian Chong under going to be the coach take a few momemts this into the alley this for more information about going to be the a completely new one park wholesale jerseys complained muttered, brothers, rare all your family may be fooled great satisfaction wise master ah! Little fox that will lose the old fox,all of which has to be that taken as well as grantedHe is the fact that exactly easiest way going to be the same thing? Nothing doing? Or bored do you need a group of people for more information about share his passionate? Really strange!their vision hateful ray everywhere over the his face, because he / she said the individual really made her what better way ach eyesoresShe self - confidence kale,self-belief going to be the boss having to do with this coexistence a period of time is not too some way she has been doing not ever understand the way to handle perfect self-assurance at the moment,but take heart go out and buy that this boss has accounted too an all in one ach and every important place in her heart The He touched each all kinds of other nauseated married uselessShen Yan Yan, sitting everywhere in the going to be the double sofa,experienced at going to be the small suites to book bed wardrobe placement there are tables and chairs are good although just do not as going to be the the past were there hundreds Ping mansion,but take heart her mood was ach and every very pleasant Heard this, she Weie,lower your with what they see this saw his chest spring Zhaxian may or may not going to be the water waves Yingran,on no account just the chest,as an example going to be the lace skirt inside the small pants are visible Spanish Moorish-style building,tend to be everywhere over the February 1927,to learn more about take your time about four million U nfl jerseys wholesale Qin Ji days faint gleam and looked at her,comes in contact with if you don't have saying a wordIf beautiful small will speak to,but take heart but you don't she i searched spell and black,going to be the thing was done above the bed presumably usually quite tricky
i love halloween! yea its always fun to dress up. i go out with friends and party all nite  going to a haunted  house this year, yea halloween is my fav holiday. im a halloween freak so i can never it lol
thinking bout being dead red riding hood..n trying to get my bf to be the bad wolf haa
I'm going to be Sally from The Nightmare Before Christmas :3
nice! jack is my fav character! thts a cool idea!
I'm going as sonic the hedgehog. I'm sewing it. Always do  I'm going to do a run for your lives 5k thing where zombies chase you, and then I'm going trick-or-treating at the mall in the day, and in the neighborhood at night. Then I'm going to an award winning haunted asylum in pennsylvania. xD Can't wait. (oh and I'm doing fright night, and the haunted woods.)
					
					

we dont celebrate Halloween here mega sadface...i soo wish Australia did .O.O WHAT!!!!!!!!!?
awwww me jello D: me want to do Halloween!
I'm going as sonic the hedgehog. I'm sewing it. Always do  I'm going to do a run for your lives 5k thing where zombies chase you, and then I'm going trick-or-treating at the mall in the day, and in the neighborhood at night. Then I'm going to an award winning haunted asylum in pennsylvania. xD Can't wait. (oh and I'm doing fright night, and the haunted woods.)Fellow seamstress what what ?? -fist bumps- Way to keep your hallows eve days full ! For sure.
I hide in the bushes with an empty pillowcase
Wait for little children to walk by
Mug the little kids for their candy
Send them on their merry way
Repeat.

What do I dress up as?
A bush.

Do I ever get arrested?
What is arrested.

Do the kids cry?
Of course they do. I give them beer and then they stop.

Where are the kidssss parents?
I killed them hurrr.

That is my Halloween. in a nutshell.
I -want- to go as Nightmare before christmas Sora, from KH2
I like to dress up and go parting.
I am going as a bloody. Maid with a knife.
Tired of being a witch every year.
I am going to freak everyone. Out
At the haunted house party. xD


I attack the spoiled children with silly string in my costume and I don't give them candy. They usually aren't happy about it. they still need to learn the concept of TRICK.... trick is  becoming a dieing art in the tradition of trick or treating -.-
I know I'm gunna get a lot of hate comments from this and maybe some similar people, I'm not sure yet. But does anyone else smoke pot? Especially in high school it gets really prominent and everyone's going to try it at some point. I still keep up with grades, hell I got 100% on my last english assignment xD if you've do/have ever blazed what was your first experience with it and just why you do it and just random comments
This thread does not interest me and I think it contributes nothing to this site.

That is all.
I'm not fully against weed, in moderation it can be ok. However I've seen friends turn in on themselves and become a vegetable, it's sad and annoying.
Also smoking frequently at a young age is very foolish because it can interfere with normal communication between neurons, basically altering the way you think if that's simpler to understand. That's not something you want to fuck about with, that's the brain.

I don't understand the attraction personally. I've smoked it with my friends a few times, but It just makes me feel a bit sleepy and relaxed so I find it's not best for social situations really, as it lessens interaction. I've only ever seriously taken it as a means to help me fall asleep, which I've done maybe three times. I don't smoke it anymore.

tldr; drugs aren't cool
I don't understand the attraction personally. tldr; drugs aren't coolAgreed.
the first tome i smoked pot everything felt like it was a dream like when i woke up the next morning i couldnt believe that i had actually done what i did it was scary but i liked the feeling that it gave me.my big sister got her start smoking pot and now she is dead but that was her fault not Pots she got caught up in more than just pot but i love the feeling that it givezz me, almost like everything is a dream or a movie or tv show ive had all of thozz happen 2 meh
I haven't, and I swear I'm the only person in the world that hasn't. I feel a bit odd around people because like I said, most people have.

Hell, half of the people I've worked with came to work high or hungover.
					
					

I have smoked to...like two three times since i was 13 but everyone was getting all booty hurt about it so i stoped...and i didnt mean forever...i admit pot is nasty and stuff but im not totally against it so....eh
Anyone else planning on going to university/college to try and get a decent pathway for careers??
Nope. Military, Nuclear Technician. Yay. Big red buttons.
No, I went to college but the course was absolute tripe and it was like going back to preschool so I left after a year. English college is different to american college, just saying. Going to university isn't the only thing to do and theres no guarantee that you'll get a career out of it
I am , dont really know what I want to do but... o.O
I'm going to a trade school, but I still hope for college...
Nope. Military, Nuclear Technician. Yay. Big red buttons.oh lolol im thinkin of doing a course in media arts
gotta agree with silky-potato. no college 4 me . i'm about 2 start my classes on becoming a dj, bartender, and tattoo artist.....swimming in careers and licences
id like to be a tattoo artist but its really hard to get into...IT is very popular atm n wanting jobs so ill do the creative side n do advertisement or animation etc....n i might teach myself how to do tattooing myself...d sum research bout it n do it as a hobbie xD
who is it??
well he looks pretty hot in the pic lol but idk who he is...
the name sounds familiar thou xD
Bill Kaulitz is the lead singer off Tokio Hotel, German band.
oh yeah xD
yeah he hot lol
Some people don't like his new hair style but i still love him for him. He puts so much love in his work but i hope he finds his true love.
Hmmm interesting to look at, but doesnt make me melty
Hahaha yeah he hot
i luv his crazy hair!
I don't mind his new hair style but I still love his old hair style.
^ yeah
He's cute, but I LOVE HIS VOICE

Monsoon is my favorite :3333
heehee agreed ^^^
He wants a gf is the last that i heard about him.
So, when I was dating this guy about 2 years ago, he cheated on me with by best friend at the time because I refused to do anything with him. Which resulted in her getting pregnant. She kept the baby and named her after me and asked me to be the God Mother. I was still really pissed but agreed, and thank whatever I agreed because now my old best friend is addicted to drugs and is an alcoholic. She would leave her own child in her crib for HOURS!! I'm talking almost all day. So I got her help and she went to rehab. Now I have custody of her baby. My friend is 16 and im 14. And now apparently a motherly figure. -.- This may or may not be legal but I don't care because at least this kid is getting loved and the attention she needs...
woah O...O
wat bout her parents?? r they even helping wiv anything? ur parents too?
Her dads not in the picture and her mom is what Got her on the wrong path :/ My parents are actually making me pay rent for her. They hate me now because I fell in love with a guy that's mexican and met on the internet so they're really no help. :/
u got any other friends' parents to help u??
ur parents n friend's parents shud really help u n her.... :/
Not really...the baby's father is a total douche, no child support, no "I wanna be there for my kid" none of that. My friends parents pretty much hate me because I was pregnant from rape so I'm already considered the town whore. (didn't have the baby but that's a different story) if there were better foster homes id put the baby up for adoption but around here they hit the kids and just make them feel worthless. I may not be the best person to take care of a 1 year old but I can do better than what my friend was doing...
well its wrong for ur friends parents to hate u just cuz u got preggors wen raped .
Thanks, but if you're raped where I live it's considered the victims fault. And it happened twice so yeah. However, I can't leave her in the crib because she thinks I'm not coming back after her mom did that, so she's sleeping on my lap right now...and I keep putting her diapers on backwards D:
There's no way that social services would give custody of a newborn to a 14 year old, it would go to either the mother/fathers parents/relatives or would be taken into care. 

If you are legitimately looking after someone else baby by yourself I think you should definitely tell social services or at least hand it over to an adult to look after.
You will not be capable of supporting the child and it is unfair both on the baby and yourself. Do the responsible thing. You are 14, looking after someone elses baby isn't and shouldn't be your priority.
Child services weren't contacted. I moved in with her mother but she parties pretty much all night, so I have to watch the baby, but I have the money to do it now. But it's still weird. Her mom is never home and it's like I'm raising my ex boyfriends baby -.-
How do you have the money/time? What about school? If her mom is never home and is constantly getting drunk then she shouldn't be in custody of the child.
I goto online school, and I agree she shouldn't but the thing is around here foster homes are no better, I've been in several and they mostly abuse the children and are fostering for the money from the government, the money I get from her mom but it's not like babysitting money it's enough for food fee her and I and clothes and diapers and shit.
I spent all day baking cookies yesterday for my band meeting tonight and I got my favorite outfit all dirty doing it but when I got home from my best friends party all my cookies were gone someone ate them an now Blaze is going to hate me for not having his cookie:(

I'mma blame the cookie monster!!!!
ommmi gawd 
WHERE DID THEY GOOOO!!!!!!!!
COOKIE MONSTER PARTNERED UP WIV AN EVIL LEPRECAUN!!!
okay people.....Amii says she is ugly when clearly she is not....I told her I would create this page so people could comment on how she is really pretty and cute!!!
Oh my God, I can't believe that you actually made a post.

This is pointless .
hahahah yeah cause you should already know your pretty!!!

and im sorry please dont get mad at me :3
I'm not mad, but I'd defidently be surprised if anyone other then us replied to this.

I still don't think I am, but why does it matter?
Your pretty and cute! DON'T DENY IT!!!
Amazingly cute xD!
haha pw, and ur pwetty amii
I'm not mad, but I'd defidently be surprised if anyone other then us replied to this.I still don't think I am, but why does it matter?Ha other people have replied You are pretty and you need to accept it
Amii darling
you know I think you're beautiful so shush
I love you to death, princess :3
You're not ugly at all.
gorgeous!
Your Beautiful Amii! You gotta accept it! All of us do.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIi!!!!U R PWITTY!!
o_o  what the hell?
ur extremely pretty! blve me, i know how it feels to feel ugly, and blve me when i tell u ur beautiful!
I dug through everything to find this. 

AMII.  

OMG AMII YOU ARE PRETTY AND ALL THE OTHER STUFF PEOPLE SAY LOL

I KNOW I TEND TO THINK POSiTIVLEY BUT I KNOW THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN UGLY AND PRETTY!!! plus ur not only pretty on the outside but on the inside too even though you can be kinda....interresting at times your still awezome
lolz go Katt!! I love ya already!!!! xD

*gives Amii bouquet of beautiful flowers* here flowers just as beautiful as you :3
It's been revived? Why don't you just post links of pics of me? .
well you should!!! lots of people agree with us that you are beautiful/cute/pretty 

Lolz Katt revived it not me so you cant blame me xD

sure great idea Amii  

Hahahaha well Amii if you dont say your beautiful or accept it I will change my name to Ugly Ashy xD
DON'T DO IT

I don't believe it though. Sorry dear
well then I guess its time to change my ep name 

Dont do what? put your pics here? xD
DON'T CHANGE IT

And oh God. You wouldn't.
YOU CHANGED IT .
Amii, you are beautiful, funny and so damn awesome to talk to. You're a great person all round, absolutely gorgeous ok?  NO MORE DENYING IT!
I'm only denying things that I don't believe.
Would I lie to you?
No, but you do express your opinions that may not be the same as mine.
Well I will continue to express them, until you start believing them.
I appreciate everything that everyone has said

I just... Don't believe it.
Like I said, will not stop till you do.
But... But... BUT

I can't like, magically change my mind!
I know... I don't care if it takes like 4 yearrs....!!!
OhGod. 

This is going to be a while
lolz. wow amii. it's official. UR A BEAUTIFUL, posting whor.
I'm really not.
seriously.
					
					

I'm not pretty, beautiful, cute, adorable. 

Not any of that
girl, are you seriously gonna start all this back up again?
Bro. I just respond. I know I probably shouldn't. But I do. 

I'm sorry. I honestly don't think I am. 

Why is this such crime? :C
It should be a crime when someone isn't smart enough to see wats right in front of their face, or more likely, what makes up their face.
Is this a compliment or an argument?
it's a compliment dear.
god my people skills suck.
Lawl, I know, but 

Everyone is trying to force me to believe something that I don't.
i know how that is. my friends have been trying to get me to believe in god for years. i wonder when they'll give up.
Lawl

YOU JUST HELPED ME 

THANK YOU
hahaz. god. I suck at this.
Lawl

I so winning
:3 read my name Amii xD
-.-
ehh you cant complaing . I changed it back.... people kept calling me Amii
LOLOL XDDDDD Good. 

It proves. 

I'm not fucken beautiful. 

I win.
cute
AMII
Why will you miss me? :C
i miss u xD u not on as much
Awwweee ^,^ I'm not coming on much...

But anyways. Thanks everyone for the wonderful things you have said. 

I just wonder how much longer you guys are going to keep this up.
-hugs- forever!!!!!!!
OhGod.
haha i suffocate u wiv hugs xD
This is going to kill me if you guys are going to continue to try to convince me.
Mwhahahaha wuv you Amii 
u r bootful jazzy 
This is never going to end, is it?
Nope never eva cause you fucking beautiful Amii :3
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder

You may think I am, but in my eyes, I am not.
Ugly? Now she be Tripp'in xD She's Talented and Pretty xDD
And I'm not just saying that because I'm her Number one fan... o.O
LolYesYouAre
Amii you're beyond pretty. Now you have me wondering what hope is there for me as an ugly duckling.
I do not know you, but thank you. I'VE COME TO THIS. Everyone shut up and I'll bake them cookies c;
pweety pweety
What savory and sweet food do you think you could live on forever if they had to be the only things you could eat...

I LOVE pasta and fish so theyd be my savory food...
n i LOVE ice cream so that prob be my sweets xD
ICE CREAM!!! X) n cookies n monster....n jelly beans....n sprinkles XD
What?Im not crazy...Sue me, Im pregnant -__- xD
					
					

Tell me the weirdest thing u ever ate that was surprisingly good. Mine is a piece of hershys dark chocolate between 2 pieces of beef jerky^^ Wonderful! 
Wha...xD
I like doritos and salsa.
Not that weird...
FISH FINGERS AND CUSTARD
although i haven't tried it o.o
a burger with choped banana on it o_O
there's this cereal that my dad buys. some honey & nut thing...
yeah, sometimes i put some of it into my fudge pudding cups...
my friends think i'm weird for doing it, but i'm like whatever *shrugs*
tastes good to me.
veggie hot dogs dipped in blueberry yogurt!!!!!!
Applejacks with Nutella and tuna fish with cream cheese.
Cottage cheese and Pineapples ! mmmm so good.
i eat corn pops and those chocolate stars u get for christmas ^^ salty but sweet and very good
i eat corn pops and those chocolate stars u get for christmas ^^ salty but sweet and very good
Tell me the weirdest thing u ever ate that was surprisingly good.Mine is a piece of hershys dark chocolate between 2 pieces of beef jerky^^Wonderful! 
Wow I feel like I wana see this facebook page. XD
Don't know anymore..  Why would anyone post a fake death notice? Why would anyone post a death notice on facebook? Why are Schools churning out illiterate morons at such an incredible rate? Why is this bothering me so much?
Are you going to die of a misspelling overdose, or a grammar embolism?
Evil don't go crazy on me lol I haven't had my therapy yet lolz:P
i love bugs  I name them and hold them and if they bite me i squish them 
WTF okay totally got me creeped out. I am cleaning my room with bleach ugh that's creepy to think about. Now it feels like things are watching me.
it makes me think of those tiny micro creatures that live in our eye lashes.
This is stupid but whatever, if you chould be anything in the world what whould you be?
^wtf that didnt make sense O.o

ummm...id want my appearance to be wat i want it to be...n
be a famous animator and or tattooist...

if i was an animal id b a loner panda
I want to live in the steam punk universe as a pirate.
Did you say you chose forensic anthropology over being a mermaid? You silly:)
Silly is kind of an understatement. I wanted to be a water treatment specialist over anything else but it could'nt happen. Mermaid... water specialist, seems relevant...Mermaids would be really good at that job and be in high demand for such a position. It would have been my last chance, but i'm setting the hopes too high. Silly.. Ha I'm delusional!
What do yu think about yourself??
Weird,Hot,Nice,Cool,Funny,nerd,geek or normal
Try to discover your opinion about your self
strongwilled artistic athelet,  with an awsome evil laugh and when provoked quite dangerouse and scary just ask any of my teacher or the people who hate me
ahhhh a weird artist...
uhm... random and spontaneous... colorful and im kinda geeky OwO i am into japanese stuff so i tend to act overly enthusiastic about any thing and everything xD aaaand... I LOVE RAINBOWSS!
quiet...short
I'm cute but very affectionate.
boring
Cool i love this thread topic because it gives me the chance to be creative with words. I think i'm an artistic ticking time bomb, ready turn an arts and crafts room into a glitter glue, construction paper mess. I think i'm a clusterfuck of a radio station because everything reminds me of a commercial jingle or a song. I'm a trendsetter, a motivator OBVIOUSLY from a planet where milk is the main source of income.
I am...pain I am mean usually hateful
i think i'm the biggest failure on earth
So, I was a'browsin' the olde EP the other night, only to stumble upon this image.I should preface this by saying, I was extremely horny and wanted to get some titties all up in mah face. But sadly, that didn't pan out very well. But I digress.I saw this thumbnail and instantly saw oral sex. Am I the only one who sees this? Am I going crazy?

Hahaha yeah I see it too XD
Zach, you see sex in everything, even kindergarten
me:

?Viva La Gloria? (Little Girl) by Green Day

The Murderer by Alesana

Tip it on my dick or whatever. This black dude showed me it so I guess this is what you get.
yes. this is the one. O.e even tho SuG is a good band and i find takeru incredibly adorable... this song is wierd. xP
This should be in the Music section.And Rainsim. Weird shit man.
pop that pussy 0.0

i was sitting there with my friend and he grabbed the laptop and starting playing that song i was sitting there like wtf 0.0 turn tht shit off x3
Twist by KoRn and the Shinigami Haken Kyoukai No theme from the Kuroshitsuji Musical 2: The Most Beautiful Death In The World 

Love em both, but they are definitely both weird
yes. this is the one. O.e even tho SuG is a good band and i find takeru incredibly adorable... this song is wierd. xPi like that song xDthe PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME song is weird...
I agree with chelza xD
little piece of heaven-avenged sevenfold :3
Nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya NYA NYA NYA NYA NYA NYA NYA NYA
i love little piece of heaven..but it is weird ..
isnt that the 7  minute song with the zombie vid?
the weirdest song ive ever heard is girel
i love little piece of heaven..but it is weird ..isnt that the 7  minute song with the zombie vid? yeah! the first time i watched it i culdnt stop laffing xD love the song though
ummmm oh wow.
Do I have to pick only one?
nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya nya


Im not just talking about anime, tho i love that too. I love ON/OFF and Kawabe Cheiko. I think Mizushima Hiro is the shmexiest guy on earth! I love Maximum the Hormone and Malice Mizer. Anyone else into Japanese pop culture, or knows what im talkin about?
kpop is awsum c:
I love all the japanese shizz bizz, Im not an anime freak though. An cafe though, cutest band ever.
LM.C
the gazettes
beast
SHINee 
G-dragon i think it called
...are pree cool c:
Love the whole Japanese Pop Culture!!!!!!!!
Uhh... Slightly lost
how so Amii?
it coolies xD
i like jpop and  kpop. i get teased about it though cause i dont speak that language
An cafe best
i like jpop and  kpop. i get teased about it though cause i dont speak that language my parents dont kno why i listen to kpop...they think its weird cuz i dnt understand wat theyre saying
omg thats my mom. -.- 
i just be like 'its not like i cant look it up'
lolz yep know whatcha both mean ^
my mum thinks it stupid cause dont know what they saying and Im like yeah I do thats why they have google xD
agreed hmm
OMG I love Malice Mizer! O_O And Gackt and Hyde and Dir en Grey, Versailles, The Pillows, Antic Cafe - So much Japanese awesomeness!
lolz
agreed hmmlol u sed it again
Uhhh... There's only one thing from Japan that I listen to. 

SaTaN
I like jpop & kpop. I even learned Korean for that reason xD
... Lost again...
u shud listen to LM.C....plus they look amazing n adorable!
Linksssss
go on youtube...
BUT I'M SO LAZY D;
youv seen them already anyway, i made a thread
heres a fun fact! all music in japan, be it hardcore headbanging stuff or that cutesy pop, whatever it is its called j-pop, cuz it stands for japanese popular music. yay we're learning! AND I HAVE LEARNED HOW TO READ IN HIRAGANA AND KATAKANA BUT NOT KANJI YET.

And also i LOVE DIR EN GREY AND I HAVE ALL THEIR SONGS AND STUFF!!

go japan! ^^b
id like to go to japan xD
I love Japanese music, anime, movies, culture... everything. They`re completely different.
Just look at their fashion.. visual kei.... I love it.. them..
Learning Japanese in manga club! I love it all, the language, music, anime, manga, manwha, lolita, visual kei, all of it!
we dont really hav clubs at my skool...
For me the first thing that comes to mind pop culture wise is sushi erasers and pocky.... and those skinny ass Japaness dudes that come to america every 3 years to kick our ass in the hot dog eating tournaments, I don't fucking know why... do they not have thier own hot dog eating division in japan?
So I just recently figured out that I have the same birthday as Stephen King. What I don't understand is... HOW DID IT TAKE ME THIS LONG?!?! He's one of my all time favorite authors, and I was oblivious of our identical birthdays for 16 years...wow. Anyway, carry on with your day, little bats. ~Lyn-Z 
Hey! Want get for free the X-Rumer 7.5.31 Elite 
Or maybe for payment. Anybody sell? I can pay via LibertyReserve... 

Hope for answer
Steven king... My man. We should celebrate him every year... maybe then the fanpires will take notice! Fucking twilight, setting the feminist movement back 20 years... Steven you get back on that shit right now and write something! Something must be done! Though I don't want Hollowood to remake his classics like Cujo and thinner... We may as well wait till he dies to get the outmost recognition.
Anypony here fans of the Rainbow Factory fanfic?
I don't know what that is... o_O
What is it?
I prefer my little dashie, but thats just me.
No, but i'm addicted to the rainbow factory song.
What is it?It is a fanfiction about Scootaloo and her friends taking their flying exams, that's all im gonna say bout it
Hmm...
Rofl. A nomination for must obscene person on ep can't be too far off.

Limbugah! Why you jizz in your pants like a disgruntled peanut.....?
Rofl. A nomination for must obscene person on ep can't be too far off.XXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDLMFAO
I really like having interesting exchanges with other people. I have learned so much from them especially if I do not share the same views with the people I am conversing with. In general, the types of conversations I get are Scholastic, Splattered, and Ridiculous ones.I am always taken by surprise by these conversations. Haha. I engage on this kind whenever I have to kill a dragging free time. I will never get tired of exchanges. I hope to have more interesting ones soon.
Um, yeah... hullo. (*whispers* if i do something stupid, plz forgive me cuz im new to writing forums.) Anyways, if ur secretly at ur bf's house and no 1 is there except for you and him, and u 2 r watching a movie and he sais he's gunna go to the bathroom real quick, instead he seems to take a while, so u go to where the bathroom room is and see that the door is kinda open and u push it all the way open and find ur bf standing in front of the mirror and putting his mom's red lipstick on, what do you do? (and you know for a fact that he is 100% straight) (sorry if ur gay, its not that i dont like gays -i have gay and bi friends- just that i just thought of this question.) So yea... I would have gone up to him and kissed  him... awkward derp. ._. Really awkward.
O_____O
ums thats weird...maybe he wants to kiss you wiv lipstick on??
I don't see the relevance of him being '100% straight'. This is clearly an issue linked to his identity, not his sexuality. Perhaps it was meant for a joke, or perhaps he has an interest in cross-dressing and becoming more effeminate. It's really hard to tell anything from the information you've given but I think the majority of people would be sufficiently weirded out by that and keep their distance. I know I would be.
Umm O.o maybe back away slowly and then maybe get out??
O.o weird....
He may not be 100 % straight. And that is kind of awkward but my ex did it all the time but when he did he would come out and show me just to be silly.
let him do what he wants imo.
Tell him to get the black lipstick, and the black nail polish, eyeliner...  I heard it's okay and solcially exceptable if it's black.
well, i did say this was awkward. ._.
well, i did say this was awkward. ._.
You could always ask him what HE thinks. I mean thats what being a good and accepting girlfriend is. Asking first before asking a source you're not familiar.  with. I don't really think anyone else's reasons or opinions matter but his own. I hope the criticism you're getting wont make you consider leaving him. If my boyfriend had a flaw I would hope it was putting on lipstick.

Theres just a number of things that could be wrong with a boyfriend like he is cheatings or beating the hell out of his girlfriend or an abusive alcoholic or an STD infested a-hole.... I don't think putting on lipstick is the worse thing out there. We don't know what he is feeling. Anything we probably say about him as a person is not relavent  we are not him. So you need to go ask him.
I would back away very slowly and when he returned to the movie act as if I hadn't seen anything. I would judge until I knew for sure what he did it for. Knowing my boy friend he would put red lip stick on just to chase me around the house and smear it all over my face so yeah If he really wanted you to know he would have put it on infront of you
I saw these videos in my Advanced Science and Technology class and I thought they were awesome, so I'm sharing them with you!  They are very shocking and surprising. Watch them all- especially the last one because that one explains them. 

1.
Are there any Killjoys here on EP? If so, please comment. Let the MCRmy grow.   -Lyn-Z 
Wait, what?
wha??? confuzzled
OOOOOHHHH

For My Chem. 

No.
I'm a proud killjoy.
I don't know why D: I don't get bullied or anything. Well I start school the day after tomorrow and it's made me really depressed I've barely talked to anyone in person, left my bed, eaten or slept for the past couple of days :'( For some reason I feel like my life is over. This sounds extremely dramatic but I don't know what's wrong with me! D: halp!
is it a new skool??
maybee ur just overwhelmed
is it a new skool??maybee ur just overwhelmedprobably..
Trust me, you're not the only one and it's not abnormal for school to make you feel that way.

It's because you're forced into a place overrun with other people your age, you're forced to learn, the lessons aren't interesting, the teachers have been doing it for ages and they've lost their love for the practice so they're severely bored,depressed or both.

Aside from that, all the kids are going through their teen years which is one of the messiest periods of your life, so there will be all these different vibes you'll be absorbing off people, some good-some not good, and it's pretty overwhelming and confusing, aside from the fact that you'll be going through a lot of stuff yourself.

I think it's horrible how they take the fun out of learning, I was lucky to have realised how awful the situation is, and I was extremely lucky to have one or two teachers that were also disgusted at the system and did their best to survive it.

I can't think of much advice to give you, stay away from shit people, do your best to find interest in your work, remember that they can only force you to go there for a few years of your life, and maybe if you're one of the lucky ones you can convince your parents to let you be home-educated, or go to a better school.

Quietly rebel.
I feel the same way and I feel it because my school is full of preps (not trying to be a labeler but..) and they make the people like me at my school feel really bad about themselfs. i have learned to hide my true feelings and emotions but I can tell you that if you go to a new school thats probably it or if your not used to it, you may feel that way thats how it was for me .... i hope I helped
I can't figure out how..:c
at the top of the page theres the sign out thing next to ur username
OHH i see it I couldn't see it before because my computer screen is too small to fit it all in  oopsies.
haha lol
Which 1 would u choose Facebook or twitter the war starts NOW!
neva been on facebook so i dont care bout it...i luv twitter xD
I vote tumblr
facebook though im starting to get bored with it
tumblr
I vote facebook only because I don't have a twitter.
tweet tweet
both are shit!
twitter not :/
I chose twitter. To me, Facebook sucks some serious ass.
They both suck so it really doesn't matter lol
tumblr okes :/
Ok we all know that cookies are AWESOMEbut what is the awesomest cookie
a thousand double choc chip xD
fudge brownie chocolate chip cookie!!!!
Ur picture is scaring me O.o
her name is Sanguis and she's a vamp. I hope I get her!
Im probably gonna get nightmares,
Now Im afraid of dolls even more!!
I LOVE THEM!!
i dont have any but i really want sum...i love the ones where you get two in them c:
i saw a really cool one n it was a evil nurse n doctor xD
i luv the vapire ones too .
I LOVE THEM!!i dont have any but i really want sum...i love the ones where you get two in them c:i saw a really cool one n it was a evil nurse n doctor xDi luv the vapire ones too .Omg!!!!!!! I feel like I just wrote that message!!!!!! O.o I know right?!?! Why they so expensive ;'(
well here theyre like $60-$70 for one...n ov cors that wud like double wen u get the twins...
creepy, but cute.. from where I live it's around $200-300 =P
oh expensive...but the currency wud b different thou...
I saw some on ebay for like $30-$200
I don't really trust eBay or buying stuff on the internet.. If only my mom would atleast let me have one of the doll _
I saw some on ebay for like $30-$200oh mee gonna go hav a look xD
OH WOW I WANT THE ALICE IN WONDERLAND SERIES!!
they look so cool
I WANT ONE!~!!!!!! I DONT CARE I WANT ONE xD  I would love one haha :3
i walked into a cd store and they had the dolls for about 25 bucks...the price didnt change if they were twins. the thiing that pissed me off was that they were right next to the one direction and beiber merch DX
whaaaaaaaaaaaa I want one
i saw a really cool black angel one on ebay for $400
I just made an account on here so not sure what to do but hey, sorry if I am butting in your anything 
i want one..... there aswome
The hell? ;D
lolz I WANT A LIVING DEAD DOLL!!!!!!
i completely forgot about them wen i had $220 on the weekend shopping spre .
D:
ohhhhh grrrr god damnit!!!!
i found some of them in a music store...but they were right next to the one dorection and beiber merch *shudders* v.v
haha lol
O.O
why next to 1D n JB....tsk tsk tsk wrong wrong
i flipped shit XDD
hahaha xD
lolz chelza I might get you a mini one for christmas xD if you behave ;D   jk
					
					

I always behave thou lol xD
i found some of them in a music store...but they were right next to the one dorection and beiber merch *shudders* v.vwhat?! one direction and bieber dont deserve to be next to such awesomeness!!!!
ugfh I want one sooooo badly
i saw sum at a comic store xD
they were cheaper there too!
what?! one direction and bieber dont deserve to be next to such awesomeness!!!!I KNOW!!!
^hahaha
Agreed hm
Those are soooooooooooooo cute!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha, i love moths. It just upsets me when they fly in my face, don't like having my space invaded
Wah ..?
i had a huge one on the side of my head n it scared the crap out of me!
im oke as long at they rnt on me lol...
BUT I WANT A PET SILK MOTH!
I was in the top bunk of my bunk-bed when worms and snakes started appearing on my window. A couple worms were on my bed soon after. I played with them and when I looked back up at the window, I saw what I thought was an enormous snake! But, it had an iguana-like face. I tried to find my I-Pod and my MP3 but failed. So I just continued to watch the strange beast. When it moved out of sight, I ran downstairs super fast. In my kitchen, on the stove, was a random video recorder, but I decided against taking it because I had no clue how to use it. I got outside, to the porch, and found my mother's husband standing there with a few others. I race around to the side of the house. I then asked if anyone else had seen the iguana-faced beast. Dennis, my mother's husband, said that he saw it and had yelled to everyone else about it. He called it a "Pheonix". I turned slightly and saw, on a high and far away tree branch, sat another beast. This beast had wings. (I believe it was a pterodactyl.) I recorded it with my I-Pod that I somehow got a hold of when earlier I couldn't find it. It came swooping down towards me and when it hit the ground it attacked me! It was biting my legs and lower body like there was no tomorrow! I kept holding my I-Pod up and pointed down at the beast. I screamed for help many times, but even though everyone there was in a close enough proximity to help me, no one did. A huge, pink, doghouse-like building randomly materializes and in it are two people. The building was enough to distract the flying-beast and I was saved. The people that could have saved me walked over and the dream just... ended.


o_O Insane, right?????? This was the dream I had this morning. What a great way to start the day, isn't it? XD
					
					

lol that was weird n random O_____o
i hardly eva hav dreams now...mega sadface
i dont dream...but when i do, its of gummy bears and flying people c:
wen i dream its normally bout skool .
lolz my dreams soo weird xD that is when I can remember them o.o
My dreams seem to suck...
lol uhm... 

Okay then
lol that was weird n random O_____oi hardly eva hav dreams now...mega sadface My bro is the same. He used to have insane dreams but he has like no dreams anymore.
i dont dream...but when i do, its of gummy bears and flying people c:How bout... Flying Gummy People?? =D
last night i dreamnt that my friend got punched in the face O__o
that did happen once o-o like everybody was a gummy bear and they were flying all over the place flipping shit
Whoa
crazy tasty candy ._.
haha id eat them xD
that did happen once o-o like everybody was a gummy bear and they were flying all over the place flipping shitCOOLS
haha id eat them xDNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DON'T EAT ME! T_T
hahaha xD
NO CANNIBALISM

It's not nice 3;
i shall eat everyone still xD
NO. I WILL NOT STAND FOR THIS! *sits down* "Alright, carry on."
YOU CANT HANDLE THE CHOCHLATE!! XD
OH YES I CAN!!!!!!!!!
Mmmmm... chocolate.I'M A CHOCOLATE MONSTER! 
REALLY!!!!???Can i eat u up???????NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
REALLY!!!!???Can i eat u up???????NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!NEVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS I SHALL EAT U!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOU'RE GONNA EAT ME?? OH IT IS ON!!!-noms on your face-
wow this got slightly off topic didn't it?
I WILL EAT U WHILE YOURE SLEEPING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!MWAHAHAHAHAHAH XD
wow this got slightly off topic didn't it?yes. yes it did.I WILL EAT U WHILE YOURE SLEEPING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!MWAHAHAHAHAHAH XDits not creepy that you know where i live .__.
I WILL EAT U WHILE YOURE SLEEPING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!MWAHAHAHAHAHAH XDHAAAAAAAHAAAAAHAHAHAHAHA YEAH, RIGHT! GOOD LUCK WITH THAT! YOU KNOW WHY? I DON'T SLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP! SO, HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
ILL MAKE YOU SLEEP!!!! THEN I WILL KILL YOU! HAHA
o_Oatleast it'll be peaceful... :/ T_T MY FELLOW MONSTERS WILL AVENGE MY MURDER!!!!!!!


i cant die thou cuz ima vamp lolziez
how'd this get from dreams to cannabalism? O-O
i cant die thou cuz ima vamp lolziez BEHEADING!!!!! DUH!!! OR THEY'LL GET THE COLT AND SHOOT YOU WITH IT!!!!


how'd this get from dreams to cannabalism? O-OShe dreams of cannibalism.
ohh lol since wen?? ^
i think it started by me eating gummy bears O.o idk lol
^ lawlz XD!


^ i say that all the time XDD
ohh lololol xD
^ i say that all the time XDD XD
What exatly is a nerd? One  of my besties says we ( as in us and our friends) are nerds and she used to say we where geeks. But I just dont know what either of the two mean!

Yes, I am aware it's just a stereotype, but I still wannna know.

Does she say that cuz I have bracers and glasses? My friends and I all have glasses...and like anime, books and video games...I heard that has to do with it?! I really dunno.

whats a nerd?

whats a geek?
People use to call me a nerd throughout elementary school, it just means that your too smart -.-
And a geek is something that u know everything about something idk

um...i say nerds r people who r smart
n geeks r people who hav crazy obsessions eg. game geek
idk thats kinda wat i think :/
I agree with chelsea.
I kind of agree with your theory chels but not your example.

Nerds are people with 'nerdy tastes', which is often the intellectual topics or sci-fi. So being into star wars? Nerdy. being a Gamer? Nerdy. being into physics or other sciences? Nerdy. Glasses are considered nerdy too because of the intellectual stereotype associated with them along with reading books making you nerdy too.

Geeks are more extreme and to me, this means being a part of the creation process, i.e. programming, creating your own scientific theories and possibly the creation of fan fiction.

At the end of the day they're very similar concepts which are both related to the same material, however I feel geek is more of the 'inside line' while nerd is simply the appreciator of the content.
Oh and forgot to add, we're all into fanfiction and drawing...
Nerds are people who are smart and I guess geeks are people into gaming and they have the look of a geek and stuff like that.
yeah xD ^
Basically a nerd is a weak, defensless person, who in the steryoe type, is into "nerdy" things. A "geek", in ur case, is a more extreme version of the nerd. Also, they tend to hav a lot of allergies and r extremely smart. Also, a geek can also be some1 who bites the heads off of birds(Ozzy Ozborn). Correct me if im wrong.
Wow I dunno wut to think but the Internet and u guyz ( wow is it just me or did dat sounded really nerdy? Lmfao) says that people would consider me a geek
im bit of a nerd aparanetly :/ idk why .
					
					

Okay so this is something I want to get off my shoulders because it happened to me last night and it's been happening ALL SUMMER. Okay so for some reason my dad won't let me pull "all nighters" on Summer break. No matter how far school is from starting. I've been staying up late and pulling all nighters ALL Summer and for some reason he has a problem with it. I don't know what the heck is his problem. I'm posting this because I'm curious if other people out there get the freedom to stay up all night or if there parents are the same way. On the other hand I don't blame my dad though because he's like 56 lol. But he just makes me so mad when he pulls this crap and I'm sick of it. So reply if your parents let you stay up all night or they get pissy like my dad does. Just curious. Thanks for reading :3
I dont usually get to do it but I do it anyway.
Mom only lets me stay until 10:00 pm when there's no school and dad lets me until like11:00 pm or so but not all night. But when I sleep over at granny's I stay up all night and she wont even notice lol even though she sends me to bed at 10:00 pm.
Nah. My mom pretty much let's me go to bed whenever I want to, during school too. But then again my school schedule doesn't demand I get up at 6AM. I can run off of like 2 hours of sleep with no problem though lol.
Nah. My mom pretty much let's me go to bed whenever I want to, during school too. But then again my school schedule doesn't demand I get up at 6AM. I can run off of like 2 hours of sleep with no problem though lol. Lol you're lucky xD
My parents always give me crap, but I always get a payback on them. Lock my room up and play heavy metal as laud as I can as they hate it xD About the all nighters, my parents don't care as long as i don't make noise after 11PM
IDGAF what people say about my sleep. If I'm not tired, end of story
My parents always give me crap, but I always get a payback on them. Lock my room up and play heavy metal as laud as I can as they hate it xD About the all nighters, my parents don't care as long as i don't make noise after 11PM Haha keep calm and listen to Heavy Metal c;
XDDD

CHELSEA GRIN

WHITE CHAPEL XDD
Haha keep calm and listen to Heavy Metal c;Aha ! Brilliant xD
my mum goes to bed before me so she doesnt know that i stay up on the internet lol xD
					
					

That's what happens with my parents to it sucks
Fuck them 

My gma is a bitch. IDGAF (too much) the majority of the time
:/
I have a odd mom. She'll wake me up at 3am (or whenever she comes home from work). Just so we can watch tv, we'll watch the most random crap ever and just chill and chat. She doesn't care when I go to sleep unless I need to wake up early the next mourning which is reasonable.
my parents give me a whole bunch of crap. here's my reasons:
they make me go to bed at 9 or 10
they won't even let me wear cool clothes such as my $50 pikachu hoodie
they won't let me dye my hair. period.
they'll only let me wear one bracelete
my dad won't even let me WALK into hottopic to even browse!
my mom is cool she always pulls all nighters with me xD Except if shes too tired. Other than that she sits with me as we blast my cd's or watch ghost adventures. My mom is so unexpectedly cool.
Lol
My parents tell me to goto bed, so I pretend to then get back up when they go to sleep xD
As long as I get myself up 4 school, and keep my grades up, I can stay up as late as I want. Tho I think That's because my aunt and uncle go to bed at like midnight when I'm still up lol
hellz yea. My mom always has a set bedtime. It's 9:30 just in case you were wondering. My bedtime is always the same 24/7 365 days a year. ALWAYS and she is ridiculously strict about it too. It's really fn annoying.
My parents dont care if I sleep or not. Your father clearly cares about you, and wants you to get sleep. And to not become sleep deprived, dumb and lazy like me. Don't take advantage of the fact that your father cares about you.
No.
my mom is cool she always pulls all nighters with me xD Except if shes too tired. Other than that she sits with me as we blast my cd's or watch ghost adventures. My mom is so unexpectedly cool. my moms pretty much the same, but she cant stand the loud music
how would your parents react if they knew of this site? i know my mom probably wouldnt care.
My mum would go spaz but yet again she has seen this site and thought it was a school site o.o
my mum didnt care much...same wiv stepdad n dad
So as a lot of people know school is starting up soon. I'm becoming a Freshman and I'm scared as hell lol. Is anyone else scared of Freshman year? Or is it just me?   Because I'm like such a different person and I'm scared people will like judge me and no one would like me xDD. Leave le reply ;3
Freshman? o.o whats that? like middle school? highschool? wha? me confuzzled
Freshman? o.o whats that? like middle school? highschool? wha? me confuzzledFreshman is the starting year of High School :3
Ohh haha its not scary what so ever xD guess you could say I was Freshman last year lolz :3
Yeah pretty much 0-0
plus Im gonna be in band with a bunch of upperclassmen and Im so freaking nervous in the next four years
freshman year was scary at first for me...but...it was eaay...although i always never listend to ppl and had headphones on it wasnt as scary as it seems after a while...ima be a sophmorre now
oh hellz no! Imma rock dis school!
Plus everyone in the highschool went to my middle school, so theres really not going to be any new kids.  bleh!
sophmorre whats that?
sophmore is the second year of highschool Ash
it goes freshman sophmore junior senior
what he said lol
ahh kayy haha so am I Junior then? I only have on more year before I graduate
yep
ah yeah cool haha :3
Nope I'm done with school but I still have the University to deal with, damn!
We all have those things that get on our nerves ..
ooh first! ok um... the main thing that irritates me is people who use the word 'guesstimate'. ITS NOT UR DECISION TO CREATE NEW WORDS =(
hahaha lol ohh btw i meant talk wiv their mouths full lol
I hate it when people do things with your stuff without asking like borrowing it or moving it or something lolz
One thing that irritates me most is when a teacher can see that you don't know how to give an answer to a question but they ask you anyway and then you sit there an don''t know what to say and everyone thinks your dumb
That one thing that annoys me is when in school there's a student that disobey's, doesn't listen, ect. When there's another teacher in the room they both make snide remarks out loud about that student. For example: "I think we should send him/her to detention.. Don't you think Mr./Mrs. So and So?" Or, "Their behavior is just ridiculous! Don't you think Mr./Mrs. So and so?" UGHH! That makes me want to punch teachers in their faces sometimes.
One thing that irritates me most is when a teacher can see that you don't know how to give an answer to a question but they ask you anyway and then you sit there an don''t know what to say and everyone thinks your dumb yeah thats annoying .
So whenever I have posters or pictures of people, I always feel like they're staring at me. Sometimes creepily, sometimes accusingly. Does anyone else feel this way??? It makes me feel like I'm being watched ALL the TIME.

So...yeah. Just a random thought.
Hells Yeahs! D:
haha yeah i get that sometimes c:
Hells Yeahs! D:
haha yeah i get that sometimes c: I just find it so creepy .
i have a huge poster of Paramore and haley is like death staring the camera so its like she is death staring me all the time i get it
yeah, that's probably why i never put up posters...
So whenever I have posters or pictures of people, I always feel like they're staring at me. Sometimes creepily, sometimes accusingly. Does anyone else feel this way??? It makes me feel like I'm being watched ALL the TIME.So...yeah. Just a random thought. tYeah that's why I can't put up posters xD it's like they're staring into our souls o.O
i have a huge poster of Paramore and haley is like death staring the camera so its like she is death staring me all the time i get it Oh wow haha I have a few posters that are all staring at me .
yeah, that's probably why i never put up posters...  I do, even though it scares me  I'm just weird like that...lol
tYeah that's why I can't put up posters xD it's like they're staring into our souls o.O Exactly!! ..But I put them up anyways... xD
i feel the same way
Yeah people staring at u is an actual phobia Ophthalmophobia. but thats people i dont think posters/paintings count! and yes i have many of them in my room so when i sleep i just pull the cover over my head!! Cuz some of them the way they stare its kinda creepy like they're eyes are following u!!!
Yeah people staring at u is an actual phobia Ophthalmophobia. but thats people i dont think posters/paintings count! and yes i have many of them in my room so when i sleep i just pull the cover over my head!! Cuz some of them the way they stare its kinda creepy like they're eyes are following u!!! Hmm....they should make a name for fear of posters staring at you. Haha!
lol i can't agree about the posters but I swear that my mom and my sister's teddy bears glare at me  
and I always feel like they're watching me OoO!!!!! way too creepy for me
lol i can't agree about the posters but I swear that my mom and my sister's teddy bears glare at me  and I always feel like they're watching me OoO!!!!! way too creepy for me That's happened to me before! I can't sleep if things are wathing me!! TT^TT
Oh my goodness that totally scares me!  Especially when I'm high!
yea sometimes i feel tht way too
Yeah.. creepy. 
I feel the same way, when someone looks me in the eyes.
So whenever I have posters or pictures of people, I always feel like they're staring at me. Sometimes creepily, sometimes accusingly. Does anyone else feel this way??? It makes me feel like I'm being watched ALL the TIME.So...yeah. Just a random thought. Yes. I used to, but that's just because I had them facing me now they're next to me so they can't look at me
OhMyGod YES!!!!!

It's soo creeeeeepyyy
It's soooooo weird. Especially at night. I'm always looking up at them when I'm trying to go to sleep, and it's soooo creepy for some reason. I'm always expecting them to come to life and stab me to death or something crazy like that.
I agree , I have herd a bunch of comments on her from people who dont even know who she is I didnt know who she was untill I looked her up.
To be completely honest, I had no idea what any of this was until I saw the picture.
Idk why they would single out that innocent clumsy pony, Just look at goofy from disney, Or ed from ed edd and eddy, Stimpy, clumsy smurf... plus that willfully stupid mother fucker spongebob who is still on the air.... okay Spongebob offends me but no not the derpy pony.
Umm when my great grandpa was in the store with me, and he wears hearingaids so he doesnt know how to whisper he thinks he is but he is really not, but  there was this guy and he yelled hey is that carl martin and i was like yes and he yells i thought he was dead! i just looked down and shook my head he was like im not whispering am i LOL
Poor grandpa ^.^

One time my friend and I were goinh shopping(he was), nad we were acting like cats. At one point I hissed at him, and he jumped back and kicked off A HUGE shelf!!!! And we had to pick up all the things he kicked down. I wanted to kill him -.-'
Life.
ummm.... never had one actually o.o but then again depends on what you call awkward
When you're aunt says "QUIT SMOKING!" In church in front of the rest of your family because you coughed.
When my mom wanted to 'get to know me.' we went out to the movies and she sat on the guy next to me by accident:/ lol, funny now. But then I was so embarrassed. Hahaha
i had a best friend...chloe...she... killed herself...on my 13 birthday  while on the phone with me...i was...shocked...never felt the same...still dont....her famiky...for the past two years...have ruined my life...blamed me for her death..and tnat i shoukd be dead...im starting to belive it....but...chloe.. was irreplaceable...she was..amazing and we were always there for eachother and now her fami,y is blaming me all over again...i go to school with her cousins...they blame me...everywhere i go alk i hear is its my fault...and its...disgusting that they take out there hate and anger and sadness on me....i miss chloe more then they do....i just...cant accept the fact that she is gone...why.. do people...have to be like this...i really dont like them....
Aww thats so sad, I'm sorry
I'm not surprised they blamed you, I would too.
blame me...when i stopped her so many times before...she shot herself..i hear the gunshot always...
If you know someone has tried multiple times, you're supposed to call the police or paramedics to have her dealt with/examined.  Also, you should tell family such as brothers/sisters/cousins, before the parents, see if they will bother to try, then you go to the parents, just to make sure.  Even if they would be harsh, they would backoff and want to help.

Keep this in mind, should you know someone else at-risk.

Don't mean to come off as mean/rude, but it sounds like that's one less life worth living on the planet, and it likely could have prevented.  Though not your fault, you still should have acted, maybe today would be far different.
ive told her famiky so many tines....i trid everything...they didnt care...and they have no fucking right to atop me when im the onky one who tried
:,(
I just want to hug you to make you feel better
1. This story is B.S
2. Even if it's true, you failed - trying is not enough.
ive needed a hug for the past two years...
I don't believe the story either, snow.  But you never know.
....i...didnt expect smpathy...but...this just hurts...
Why are you so self centered? You are turning some girl's death (if this is even a real story) which you FAILED to prevent into a reason why people should be nice to you or feel sorry for you?

You failed, you have two outcomes - 1. People blame you, 2. People let it go. There is no 3. Flock around the guy who failed to achieve something.
im so self centered...i never care about mysekf...this is like the one of the few times i ever let my feelinnbs out...u call me self centered yet u barley know anything about me...thank u...im not being sarcastic...thank u for making me realize i dont really have anyone to trust....
Once again you have turned criticism into something for people to pity you for. Stop being so self centered. You are manipulating and twisting both situations and words into making yourself look like a martyr.

P.S you have spammed your feelings all over the forum ever since you joined.
well if i have im sorry cause i...no...im not gunna explaian why...im sorry ok....just...
You are still doing it. Stop. Now.
i just said im sorry o.o
sounds like what happened on deadman wonderland
To apologise is to accept blame for something and express remorse. What you essentially said was that you didn't intend do anything (therefore shrugging off responsibility) and saying sorry for something you don't believe you did and merely accept the possibility that someone else thinks you did. You then go on to refuse to explain yourself. How you can express remorse for something you don't accept you actually did, merely the possibility someone else thinks it, while refusing to explain and once again making you into a martyr (the entire thing you were meant to be apologising for) is beyond me.
im sorry for spamming o.o
So you still refuse to accept any responsibility for what you are consistently doing? lol.
gah its in my nature to apologize for everything im stubborn when it comes to that im sorry for being sorry XD
Are you actually reading my replies? Sprechen sie Englisch? Hablo Ingles?
grrr...i cant speak the language in my blood XD
c'mon leav the guy alone.
I like trains!!
Lol I love ASDF :3

It's so... Wtf logic XD
LMAO
What is ur fave fantasy creature??
Vampire :3333
yeah i love vampires n mermaids
What is the weirdest food combination you ever made?  The weirdest I've made was noodles with A1 sauce, brown sugar, hotsauce, pepper, barbecue sauce, lemon juice, and seasoned salt
Uh... I'm not sure actually. 

I know a friend that eats brownies with mustard EWWW
I don't knowreally. I've made some really weird and gross combos. One: tuna fish and cream cheese sandwich
Lol those are some pretty gross ones, I've also tried carrots and mustard
Ewwwwwww
I'm not really sure i know someone who make a mayo and pnutbutter sandwich it was makeing me sick just waching her eat it  


i don't know if it's weird but I find apple with peanut butter tasty..
my friend likes fish fingers n custard O.o weird 
celery n peanut butter is weird . neva had it thou
Celery and peanut butter? I think I've had it once

it's not so bad

I DON'T EAT THIS

BUt I was listening to the radio. Panacakes with melted cheese *pukes* EW
ew
i don't know if it's weird but I find apple with peanut butter tasty.. no it's not weird i eat apples with peanut butter to
I've eaten a scorpion.
?
Yeah. Just a scorpion

I don't back down from a dare
Yeah. Just a scorpionI don't back down from a dare o ok then
LOLOL
I've eaten a scorpion.Oh! sounds interesting how did it taste? lol
milo and popcorn xD
tomato sauce with egg
I used to have a friend that puts sugar in nearly everything she eats... for example.. I saw her adding sugar to fried noodles -.- it's so weird...
Lol sugar in fried noodles, that is pretty weird.
I usually like dipping french fries in vanilla ice cream. ^^ Especially with Mcdonald's french fries. o.o 
lol i like doritos n tomato sauce xD
i luv mixing different fizzy drinks together
Oh! sounds interesting how did it taste? lolIt wasn't too bad, actually. I've eaten two :3 They're surprisingly good.
It wasn't too bad, actually. I've eaten two :3 They're surprisingly good.lol nice i kinda wanna try it
uhm... perhaps mangos and barbecued salami slices :3
lol nice i kinda wanna try it DOOOO ETTTT
Yeah. Just a scorpionI don't back down from a dareHOW DARE YOU EAT MY FRIENDS!!!!!! I WILL DESTROY YOU!!!!!!!!! HMM, ACTUALLY I WILL EAT YOU! HOW DO YOU LIKE THEM APPLES?!?!?!?!? -_-(Good for you for not backing down from a dare, but I'mma still destroy you  )
					
					

HOW DARE YOU EAT MY FRIENDS!!!!!! I WILL DESTROY YOU!!!!!!!!! HMM, ACTUALLY I WILL EAT YOU! HOW DO YOU LIKE THEM APPLES?!?!?!?!? -_-(Good for you for not backing down from a dare, but I'mma still destroy you  )Well then.
Well then. You are one evviiiiiiiiilllllll monkey, amii. I am  going to get the Scorpion Squad all over your ass!!!
I was at the mall yesterday and I saw a Webkinz in the Hallmark store. It was a white monkey with black words everywhere. It had a blue mohawk and on it's left ear it had 3 silver piercings! It had a rainbow tattoo , "Punky Monkey" near it's butt. It's tail is black and red stripes! This Webkinz is flippin' awesome! I'm soooooo gonna get it. What do you all think about the new Webkinz Rockers? I don't know why Ganz decided to make these Webkinz, but I'm very happy they did. =D The monkey: [attachment=901:WK_punky-monkey.jpg]
awww idk wat they are bit it looks cute xD
Aren't those for like. Five year olds? Lawl. 

xD It's okay though. As long as they look cute, it's okay ;DDD
Chelza, they are stuffed animals that come with a code so you can play games online: Webkinz.com. 
Lol Amii, the "Webkinz Juniors" are for five year olds.
Lawl ;DDD
=D
Lol well dang. I haven't been on my Webkinz account in a VERY long time. They sure changed things up a lot o-o
I've never had one
Lol well dang. I haven't been on my Webkinz account in a VERY long time. They sure changed things up a lot o-oYeah, I wish they kept the "Superstars" game or whatever it was called. :/ It was a fashion show game. I actually named my unicorn, Krys, after the unicorn in that game. =)
I've never had oneYour loss
lo xD
Eh, I'll live.
Eh, I'll live.Are you sure? Really, though. Are you sure??
Yeah, I'm pree sure.
Yeah, I'm pree sure.You're pree sure? Well, you'd better soon be positive, or i'll get a fish to pee on you.
I always forget what my face looks like, and what Dunkin Donuts' menu is. What can you just never remember?
The names of all the countless video games I've bought for my fiance, lol. That, and my parents' birthdays. X.x
Sonic? Zelda? Mario? Pokemon? o_O YOU'RE GETTING MARRIED? AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!! Lucky! 
i always hav trouble remembering times tables :/
Sonic? Zelda? Mario? Pokemon? o_O YOU'RE GETTING MARRIED? AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!! Lucky! 
thats a lot of games O.o
Tell me about it. o_O I'm no better about getting games for myself.
how r u spose to play all of them O.o
I can forget pretty much anything.
Let's see... *takes glance at history on Amazon*... I just pre-ordered Last Story for him, other games I've gotten him: Dark Souls, Kid Icarus: Uprising, Dead Island, Theatrhythm: Final Fantasy, Dragon's Dogma, Final Fantasy 13-2, Vanquish, Katamari Forever, Tales of Graces F, Saint's Row: The Third, Metal Gear Solid: HD collection, Dead Rising 2: Off the Record, Demon's Souls, Deus Ex, Bleach: Soul Resurrection, Unreal Tournament III, Madden NFL 11, Darksiders, LoZ: Ocarina of Time 3D, Killzone 3, Brink, Infamous 2, Portal 2, Dissidia 012, Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2, Monster Hunter Freedom Unite, Phantasy Star Portable 2, Metal Gear Solid 4, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, Dead Rising 2, Prototype, Tales of Symphonia, Heavy Rain, Little Big Planet, Prototype 2... And probably more than that if I count all the stuffs on the PSN store and things I've bought at Gamestop. o_O I'm the video game industry's best friend.o_O  XD I love "Monster Hunter 3" Weird, I know, since Ima monster... :/
how r u spose to play all of them O.o Simple: Ps3 controller in one hand, wii remote in the other, while using gamecube controller with your feet, and playing a nintendo ds with your nose, lol. XD
Whoa xDD
anything that happened in nearly an hour or less, peoples names and faces, and bitrhdays.
Lol. I forgot my own birthday once.
^ XD Amiiii... wow.... just... wow XD
					
					

I've sen a couple of recipes posted here

I"m getting bored, so I want to try something. 

I may be a vegan, but all recipes are welcome. 

Other people can use this too, and there's always vegan replacements XD
I don't know how to cook, lol.
D:
Okay so I just got done rinsing out the dye from my hair. I just re-dyed it. Now I have like dye all up my forearm and on my fore head and neck xD  Lol anyone know how to get it off? I do have these wipe things that I got from Sally's but I can't find them. I barely have anymore left anyway lol. So please leave a reply and help me out here. Thanks ^-^  I'm kinda going to a special event tomorrow that involves Filipinos and food and I'm afraid they'll like flip and be like "Don't touch the food with your red hands huhh?!?!?!" So please help me out guys! Thanks ^-^
I usually just wait untill it goes away but I herd that finger nail polish remover works I have never tried it so I cant really say that it works but my friend said it did....hope i helped...
I usually just wait untill it goes away but I herd that finger nail polish remover works I have never tried it so I cant really say that it works but my friend said it did....hope i helped...Helps a lot! Thanks :3
					
					

I would use laundry detergent mixed with body soap. 

Got it off of me nice and quick.
Helps a lot! Thanks :3Your welcome
do u think its weird to have a crush on one of ur teachers at school or uni or watevs???
i think its totally weird
oohh whos the teacher u have a crush on? its the sports guy isnt it! lol cos thats normal for girls =P
i dont hav a crush on any teacher .
lol im sure you dont =P  whats even more weird is the teacher having a crush on a student..unless the teacher is a priest! then its just normal haha
ohh hahaha lol xD
well i guess if its a uni teacher liking a uni student i dont think its that bad cuz the age difference might not b as far apart
haha i reckon somebody has a thing for uni teachers =P bet you cant wait to go there =P haha but first look for the uni boys then the teachers =P
well, I think it's ok if a student thinks the teachers hot, but having a crush on the teacher is just messed up and sick.
haha i reckon somebody has a thing for uni teachers =P bet you cant wait to go there =P haha but first look for the uni boys then the teachers =P-facepalm- ohhh gawd
well, I think it's ok if a student thinks the teachers hot, but having a crush on the teacher is just messed up and sick.yeah i think its oke to think a teacher is hot etc but actually havin a crush on one is just majorly weird :/
Crushes on teachers? 

Ewwwwwww
i kno...heaps of gals at skool was like in love wiv Mr Noak...yeah he was alright looking BUT OMFG EWIES
ITS TIME FOR ME: EmoChelza aka Xx Pocket Sized Emo Vampire Pandah xX TO GIVE OUT EXPENSIVE FREE HUGS N COOKEHZ!!Who wants a hug n a cookeh???      Yes i know...I bite n stalk  But i wont do it this time...mee promise
I wanna cookie :3 I wouldn't mind a hug either.
okes...-hands u a cookeh  --gives u a mega hugz  -
Yay! lolx :3
=^.^=


lolz wheres mine chelza? xD
MEZ! i want da coooooookkkiiie!
I like hugz
woo free hugs and cookies 
can i get both
(next time give away ice cream with sprinkles)
NO THANKS, I HAVE SARS AND DIABETES
-hands out cookehs n gives hugz-
COOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUGCOOKIEHUg Cuz i love you that much
HUGHUGHUGHUGHUGHUGHUGHUGHUGHUGHUGHUGHUGHUGHUG
x3
COOKIES N CREAM COOKIES no wait that wud just be oreos -facepalm-
Hahaha I want a pineapple cookie!!!!!!!!!!
MUD CAKE COOKIES O.O-drools-they should invent mud cake cookies!!
YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
or chocolate fondue cookies XD
i have a chocolate chip cookie drizzeled in chocolate suryp and sprinkels
YAYCan I get a chocolate cookie with chocolate ships and fudge???Please! pretty please with an ice cream chocolate sunday and pickles on top??? NO hug for me though! I have allergies....   :'(
haha ahhhkays ill give u sum cookies xD
can I have ice cream cookie? :3
cookie?
everyone can hav cookies
Vegan cookies?
*noms on cookie*

yes Vegan cookies too Amii :3
Hug cookie Hug Cookie

Random pointless posts xD
Vegan cookies? there shuch a thing as vegan cookies?
O.o
Yeah. Ya know. With imitation eggs and soy milk :3
Yeah. Ya know. With imitation eggs and soy milk :3 oo well I'm not vegan so i don't know a lot about it but it dose sound odd not saying it's a bad thing thou
o.o
cookies goodies xD
I WANT COOKIE D;
-gives u giant cookie- xD
O.O YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY@ 
lol that looks like kirby xD(^.^)
lol

Ever consumed so much sugar that youre on a sugar high, then the next day your body crashes??Urghs man it sucks...i felt soo tired and sick...and i just didnt have any energy whatsoever :/Then i just ate more lollies that day lol xD
lolz yeah but not as bad as you n Julia had it xD your party and hers were really the only times for me o.o
gowds we ate alot xD
OhGod LOL
I FELT SO BAD AFTER
D;
urghz
THat's not good
yeah i know
:C

Don't have too much sugar
wen its sleepovers n such i hav a lot xD
hav u done the sugar eating contest??
everyone has a bowl of sugar n they hav to eat it through a straw. the one whos eats it all first wins! xD
No?!?!?!?! That's insane and unhealthy :C

And no more sleepovers then

lol
haha lol iv only tried once xD hehe
NOOO NEED MORE SLEEPOVERS!!
Wow. 

No pinky toes? :C
Hey I have my own blog site, you guys should come check it out, I've just started it but I'm trying to get on it daily.

DarkenedTemptress.blogspot.com

Thanks, much love, Risika xx
a blog site aye? looks pretty cool ^.^
thanks xx
s'kay ^-^
Eh. Link it
yeah what Amii said ^
i would if i knew how. lol but yeah, the URL is up above
D;

IT WON'T CLICK

And I'm too lazy to copy and paste
Oh noes. But I dun noe how to link it Dx
Copy the link and paste it to here
					
					

Pure epicness.
Lalala (hey hey)

Lalala (hey hey)

Lalala (hey hey)

Lalalaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

there's a ginger

Whoawhoaooaaaaaa!
?
CLICK THE LINK
annoying song .
Lawl ;D
lolziez xD
xD
i dont really wanna click on the link...i dont want a weird song stuck in meh head xD
PLEASE CLICK IT D;
almost as weird as my jeans XDD not my jeans litlerally, i mean its a actual song c:
O.o does it end!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its not ending!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOLZ xD never ending
NEVER ENDS XDDDDDDDDDDD
Ohh gawd .
LALALA HEY HEY

LALALA HEY HEY

LALALA HEY HEY

LALALAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

THERE'S A GINGER
lol XD
C:
why doesnt it end?!! .
BECAUSE IT DOESN'T XDDD
ohhh suuu annoying .
honestly..i often think about what i hate most in life...and.. i often come to the same thing...myself
i feel...selfish...i try to help others rather then care about myself...i say i dont judge people
but on the inside i do...and i hate mysekf cause of it...this is all so pointless saying my thoughts since
no one really cares to listen...i.. use to be the happiest person ever....then.. things happen and
now im not...i dont even have the strength to cry anymore...my smiles are often fake
when i say im ok i lie and ....im losing whatevers left that i hold onto...
i.. would prefer if...anyone who has something to say say it to my face...i want my flaws
and stupidity to be pointed out cause..the pain..lets me know im alive still and...that
my life here..is still going and that hell is just beginning ....this post was selfish i know...but..
 since i have no one that i want to tell specifically id rather let everyone know...so yea...
thats all..
I'll always care to listen, dear

You have a voice, like everyone else. 

I'll listen.
why listen to my rambles..i never let them out till it hurts...
Hun, i'm here if you need me. I don't really get on this site much but if you need me you can add me on facebook(if you need a link just ask) or something. In all honesty I used to feel like you feel now, i'm sure I can be somewhat helpful c:
i dont like facebook
I don't mind listening. I want to help.
id...like hat alot...thing is...im not on here as much anymore...e...and when i really need someone...im in the middle of nowhere wittyh no wifi
:C
im usually camping in indiana lol...and the only thing i can do is txt
I don't know how to help then
no one really can....
Life never turns out the way you thought it would, that's a rule you should always keep in mind, always be prepared.
^ Toby speaks words of truth.
yea...i was prepared to lose my bestfrien on my birthday...to suicide
I'm sorry dear :C
dont be sorry...u did jothinnbg wrong
im here if u need to talk...

plus in my opinion, even thou ppl say they dont judge others i think we all judge others in our own little ways...
we might not even kno that we do it...
i say i dont judge others, but theres those times wen i end up doing it.
i dont do 'oh shes fat, she eats too much...i aint gonna b her friend' etc...(just an example btw) but i might go 'ohh...shes overweight...ahhh umms'
i dont do it full on...but there has been times wen i do it on accident...
i think everyone judges at some point wether we kno it or not...

life isnt all happy happy, theres always going to be ups and downs...we just hav to overcome them and move on otherwise we will die inside and make life even more harder to live. dont blame urself.
i dont think ppl dont listen to u cuz they dont care, sumtimes ppl hav trouble undertsanding ur situations and feelings. most ppl rnt sure as to wat to say or how to help...it sumtimes happens to me wiv friends :/
they probably do care, theyre just not sure how to help u...

if u get ppl to point out ur flaws...i think that might make it worse. EVERYONE has flaws...u dont need to punish urself by making ppl point them out...
one of the first things u need to hav to b able to b happy in life is to love urself...take the time to make things right, repair urself, love urslef again cuz trust me if u love urself things will get better cuz u will b more postitive bout most things...(im still trying to get there myself, u wudnt b the only one)

ur not selfish for creating this thread...u just want help thats all  
urgh feels like i babbled...sorry :/
					
					

I feel bad because I don't know how to help :C
dont feel bad
I tend to feel that way :/

But this is about you, not me

It's the second freaking time we have to take it back.

The first time they shipped it, the screen was cracked. 

Now the touch screen won't work. Like. It won't work at all. 

I HATE TOUCHSCREEN ANYTHING
then stop using things with touchscreen?
But I need to .
dont use touch screen then lol xD
I neeeeed it though :C
Lol wat pjs do u hav?
Any weird patterns?
Cute animal prints?
Sexy pjs?  lol
i sleep in clothes that i don't use xD
Haha lols...i tend to do that wen I dont want to get out of them cuz it cold...
I like my cute nighties that r tiga n eeore c:
lolz I sleep in cloud or frog pjs xD
LOVE HEARTS
stupid high skool musical ones .
STARS
SPONGEBOB
RANDOM SWEET DREAMS STUFF
eh
hahaha I have plain black pjs as well
oh n ones that hav owls on the c:
lolz you have so many different pjs chelza
Haha but half wer from wen I was like 12 thou :3
hahaha yeah true dat
Hmm

My pajamas as of today consists of a shirt that says: I 
some of my pajamas are just old shirts I don't use..
but I love using oversized shirts  some of them are from my brother, I have one that is at least 3 times larger than my size XP
i just sleep in clotthes...nothing special
but i do have a pair of oversized footie pjs with pandas all over it
wen im lazy or its too cold to change into pjs i sleep in clothes xD
I remember traveling to a gig overnight, I slept in a pair of skinnies

BRO THAT SHIT HURT
haha sleeping with belts on isnt a good idea :/
naruto and (spongebob)
Boxers and TankTop
Cuz im just awesome like that.
lolz
i want lingerie xD
^ lolz course ya do chelza xD
hahah yeppies
haha sleeping with belts on isnt a good idea :/I KNOW D;You know me, wearing like. A billion belts at a time
haha yeahz 
mine dig into me n wen i wake up my hips n stuff hurt .
owwieee
ohh lol i kiinda ripped my pj pants 
i was sitting crossed legged n i moved my legs n i heard a big rip...
theres a big hole in it nowz
Gummy Bear?Oh do you care? No you don't.Of course you don't.You know what the best part about you is?No?Why then I'll tell you.The best part about you is that I can bite your head off and you can't fight back.
Haha! That's funny!
Thats very funny! XD hahaha Poor Gummy bear tho XD
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
haha thanks
Love it!!!
I love gummybears 

Especially the green ones :3
lol i like getting those big gummy bears that are like the size of ur head xD
*nomnomnomnomnomnomnom*

I'm nomming on all of your gummybears, in case you didn't notice

*nomnomnom*

These ones match my hair :3
gummy bearsssssssssssssssssssssss
hahaha - hey gives those back!!! *snatches bag from Dont yell at kids*
I WANT THE GODDAMN GUMMYBEARS
has anybody ever had Gummy Dinosaurs?
OMGS YES!!!!
I WANT GUMMY BEARS
Gummy bears ^vv^
gummy scooby-doo xD
I like the green ones
hahah im not into green ones much...i like the blue n red ones xD
D;

GREEN ONES ARE THE SHIT
nuuu blue n red are .
I think it would be amazing if we had rainbow animals!!! XDRAINBOW SHEEP 
Rainbow Pandas
rainbow ducks XD
Rainbow kittens
RAINBOW TIGERS !
rAiNbOw BuNnYs
rainbow swans !!
Rainbow Penguins!!!
RANBOW LIONS!!!!!!
Very easily done. Find a guy or girl who is hot, an animal in bed and make them wet - cue rainbow animal.
Very easily done. Find a guy or girl who is hot, an animal in bed and make them wet - cue rainbow animal.O.o rainbow sex
Rainbow. Elephants
!!!! RAINBOW SPIDERS !!!!
RAINBOW BUGS ! ! ! ! !
RAINBOW RAINBOWS lol
xD

RAINBOW BLACK AND WHITE
RAINBOW CATS
RAINBOW BUNNIES!!!
RAINBOW PIGS
RAINBOW VAMPIRES
RAINBOW WEREWOLFS!!!!!
Rainbow Ponies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!hahahahahahahaha!
Rainbow dolphinbirds! (no that is NOT a typo. i am going to crossbreed dolphins and birds )
Black
RAINBOW CHICKEN POLAR BEARS
Rainbow turtle?
Rainbow kangaroo
RAINBOW REINDEERS
RAINBOW BUGS
rainbow eagles
Rainbow tiger?
rainbow turtles
RAINBOW PENGUINS!!!
RAINBOW LADYBUGS
(sadface i cant change the size n colour) .
OMG I CAN NOW!!! RAINBOW FLAINGOES
RAINBOW CATS
					
					

Why not rainbow objects too?
RAINBOW UMBRELLA XD
...RAINBOW GLOWING PIERCINGS XD
What if a horse had a rainbow mane?
ha lol RAINBOW SOCKS!!
RAINBOW CHICKENS xD
RAINBOW GOTHIC BOOTS!!!
Nyan cat! O_O
RAINBOW GOATS
My eyeliner xD
ohh that b soo cool xD RAINBOW EYELINER!
Mhmm :3
i cant believe i didnt think of that...
RAINBOW LIPSTICK O.O
Does anyone hav random or strange habits? Or even things that for some reason u need to do?
For example...
With me i NEED to close the door wen im in the loo even if im the only person in the house... O.o
And i NEED to wipe my face with the towel in the shower coz i hate drops of water on my face, especially my nose....its weird...
I breathe in between breathing
i scratch things all the time random objects,myself,other people,blankets,
I have a weird thing where I have to constantly check my left pocket for something even if i know its emptu
i also wipe my face constantly in the shower. i just dont like water on my face and stuffs
hahaha same ^.^   also I dont like it when other people cry cause it makes me cry
I always have to touch my hair or makeup.
LOL.
like ill be twirling my hair, or playing with my mascara covered eyelashes ALL the time
i have to have the same amount of bracelets on each wrist if i do something twice i have to do it again to make it three times
I wear ductape as bracelets. 
I have to have physical contact when im walking down the street.
I tend to poke guys adams apples 
I have conversations with myself..while im in a conversation with another person 
I chew on my pinky fingers. 
I tend to stop everything at the number 7 or 17.
I have a habit of reading multiply books at once and not finish the Original book i started with.
I like to randomly bite people.
No idea why.
I have plenty haha.
-popping knuckles
-fixing my hair even though it's fine
-rubbing my nose like its runny
-twitching for no reason
-jumping around
-patting my pockets
-covering my neck
-tapping my foot
-and my favorite is I always turn to my right when   I enter a doorway, even if it's to my left.
-when I'm not sure where to go I walk in tight circles instead of thinking where to go.

That's only the ones that come to mind haha I have a ton of things like that.
um well my habits
i eat wen im the shower i cant shower with out food it weird
i crack my fingers
i bounce my foot all the time
um i bit my lip
i wen i am doing maths or have to concerntrate i either tap or bounce mt knee
i will never right in green or will never use anything green thats just a few
mines are:
i have to constantly bit my nails and the skin around them
when i get nervous some glasses of water it helps
shake my right foot to concentrate
i crack my fingers too and my neck,my feet, my knee and my back
bit my lip too even tought they say its bad (dont know why)
always close the doors cant sleep without the door closed
					
					

- I can't sleep unless my bed is messy. In fact, I don't even like being in my room unless my bed is unmade. 
- If I see something that could be hot (like the stove eye or a curling iron or something), I'll touch to see if it's hot. And if it burns me, I'll touch it again to make sure I felt it right the first time. o.o
- I carry a can of pineapples with me to school everyday.
- I pop my knuckles.
- If I feel a sneeze coming on and I don't sneeze, I'll keep breathing through my nose super hard until I finally sneeze.
- I bite my nails if I'm too hot.
- I keep my cellphone and money in my bra (or in my boots) so I don't lose it. XD
i happen to space out a lot...
i cant eat anything unless it has salt on it
i always crack my knuckles
and i cannot be around people who talk either a lot or not enough
-biting nails
-yelling random when I drink too much Mountain Dew
-pick out signs and laugh (Monroe was on top of Washington xD )
-Even numbers of braclest
-sorting random crap...big bracelets to small bracelets
-Singing even if I don't know the words
-looking through the same thing twice
-losing my phone and keys....(my sister ends up finding them)
and...
-loss of what I was gonna do.
oh, i forgot to mention that i always walk around my house. I just walk and walk and walk.
i tend to stare a lot... 8|
Part 2:
-I wear loops on my top lip (Angel Bites) and I bite the ball out a lot.
-pick at stuff
-look down
-and put on and take off my bracelets.
I bit my bottom lip,
walk with my head down,
fiddle with ring or braclets or necklace when wearing them
im getting into a habit of saying Heyhey nowz n watevs
lolz im getting a habit of saying ello, and playing with my hair when its down or in pigtails xD
ur hair is always in piggy tails
I put ice cubes in my milk and I play with tape. Like I wrap it around my fingers and put it on the back of my hands and such xD
i bite my lip..and people's shoulders
I'm constantly tapping things because of my obsession for drums, 

I like to randomly burst out with something, for no reason, 

I like poking people's faces and writing on them, 

If I'm walking somewhere and I see a twisted/distorted tree, I'm tempted to hug it

don't give me Sharpies. I'm addicted to writing on myself. It's something I can't go without doing
xD me and chelza used to write all over her legs and arms when we were bored.... give us a pen and we go crazy  xD
I've always got to be doing something with my hands. Playing with my jewelerry, my hair, playing with my phone etc.
At work I stock the straws over and over again. Everything has to be 'even'.
If something isn't facing forward, it has to: eg: the ketchup bottle, the front of the bottle is facing the wall, I have to flip it.

I close and lock the door and turn on the water when I go to the washroom even if I'm home alone.

I feel empty if I don't have a bracelet on.

Compulsively checking if my stuff is in my purse/pockets.

There are so so so so so many.....
I pop my knuckles,sing when I'm in the middle of a conversation, put my hand in my pockets,walk with my head down,can't stop dying my hair different colors I don't even like.
I also talk to myself all the time
When I blink, I look in a different direction or the same direction.
I like to pull the laces out of my shoes before I get them on, then I put them on and then put the laces back in.
Always putting mini plaits in my hair.
I tap my feet and always 'refresh' my hair after every lesson. 
I like to put tape on my friend Alex's mouth. Then rip it off.
And when I see a blank piece of paper, i always tend to draw on it.
xD me and chelza used to write all over her legs and arms when we were bored.... give us a pen and we go crazy  xDoh god my legs wud be covered in drawings XDi chew on my bottom lipwalk looking at the floorwen im sitting down crossed legged i tend to put my hands between my legs
					
					

i stand up  for hours  without moving staring in the fridge...
i stand up  for hours  without moving staring in the fridge...haha lols
i have a habit of keeping the receipt for a long time in my wallet. I don't know why..
I also randomly chew my nails...
I alway look at myself when I pass by a mirror..
I have a lot of weird habits
I have to wink at my cat when i see her...
i bite my cheek all the time
i pick at my finger nails
i am always touching my hair, or playing with my earrings
i have a habit of keeping the receipt for a long time in my wallet. I don't know why..I also randomly chew my nails...I alway look at myself when I pass by a mirror..I have a lot of weird habits
i happen to space out a lot...i cant eat anything unless it has salt on iti always crack my knucklesand i cannot be around people who talk either a lot or not enough ohh and i peel away at the nail polish that i wear... which is another reason i keep running out of polish x( its always apply and peel, apply and peel, etc etc...) i forgot to add this one hahaha xP
					
					

I completely forgot one....
When I'm alone at home I eat alot.
and when I'm in a car or walking alone I hold a conversation with myself just talking on and on to myself.
-I crack my knuckles
-pull my hair when I'm anxious
-pick at erasers whenever I get one
-have conversations with myself - only not out loud
-walk really,really fast when I'm upset or angry
-hold the ends of my hair when I walk
i talk to myself too xD
I snap my rubberbands on my wrists

Not a good habit
i can randomly bite myself...n i sumtimes huddle in a ball wen i sit on the floor (hug my knees to my chest)
whats the creepiest thing you ever saw
Links from IP Chat
Scary shit, Lawl
i once saw an 2 old men with a big van and a little boy in the back
LOL THAT'S HORRIBLE

The look the Walmart worker gave me when he saw me riding a little girl bike with big clunker boots, skinnies, gloves, a spiked jacket and outrageously large hair. 

IT WAS GODLY
wow. u've really seen it all guys. the creepiest thing i've ever saw was a big fat man, drinking from a sippy cup, staring at me. and winked when i looked at him.
Worst day of my life.
LOL

I've seen worse. 

BUt I don't feel like typing
So strange, considering how much I've been posting
Lolz ummm I would agree with Amii links from IP chat
xD
Everyone has something that he or she struggles with the most. So what's yours?


Mine: accepting reality.
Mine would be accepting reality and having to move forward, to learn that life goes on
Mine is that i can't have everything that i want --' idk never thought about it 
or nothing goes how i want --'
self acceptance.i cared so much about how the world saw me, that i forgot to put myself first....also facing reality.
Reality is a bitch
"Reality's not a bitch, reality's a beautiful woman
You only call her a bitch because you couldn't get at that pussy
Maybe she felt like you didn't share any similar interests
Or maybe you're just an asshole who couldn't sweet-talk the princess"

-Aesop Rock
Trying to face fears.
Accepting myself as a black man trapped inside a white kids body.
-No, you cannot jump through fire without feeling it

-BUT BUT

-No. ACCEPT IT
Fears  I hate them.... but got to overcome them oneday
I agree, Ash
my fav candy is kit kats.....i love the blue monster.....my fav movie has to be the paranormal ativity 1-3:)
music, books and music and sleep xD
Music, Monster, Venom, Marley, Stuff
Creaming soda better than Monster
Creaming soda?
Don't you hate it when you buy a product and it lies?!!!
like when you buy something and it says it works but it don't??

Like flexiable ruler or pencil, they are not supposed to break but when you bend them they break!!!!
or the pernmanet texta that is not pernmant!!
or well I think you may have got the idea lolz
yeah I hate those too...
nice examples XD
there are no words to describe how i feel about false advertisements:)
hahaha thanks I couldnt think of any examples... like when I was going to post it I had heaps of examples but when I typed it up had mental blank xD

Haha I know aye?!!! oh another false advertisement is wendys!!!! the shake'n'dog!!!  they advertise a shaking dog and a smoothie but you dont get a dog xD
yea --' 
trolol i hate many things xD
trololol yeap :3
Oh yes I hate it when that's happen.
like the boxton organizer!!!!!!!! I got one and it broke
Yeah!!! or like you buy a hair dye and it says it is a certain colour but its not .
Yeah!!! or like you buy a hair dye and it says it is a certain colour but its not .yeah that happened to me a lot -.-
putting ur ass on a freezing cold toilet seat wen its sooo cold .
haha yeah that shucks .
I hate both of those things
yep yep
Mhmm .
So what is everyone's daily ritual when they wake up? I was talking with some mates and realised, mine is pretty long..

Then I am off to complete my day.....
Pretty much sounds like mine...except it takes me about 1 hour or so to do my hair.
It depends with mine and how it's cut .
Wake up, shower/teeth, get dressed, leave 4 school

On weekends or summer: wake up, go back to sleep, get up, shower, dressed, and then do whatever
wakeup
breakfast (urghz)
shower
brush teeth
get dressed
make lunch
pack bag
leave to walk to skool
wake up
get dressed
eat breakfast
brush teeth
pack bag 
leave to catch bus
(I have my showers at night xD )
let me see..
I wake up then stay in bed for an hour doing nothing.. after that its either i eat or shower.. I normally shower for a long time -.- then put on some clothes which takes 15 mins when i cant decide on anything =P it takes nearly an hour to fix my hair properly..

so much thats it =P
Wake up
Sneak to bathroom (Long Bath, Shave, Teeth, Hair)
Find Clothes and get dressed
Fire up my pc to check e-mail, FB, EP.
Practice songs on guitar.
Put my rock playlist on with full volume
Breakfast
Call up my friends.... then it depends if I meet my friends or not.... if not then I just play xbox and guitar all day long
I have like. Five daily rituals. 

It all depends on what I'm doing that day.
mine is pretty much the same everyday
It all depends on what I'm doing
if i  concentate i can wiggle one ear.
and i can do allsorts of things with my fingers alot of ppl can't.

feel free to add your special talent. like dislokating your shoulder at will or making only your middle toe bend
i can move my nose like a bunny...LITERALLY like a bunny...the weird little wiggle up n down n stuff c:

n left pinky top part of it seems to bend backwards more than others O.o

n i can keep one eye looking straight while the other is looking to the side XD

n i can flip my eyelids over so they stay bent ^vv^
Awsome.  wish i could do the nose thing.
I can play with knives without getting cut. I'm litteraly just having wery calm hands and good eye-hand coordination, so I  never cut myself.
I can dislocate all my toes. ;l
When I was younger, my brother Brad would handcuff my hands behind my back and I could bring my hands and arms all the way over my head with the cuffs still on. I can't do it anymore because it hurts. I was also able to squeeze my eyes so they bled a little and I can make my face get insanely read. Funny story with that. One time in fourth grade I was showing off my face-reddening trick and I passed out for I don't know how long and when I woke up my nose hurt and a bunch of people, students and teachers, were dancing in the hall and soon after I went out there, they finished. No one told me what was going on even though I asked a bunch of times. I can also do some really other creepy stuff like make myself get goosebumps randomly and sometimes I get premonitions. In fifth grade there were two, right after each other. Katie was drawing a heart for here father and i remember seeing it the day before or so but when I asked here if she had drawn it before, she said he hadn't and then there was a premonition about the pizza party that was happening at the same time as the drawing and I don't really recall what it was of, but I know there was one. Wow, this is a long reply.
WoW. awsomee . these are the things that make us all unique and special.
I dont have any weird tricks sadface
I don't know, really
lolz I can do this weird eye thing lolz
I can dislocate my knee
Do you guys like zombie boy? :3 I LOVE HIM!!!!
i hav no idea wat that is O.o
who is zombie boy? O_o
Ummm ... Tell me who is zombi boy?
yeahhh i want to know now who is this Zombie boy?
zombie boy!
HOLYSHIT THAT IS AWESOME ARE THOSE TATTOOS?!!!?!
haha lookz pretty cool but still dont get who he is xD
AAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Omg i watched project x today and i want to do my own project x ... I'll call it... PROJECT  XX  fuckyeah.!!
oh my goshh thats genius...IM IN!
Mwahahahahaha double fail on post ^^
sounds legit, Im in
hahaha yeah sounds intresting
Wait, what?
lolz what?
LOST

YET AGAIN
Gummy bear doozly drop
drop that lie "ow, its hot!"
haha see? i told so!
creepy moose, ah it glows!
This makes no sense
yes i know'
but thats always the way to go!
Miffy muffy meeple
smile it confuses people!!!



no clue what just happened up there *-*
haha lol O.o
haha that is what happens to my brain at one oclock in the morning 0-0
its weird but coolies xD
haha cool xD
I'm so lost
your always lost? O_o
I KNOW XD
I'm writing a comic called Van Helsing. I just want to know if anyone would want to read it. Here's the description: Theodore Van Helsing is a dark mysterious man who lives in an old mansion abandoned by his father, the famous vampire slayer. He has been trying to conceal his family's past by avoiding any social interactions. But when a suicious man moves into the quiet town, he starts to investigate the disappearances of the townspeople. The only person that won't come out to talk is Mr. Vladmire Dracula.    Thanks for reading. ~Lyn-Z 
I would gladly read it :3 sounds intresting, good luck with it
Sounds cool. I'm in.
Cool

Mhmm
I was reading one of my favorite books the other day, and this part i thought was awesome O__O sorry for the long chunk of text. From Silence...  He closed the distance between us, and just when I thought he'd drawn me against him, he stopped, holding  himself in check. I exhaled, trying not to cry. He leaned his elbow on the doorjamb, just above my ear. He smelled so devastatingly familiar, soap and spice, the heady scent bringing back a rush of memories so pleasurable, it only made the current moment that much more difficult to bear. I was seized by the desire to touch him. To trace my hands over his skin, to feel his arms tighten securely around me. I wanted him to nuzzle my neck, his whisper to tickle my ear as he said private words that belonged only to me. I wanted him near, so near, with no thought of letting go. "This isn't over," I said. "After everything we've been through, you don't get the right to brush me off. I'm not letting you off that easily." I wasn't sure if it was a threat, my last stab at defiance, or irrational words spoken straight from my splintered heart. "I want to protect you," Patch said quietly. He stood so close. All strength and heat and silent power. I couldn't escape him, now or ever.He'd always be there, consuming my every thought, my heart locked in his hands; I was drawnto him by forces I couldn't control, let alone escape. "But you didn't." you dont have to agree, but what are your favorite book and or movie lines?
ums...idk...
but i love the book The Host 
n the Downside Ghosts series (i think thats wat theyre called)
lolz mine are the same as chelza but including the wicked lovely series as well
The Fallen series too
...ums...
yeah...
the blue girl by charles de lint is 1 of my favs
IDK

I loved Flowers for Algernon though :3
lolz umms yeah
Have you read it Ash?
Dont you just hate it when people wake you up when youre having the best dreamor sleep of your life? its very irritating and it gets you even more pissed when they wake youup to tell you something ridiculous and not even worth hearing at that hour of the morning.I bet that has happened to every one and i bet that everyone hated itand the worst part is when they tell you what they wanna say you cant go back to sleepor continue your wonderful dream which is something that sucks ass %100
Ikr! Ugh i dunno why ppl do that it pisses me off cuz i kno i might never dream dat exact same thing again
OMG I KNOWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!URGHZ! its like PISS OFFF THAT DREAM WAS AMAZING! now you just ruined it! ..
lolz
lmao, right? "ARGH, come on mom, yes, the fucking dress makes you look fat...can I sleep now?"
hahaha I know aye its really annoying....
YES

I was finally getting sleep from endless rehearsals and gigs (not to mention babysitting three brats who I love but still. BRATS)

And my bassist decides to come into my room and scream at the top of his lungs

The damn bastard was punched in the gut
Don't you hate when you're typing and you mess up lide thsi?
Yersh.
I HATE
I hate it but i type fast enough to correct it with only seconds of lost time.
Yeah, I know the feeling

The thing is I don't notice much until it is unfixable
hate is a strong word
Yeah, but sometimes "dislike very much" is too weak a phrase.
typos are my pet peeve. like i dont even know if i spelled that right. i typed up this paper and almost got a perfect score...but there were a shitloadof typos O-o
I HATE TYPOS .
What's your fav' guitar style/ brand and what is the best amp ?

I love BC RICH WARBEAST,  I just cannot get my eyes of that guitar, also I'm in love with line 6 spider4 modelling amps but I really want a bugera tube amp ^^
					
					

Jackson and ESP for me.. I just put a deposit down on a Jackson Rhaods And I will eventually save up for a KH-202 My face amps would still have to be Marshall amps.
I want a guitar lolz havent got one...
^what she said...lawl
I'd say everyone should try playing an instrument, Its very entertaining, there is always something to do and there are lots of songs to cover and make.
I agree. I play too many instruments, some say :3

I love playing things though

I WANT A CELLO D;

MY OWN
I would save my phone and laptop.
Family picture album and home video tapes
My phone and nice clothes xD
Clothes and my dildo... DUHHH!!!  
HAHAHA joey
Kindle Fire and my Death Note(yes i actually have one. Its awesome!)
Planning on burning your house down?
Laptop and my Dobby poster.
Laptop and my camera
iPod and favorite plush animal
my guitar and money.....my mum and dad are more likely to save themselves.....
my fone n my whole closet of clothes ^vv^
hahaha good luck with that chelza xD
my phone and guitar:P
my phone and laptop as well.
no im not planing to burn my house down lolol
are you sure? lolz
I'm Sure
Hahaha okayyy  if you say so xD
i will carry all my cuboards n stuff out the dooor xD
wiv fone in meh mouth, n maybe stuff all meh art stuff in the cuboards as well xD
I would save my two dogs!!! My welsh corgi named Lowboy, an my other dog who's a mix of different breeds of dogs named Zeek I love them, but if my family members was here I'd save them... Yea
Girlfriend and money.
My house

Oh yeah, and myself. 

That's two things, right?
ps3 and tv
Eh. I'd probably save my animals. 

Does everything living already make it out?

Or is that cheating?
lolz I dont have any pets so no worries bout that xD
The teddy bear my fiance gave me for my birthday two years ago, and our picture of us together.
Awwwweeeeeee :3 KAWAII
Post good horror animes here plz.
Preferably ones from this year.
Ill start - Deadman Wonderland
I dont know any O_O not new ones anyway sadface
no biggie 
if you like horror and gory anime Deadman Wonderland is a great pick
Deadman wonderland is one of my FAV! Did you watch Higurashi or Umineko? I know these are old, but somehow they are classic. Oh, and Another (anime) is good.
Yea i have  
i also loved High School Of The Dead
haha any other good ones?
Fairy Tail
If you are going for gore animes then I'd say:

Mirai Nikki
Monster
Kara no kyoukai
paranoia agent
Boogiepop Phantom
Higurashi No Naku Koro ni
Umineko No Naku Koro ni
Baccano!
Deadman Wonderland
Armed Librarians: The Book of Bantorra
Shigurui:Death Frenzy
Ghost Hunt
Claymore
Speed Grapher
Berserk
Basilisk
Jigoku Shoujo 
Mnemosyne
Nice list i loved claymore  it was great
i'm going to have to make a list for the movie store :3
lolz have fun with that Amii
Agreed hmm
Another is an awesome horror anime. Very graphic, too.
xD
just wondering  xD
it was my birthday and i went to school. second periode ended and my ex comes running twords basically jumped into my lap, with a box of chocolates and a flower, gives me the box of chocolates and flower, wishes me a happy birthday and hugs me again and walks away. and im wondering what the fuck happened.

Anyone wanna explain to me why she did that??
My teacher told me I was Darth Vader's daughter. Today I don't find it wierd at all.
it was my birthday and i went to school. second periode ended and my ex comes running twords basically jumped into my lap, with a box of chocolates and a flower, gives me the box of chocolates and flower, wishes me a happy birthday and hugs me again and walks away. and im wondering what the fuck happened.Anyone wanna explain to me why she did that??she just comes to say happy b-day?idk maybe bcause  it was ur b-day ? x
My teacher told me I was Darth Vader's daughter. Today I don't find it wierd at all.bleh teachers .
lolol xD 
mine was... yesterday... 
i talk to everybody.. but i didn't know them... i fall... ehh yea weird momentz
a guy at skool randomly came up to me n asked if i wanted a lick of his ice cream...he licked all ova it first n handed it to me...lol
i just walked away like wtf...

i didnt even kno the dude...never even seen him before...


also been beeped at winked at n tongue poked out at n smirked at n smiled at n stared at from guys in their cars as they drove past me wen i was walking home :/
					
					

weird  x
trolol all the guys at school are weird chelza,
everybody is weird  on there own way lololol xD
Let me preface this story by saying that as a teen, I was not the dating type. I was just a little bit guy-phobic and preferred to stick to girl friends.
My close friends at the time, Cat and Holly, decided that this was just not the way to be, and set up a kind of group date situation shortly after my 17th birthday when the weather warmed up. They gathered up some alcohol, a date, and me, and brought us all together at Cat's house. Then they sneakily went off to do something, and I was left alone with Jack, a guy I imagine Cat found in a sewer somewhere.

Jack seemed ok at first, a little perverted and kind of a dork, but not bad looking or horrible company. We were sitting out on the porch trading bad jokes and drinking. And then he pulled one of those mood swings that always gives me a sinking feeling. He stopped smiling and put on a very serious expression and stared at a point somewhere over my left shoulder.
"It's here," he said.

Bewildered but shy, I went along with him when he suggested I move beside him. He pulled off his white t-shirt, pulled out a black t-shirt from his pack, and put that on. Then he informed me, or perhaps his ghost, that he was going to perform a spell of protection, and pulled out a notebook. It was, I kid you not, a black book with a rubber skull on the front and Book of Spells scribbled across the bottom in silver ink. He opened to a random page, put his hand on it, and took on an expression I'm sure he thought meant determination but looked rather more like constipation and started chanting under his breath. My friends showed up at this point to check on us, to my great relief.

He finished his "spell" then explained to us, very seriously, that there was a very dangerous ghost following him. He found it in an old shed in an abandoned field where a man had hung himself. He had been drawn to it because of the strong psychic energy and the guidance of the Goddess, or something. Back when he found it, he told us seriously, it threw him across the room and nearly killed him, and he just barely managed to escape by using his magic, but since then it's been following him around.

I, feeling more and more nervous about this guy, wasn't sure if he was joking and so made some kind of mumbled noise of sympathy. It didn't matter. I don't think he remembered I was there. Cat was looking at him like he was a god, and started going on about how brave he was, and all his attention went straight to her. I avoided Holly's eyes because I so desperately wanted to laugh and wasn't sure I could hold it in much longer, and I could tell she was having the same problem, and neither of us wanted to hurt Cat's feelings. We excused ourselves to go to the bathroom, and had a good laugh in privacy. When we got back, they were off in their own world.
Eventually, before any of us had realized it, Jack had polished off most of the beer and needed to go home, and I escaped with my sanity and a stronger determination to pick my own boyfriends. And since then. I turn down any emo/vampire/darkness obssessed dates. Sorry to say but that was too fucking weird for me.
haha yeahhh
LOLOLOLOL NICE XDDD

When I was hanging out with a boyfriend, my recent ex knocked on my door.
lolz funny xD
6th grade. Oh, the humanity... I got my hair cut just above shoulder-length short - thought I'd try a new style for once. It was all spikey at the ends, plus I had gotten contacts before my first day back at school. And my fashion style never was the greatest during elementary and middle school, but dammit, PEOPLE DIDN'T HAVE TO SAY THEY THOUGHT I WAS A NEW TEACHER! TT_TT And these were kids that had been going to school with me since kindergarten and they couldn't recognize me!? X_x Ugh... I feel too old for my age.
The day my step grandfather asked my (at the time, now ex) boyfriend if he was gay.
what stupid things have you done/still doing that you regret



ill start:

starting self harm
so what things have you done that you regret ??????
i kinda regret dating my BF i thought we where perfect and after all the pain he brought and how much i believed he would change he didn't and a 2 year relationship cant be broken with a  snap
I regret a few things... My "rebellious stage" where I did things that got me into a lot of trouble from the police. Took me a few years to calm down and realise. But I can never undo what is done.
i havnt really done stupid things, beside the stupid things that r silly 
lol idk...
lolz yeah most of the ones you done are just silly very silly xD
I suppose it would get off into a too depression state if explain everything stupid that I've done but some of the ones I regret are... Letting my girlfriend go back home after a fight. Demading my dad take me out of a mental ward. And telling my girlfriend that she wouldn't live up to what she wanted to be that it would only make her worse.
					
					

There is quite a few things

But do to the fact that I don't want to be sad, I'll only name this

Jumping off a roof onto a trampoline into a pool.

The pool was only four feet

And it wasn't full.
. . .  jumping off a tree house onto a tramploine and over the fence... Checkmate!
NICE XDD

But mine still wins
Nup mine does xD *throws water balloon at your face*
I regret doing self harm to myself now i can mever erase the scars i caused oh and i regret my life
*tackles Matt*

I regret a lot of things.
I have a slinky. It's a rainbow one. I can fit it over my head and there is still room. 

IT'S HUGE

Slinkies are like some people xDDD

They're pointless, yet entertaining to watch when you push them down the stairs.
whaaaaaaa I used to have one!! xD it would always get tangled though :/
i used to hav a metal one xD
I love slinkies 
I GOT A NEW ONE..its purple  now i have...uhmmm...10? XDD
i havent had one in ages
-gives you one of my slinkies- i dont even know why i have so many...
Slinkies are awesome!!   I had lots of them and I have a tiny one that fits like a ring xD.
I freaking LOVE slinkies. 

ALthough I think mine is a bit too big ;D
i want one nowz :/
XD I'll ship you one ;D
haha lol xD
GOOOO SLINKIES
i hate it wen they get tangled .
So do I!

MY LITTLE COUSINS THOSE WHORES TANGLED MINE D;
I wonder how many ppl on here are cops searching for pedophiles. O.o what do you pplz think?
wow ive actually neva thought of it O.o
Lol. A lot of profiles on the internet are undercover cops.
Thats kinda creepy...wat happens if theyre the pervs? O.o
Lol
Well that if what the undercover cops are for. They have online profiles to catch the pervs and pedos.
ha kinda coolies thou
Thanks, Wolfe for that. 

I hope you don't read this in time so I can punch the crap out of your arm tomorrow.
WHO's your favorite? 
and before you start....
batman and iron man. 
okaay....GO!
hahaha xD does Domo and Gloomy bear count? ^vv^
Batman, Robin, Catwoman, Captain America, and ME
It used to be Captain America, until I realised he looked exactly like my Maths teacher.
easy... spiderman and thor
i just wanted to say....

I HATE BATMAN! KILL HIM! 

that is all.
i would say Daredevil xD hes blind and still can kick ass ^-^
spider man and bat man
BATMAN IS TOO AWESOME TO KILL .___.
Nuh uh Superman is better than Batman
Superman is the only hero where hs is really Superman and his alter-ego is a normal person
batman or Rainbow Dash
Idk if they count as superheroes but The Doctor from Doctor Who and Sam, Dean, and Castiel from Supernatural. I think they should count, they all saved the world numereous times
Meltman
with the power to...Melt!
Batman :3
Ash from Pokemon lolz does that even count? xD
Spiderman ^ ^
BATMAN AND DAREDEVIL!!
Eric draven from The Crow. Best looking...Best back story, best soundtrack, best looking.... best looking.... okay I don't have anything else....
I'd probably say Rorschach but I don't know if he'd really class as a superhero... He's awesome either way.
ash from pokemon should count...and BATMAN OVERPOWERS ALL!!!
agreed hmm
One word - Deadpool.
agreed
daredevil pre coolies
MEH XD
Does anyone else think Shirtless emo pineapples are smexy? xD
yeps ^vv^
smxiness smxiest of them all
lolz:).....emo pineapples?????....awesome!
hahaha yes x3

very smexy shirtless emo pineapplees are
yea emo pineaples xD
Hahahaha yeah!!!
havnt had pineapple in a while :/
Same :/  I feel like pineapples now
YAY!!!! *noms on pineapple* :3
I don't like pineapples
I wanna see one of these emo pineapples.....
haha yeah x3

AMII why you no like pineapples? :c
O_O why she don't like it
No idea O_O
O_O that's awww
haha Pineapples :3
coolkies
They ewwie to me

COOKIE WHERE
:c

I ate it :3
I ATE ALL THE PINEAPPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!MWAHAHAHAHAHA MWAHAHAHAHAHA MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAI EATED IT ALL UPS!
Broccoli.
^ i like brocolli xD
Pineapples :3 we ate all the pineapples at the party xD
Ewwww .
PEOPLE WE NEED TO STEP BACK INTO THE GAME!! The forums aren't like what they used to be. What happened everyone? 

Come on, we can do this! Let's post and post and post and post and post and post. 

Maybe I'll even paint my arms black for everyone! But people need to post more before I consider it XD
Hahaha Yeah I know aye Amii!!!! like I post and post and post but no not many others do!!  we need to step it up!!
trololol paint ur arm black xDDD
I will paint it black if the posting steps up!
I vote every post should be an extra inch of blackness c:
LMFAO XDDD More like every 100 posts!! XD
Hahahaha xD that would be a sight to see trolol
XD wEll, People need to step up. 

Do I need to set standards?
trololol hey you cant complain I post regularly
I mean everyone else. There's not even a handful of people that post often
lolz what you saying? that Im the only person who posts regulary?
Actually, yes. You are one of the few people. I mean, look at everyone that has made an account here. 

Then look at how many accounts are inactive. 

THEN LOOK AT PEOPLE'S POSTS .
Oh my God. People are posting like crazy!

Tell me what day to paint my arms.
LOL.
Ugh. I don't want to, but I must. SO LONG TO SCRUB OFF XDD
you're the one who said you would D: lol PAINT THEM ARMS GUUUUURL XDDD
XDD I will... Eventually. 

Someone give me a date as to where everyone can see. No pics, just TC
xD trolol I keep on posting
I know you do!!!!
You post a lot. 

You should have painted your arms a long time ago

DON'T KEEP PEOPLE WAITING
BUT BUT BUT BUT BUT NO ONE GIVE DATE .
Paint today!!!! 27/7/2012!!!!!!!!!!
lolz I will get first place eventually xD
Lawl. 

And I will, eventually. 

I know Snow wants to see me do it again, so maybe tomorrow. 

HE BETTER BE ONLINE AND IN TC OR I'LL NEVER SHOW MY KITTIES TO HIM AGAIN

Lawl
LOLZ xD its 27 today though like right NOW AMII xD you have to take photos cause I wont be on tomorrow lolz

and have fun catching up to my 4,970 posts xD
Lawl. Nope. Tomorrow ;DDDDD

And I'LL TRY JUST

Stop posting. For like. A day.

Or a year. 

But at least a day :3
lolz no TODAY ;DD you said give a date and I give you the 27/7 and that is today!!!!

who should stop posting for a day? xD lolz

yeah you try
IT'S NOT THE 27TH YET HERE SO HAHA

And you ;DDDDDDD

I SHALL TRY
Hahaha well it is the  27th here!!!!

;DD yeps 

hahaha you do that Im not on on weekends anymore well not much anymore so thats two days xD
I'M TRYING OKAY
DON'T MAKE ME FEEL LIKE A LOSER GAWSH

Lawl
PEOPLE STOPPED POSTING FOR A WHILE

AND SNOW REFUSED TO TELL ME WHEN I SHOULD PAINT MY ARMS 
lolz
So. I painted my arm. 

AND ALL OF YOU MISSED IT
Neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh neh 

YOU'VE BEEN SPAMMED


My friend does this to me all the time. 

Although there is usually a message in there. 

DO you like to spam ur friends? ;D
Trololol yeah xD sometimes if Im really really bored XD
omg spam xD  trololol i love spam and stalking trololol you know xD
I know you love to spam me

SPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAM
SPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAM
SPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAM
SPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAM
LOL
heya guys, you probably dont know me but i'm rhiannon and thats my point i dont know about any of yous but i came here to make friends with people who have similar interests to me, yet i havent met a single one of you, we all chat online but as soon as we log off we are all seperate again so i'm thinking it'd be nice to have some meet ups for everyone in various places, i'm from england so maybe a meet up in london would be good for all those who live near enough to travel, like americans can do the same for there states or something- i just think it'd be nice to actually chat to you guys- cos you all seem a prtty cool lot :D xx
Hmm... sounds like a pretty good idea except it could be dangerous sometimes. :/
True it does sound dangerous.
I can't express enough how dangerous this is. While this is a site for teenagers, and we work hard to make sure that predators are not on it, it is still dangerous to be arranging these types of things/giving out personal information out in public like this. If you'd like to give out personal information or anything like that please do so in the PM's and only to people you know are REAL and trustworthy. There are a lot of fakes that pass through here, as I'm sure you know, and they're awfully deceptive. I understand what you're trying to do here but please, for your safety, be very careful of these types of things.

And again, if you'd like to arrange something, please do so in private messages and only those you know for %100 are real and trustworthy.
well before I say goodbye Id like to mention a few note worthy characters on this site that I'll always treasure in my heart. Firstly a girl by the name of Pretty Pixxie, secondly Id like to mention AwesomeAmber who will always have my friendship. Also Celeste and Monkey Sam, Emogotchi Tommy. all of you were spiffilicious xD. Id also will take time out and say Kieth and dear ol forgotten Kira. last but certaintly not least id like to say goodbye to Mr. Scribe good luck friend.

WELLLLL ive seen good bad times all sorts of times each and all precious but just like the change I think its time for me to slip away into eons of history. i hardly think Ill be remebered but it really doesnt matter.

goodbye emopuddle
goodbye old friends
Good luck and stay safe in your occupation.

Also when you're done serving have an awesome life.
Bye
Bye byeeeeeee take care
Farewell
*waves*
I think it's a very undescribable feeling... Theres too many emotions to even know how to say what they are like
happy
I would describe love as an intense admiration towards someone or something. It feels like you cannot live without them or it and if they or it leave, you wouldn't want to live anymore. That's how I'd describe love.
It's just liking someone a lot, I'm sorry but I'm a firm believer that people over-dramatise it and make it out to be some deep, amazing thing when really it's plain and simple, you like someone a lot, or more specifically, you like someone more than you've ever liked someone before - though that's pretty easy to achieve when you're young and why I don't encourage young people to claim it.

Liking someone more than say... 20 years worth of dating people is one thing, liking someone more than anyone when you've only had a few ex's... not difficult to achieve.
sad
hurtful
strange
weird
dreaming
giggles
cries
sticking with someone through the tough and happy times always being there for that person and being happy merely by seeing them or hearing from them
Stronger feelings for someone than anyone else
feeling protective of someone close to you, not liking when they talk to someone of different or same gender, wanting their attention, feeling happy around them Idk lolz
my code is 1161-0214-2576
nope sorryyyy
Nope
My mailman is such an asshole. In a job renowned for attracting surly, unstable types, he is the prototype. Granted, being an American mailman in the midst of Summer is nobody's idea of fun, but hey, I didn't force him to take the frigging job.
Despite my "no flyers please" sign on my door, he regularly shoves forests full of junk mail through the slot. This alone would be annoying enough but last week, he pissed me off so much that I've been plotting my revenge ever since. (Let's just all agree from the get go that I have way too much time on my hands.)

I had just left the house early one afternoon when I saw him approach. I had been waiting for a certain piece of mail (no, not my pogey cheque) and was anxious to see if it had arrived. I said "Hi. Lousy weather. May I get those from you please?" and stood there smiling with my hand out. He shot me a foul look and said nothing, then shoved past me and pushed my mail through the slot. Then, with one more filthy glance at me, he turned and walked away.

Hello?? Does the term "public servant" mean anything to you?

I briefly considered buying a big nasty dog, but then hit on a much more elegant (and low maintenance) plan.

I'm sure all users of the internet are familiar with those "freebie" sites you send in your mailing address to various manufacturers and they send you free samples of their products. That night (insomnia again), I hit the net. I must have signed up for 400 offers -- everything from free tampons to rolls of free toilet paper and free packs of diapers (which I plan to donate to the shelter). I was online for HOURS.

Today, as I glanced out my front window (OK I was laying in wait, I admit it), I was gratified to see him staggering towards the house with an armful of unwieldy packages and oversized envelopes. I slipped out the front door just as he reached it. He glared at me, grunted and said "Here -- take these" -- and offered me the lot. "Oh just stick them through the door" I replied breezily as I skipped down the road, cackling evilly all the while. It must've have taken him 5 minutes to deliver it all . I could hear him cursing from the corner.

I figure about 3 more months of this should teach him to mind his manners.
How someone can be so filled with rage, I will never know.
One time I was watching a movie and some guy's phone went off so I went outside and came back with an assault rifle and starting firing at everyone at the theater. That will teach him to be courteous and turn his phone off during the movie.
If you made my job harder than it already was, I would rape you mercilessly.
					
					

Spare me the verbal diarrhea, I've let the mailman step on my toes too many times, these toes didn't have to belong to the foot that was gonna kick his ass later. This only happened because he was taking his insecurities out on me. He got what was coming to him.
Spare me the verbal diarrhea, I've let the mailman step on my toes too many times, these toes didn't have to belong to the foot that was gonna kick his ass later. This only happened because he was taking his insecurities out on me. He got what was coming to him.I wonder what other fallacies you justify with blind indifference and scorn. You sure you're the right person to talk about externalizing one's insecurities? Talk about casting stones in glass houses...
Thou art a blithering ragamuffin, a bounder and a rapscallion of the highest degree. Thou art a pimple on the buttock of the universe, and I henceforth call into question the sexuality of thy father, thou buffoon.
One time I was watching a movie and some guy's phone went off so I went outside and came back with an assault rifle and starting firing at everyone at the theater. That will teach him to be courteous and turn his phone off during the movie.GOD BLESS AMERICA!And actually, this is rather funny. I would have laughed with ya girl.My mailperson is awesome! :3
Dear newbie that registred just to comment on me.....  Your approval need not apply. You are a puss filled wart on the armpit of society. You are a verruca on the little toe of civilization. Everything about you screams out "I AM THE WORST HUMAN BEING THAT HAS EVER EXISTED", but to give you that title would be to give you more credit than you deserve. You are not the worst any more than you are the best.

You are not even IN the human race. You are nothing. Nobody. Your life has no meaning and no relevance to me. You are noticed by me in the same way a slug is noticed by a man who has just nearly trodden on it. You do not even have the distinction of ruining that man's day. All the attention you get from the rest of intelligent life is a thought like "Oh. Well, never mind." A single, empty thought, and then you are gone. Forgotten. Lost.

Your life will not even be recorded as the low point of human existence. Your life will simply not be recorded. Any endeavor you make will go unnoticed by the rest of the universe. You are a fly. You are less than dirt. Dirt has a function. You do not. Even a stopped clock shows the correct time twice a day. You cannot even claim to have this much potential for success with the entire span of your life. You are a dead bird, rotting and festering and covered in maggots, lying alone in a dark, abandoned gutter where no one will see you and no one will miss you. You are the very opposite of hope, success and progress. You are nothing.

-Have a pleasent day.
My mailman is such an asshole. In a job renowned for attracting surly, unstable types, he is the prototype. Granted, being an American mailman in the midst of Summer is nobody's idea of fun, but hey, I didn't force him to take the frigging job.Despite my "no flyers please" sign on my door, he regularly shoves forests full of junk mail through the slot. This alone would be annoying enough but last week, he pissed me off so much that I've been plotting my revenge ever since. (Let's just all agree from the get go that I have way too much time on my hands.)I had just left the house early one afternoon when I saw him approach. I had been waiting for a certain piece of mail (no, not my pogey cheque) and was anxious to see if it had arrived. I said "Hi. Lousy weather. May I get those from you please?" and stood there smiling with my hand out. He shot me a foul look and said nothing, then shoved past me and pushed my mail through the slot. Then, with one more filthy glance at me, he turned and walked away.Hello?? Does the term "public servant" mean anything to you?I briefly considered buying a big nasty dog, but then hit on a much more elegant (and low maintenance) plan.I'm sure all users of the internet are familiar with those "freebie" sites you send in your mailing address to various manufacturers and they send you free samples of their products. That night (insomnia again), I hit the net. I must have signed up for 400 offers -- everything from free tampons to rolls of free toilet paper and free packs of diapers (which I plan to donate to the shelter). I was online for HOURS.Today, as I glanced out my front window (OK I was laying in wait, I admit it), I was gratified to see him staggering towards the house with an armful of unwieldy packages and oversized envelopes. I slipped out the front door just as he reached it. He glared at me, grunted and said "Here -- take these" -- and offered me the lot. "Oh just stick them through the door" I replied breezily as I skipped down the road, cackling evilly all the while. It must've have taken him 5 minutes to deliver it all . I could hear him cursing from the corner.I figure about 3 more months of this should teach him to mind his manners. I think it's a really good plan and funny to
Dear newbie that registred just to comment on me.....  Your approval need not apply. You are a puss filled wart on the armpit of society. You are a verruca on the little toe of civilization. Everything about you screams out "I AM THE WORST HUMAN BEING THAT HAS EVER EXISTED", but to give you that title would be to give you more credit than you deserve. You are not the worst any more than you are the best.You are not even IN the human race. You are nothing. Nobody. Your life has no meaning and no relevance to me. You are noticed by me in the same way a slug is noticed by a man who has just nearly trodden on it. You do not even have the distinction of ruining that man's day. All the attention you get from the rest of intelligent life is a thought like "Oh. Well, never mind." A single, empty thought, and then you are gone. Forgotten. Lost.Your life will not even be recorded as the low point of human existence. Your life will simply not be recorded. Any endeavor you make will go unnoticed by the rest of the universe. You are a fly. You are less than dirt. Dirt has a function. You do not. Even a stopped clock shows the correct time twice a day. You cannot even claim to have this much potential for success with the entire span of your life. You are a dead bird, rotting and festering and covered in maggots, lying alone in a dark, abandoned gutter where no one will see you and no one will miss you. You are the very opposite of hope, success and progress. You are nothing.-Have a pleasent day.Well I'm just going to assume this is directed toward me, as you provided no name, merely the term 'newbie'.First of all, do your research. If you had actually bothered to look at my profile, you would see I created this account quite a while ago, and used a different account before this one. So for starters, you are severely misinformed.Secondly, you make the statement that I 'Am not in the human race' while the human race has its problems, I still consider myself part of it, and the fact that humanity is the only sentient and intelligent race, able to use a computer, it should be obvious I am human.Thirdly, you seem to act like you do not care about what I have said, while you obviously do. You use the phrase 'Oh. Well never mind' If this was truly what you thought, you would not have reacted in the way you did.Lastly, I find it ironic the way you talk about my life having no significance, and the fact that my life will go unrecorded et cetera, et cetera, while all the time failing to realise the same could be said of you. You have contributed nothing to society.Now we've cleared all that up, let me just say I find it pathetic how you obviously try so hard to seem intelligent in your posts, yet do nothing but prove yourself to be a moron over and over. If you want my advice, hammer a nail into a wall backwards, then slam your head into it. Then proceed to repeat this infinita temporum.

xD nice one shawn :3
Dear newbie that registred just to comment on me.....  Your approval need not apply. You are a puss filled wart on the armpit of society. You are a verruca on the little toe of civilization. Everything about you screams out "I AM THE WORST HUMAN BEING THAT HAS EVER EXISTED", but to give you that title would be to give you more credit than you deserve. You are not the worst any more than you are the best.You are not even IN the human race. You are nothing. Nobody. Your life has no meaning and no relevance to me. You are noticed by me in the same way a slug is noticed by a man who has just nearly trodden on it. You do not even have the distinction of ruining that man's day. All the attention you get from the rest of intelligent life is a thought like "Oh. Well, never mind." A single, empty thought, and then you are gone. Forgotten. Lost.Your life will not even be recorded as the low point of human existence. Your life will simply not be recorded. Any endeavor you make will go unnoticed by the rest of the universe. You are a fly. You are less than dirt. Dirt has a function. You do not. Even a stopped clock shows the correct time twice a day. You cannot even claim to have this much potential for success with the entire span of your life. You are a dead bird, rotting and festering and covered in maggots, lying alone in a dark, abandoned gutter where no one will see you and no one will miss you. You are the very opposite of hope, success and progress. You are nothing.-Have a pleasent day.Here. Have a corny image.
Let's just agree with Dad. 

It's something that can be taken as funny or insane. Or other things in between BESIDES THE POINT

Just read.
I seriously do not even....
I hate touchscreen keyboards. i make like a million more typos now than with a regular keyboard. typing this took me twice as long as it should cuz i had to fix all the errors. maybe i just suck at using this thing lol
Trust me I know the feeling.
yep its much easier with a keyboard
Ironically, I'm using one right now, to type this, in fact. Damn, my neck hurts, this is a bad angle...oiy. Yeah, and I'm pretty sure the touchscreens hate you too XP.
eh i dont mind it xD
ehh they are okay xD
i got a touich fone n i txt a lot so im used to it xD
lolz yeah I got a touch phone now xD
I have a Blackberry

Bro. Just no.
i just have a phone with a keyboard AND a touchscreen c: both are equally annoying in my opinion
when grading in the usa they use
A
B
C
D
F
think of all the cuss words and corrispond them with letter grades
there are no cuss words that start with E
just something i noticed the other day
kinda interesting:P
haha thats true xD
at my school they actually use A B C D E. its weird .
true: D
lmao if you have good grades ur an ass
then you dont do assignments or study ur fucked
im ussally damned
haha yay someone noticed too hehe XD XD XD XD
lol @gabbitheawesome
hey thats true! i wonder why A, B, C, D, and F. What happened to the E?
.
wow haha I never noticed that till now x3
at my school, they use the E....so if you're failing, your EXCELLENT!! but as of nt im a ass.....i should fail more
lol
XD
at my school, they use the E....so if you're failing, your EXCELLENT!! but as of nt im a ass.....i should fail more lolz xD
I noticed that! XD
I cant believe it took me a while to notice xD
They use A, B, C, D, E, H
H? O-o da fuuq?
Whats your fave flavour??
Cookies n' creme, chocolate, cookie dough, vanilla, and blueberry cheesecake
blueberry cheesecake 
cookie dough 
i wanna try them...
You should  they are the best flavors you could ever taste
Rum n Raisin, Cookies and Cream, ummm anything that is ice cream really xD
strawberry c:
cookie dough and mint
i luv cookies n cream, rum n raisan, boisenberry, choc mint n ov cors choc XD
oh and cant forget Napolian xD
meh i dont like that one that much...its just meh
lolz xD

they should make a blood flavoured ice cream O_O
Mint chocolate chip or peanutbutter!
YUMMYY!!! I want ice cream now xD
I feel like some sorbet ice cream atm :/
yeah that would be awesome.... FRIED ICE CREAM!!!!!!!
yes very nummy XD
SKITTLE ICE CREAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
HAHA LOL
FAIRY FLOSS ICE CREAM
PINEAPPLE~!!!!! MANGO~!!!! FLAVOUR ICE CREAM!!!!
RAINBOW ICE CREAM ^vv^
spider ice cream ^.^
Kahlua chip
nutter butter
twixx fixx
mississippi mud
omg i want ice cream O_o xD
I'm more toward italian ice and natural fruit popsicles like mango and pomegranite. I love the natural strawberry ones most. you can see and  taste the actually strawberry seeds in it.
Blueberry Icecream
Chocolate mixed with Mango.
Raspberry.
And any sour flavour
sour ice cream????
OMG NEVER KNEW THERE WERE SOUR FLAVOURS!!
are there really sour flavours?? O_O
EVERYTHING GOODIES
Candyfloss ice cream
cold rock ice cream!!!
honeycomb
ice cream ;D lol
chocolate ice cream and reese's peanut butter cup ice cream
CARAMEL ICE CREAM
most ice cream is goodie xD
My throat hurts
You read the title. GUMMY WORMS RULEZZZZZZZ!!!!!!!!
Worms. Mmm...worms...

How To Eat Fried Gummy Worms?
Yay 4 WORMS!!!
worms?
Gummi bears with the liquid inside so when you bite their heads off they ooze
worms!
Gummy worms !!! The sour ones !
SOUR GUMMY WORMS RUUUUUULLLEEEEEEEZZZZZZZZZZZZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hell yeah they do !
Gummy Snakes! My grandma sends me Killer Pythons from australia every month
Killer Pythons = BIG ASS GUMMY SNAKE!
whats the difference? O_o
GUMMY BEARS ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!!!!!
i have an akward obsession with anything gummy so both XD
hahaha gummy bears they cuter xD
i love gummies
Sour gummy worms
^^^^^^^ wat she sed XD XD XD NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM
GUMMY WORMS!!!!!!!!
Gummy bear worms!!!!!!!!!!!
Gummy worms!!!!!
SOUR GUMMY WORMS XD
Oh I'm a gummy bear

Yes I'm a gummy bear

WAIT

DON'T EAT ME D;
ummmmmmmm all of them lolz xD I dont know O_o gummie bears lolz
chicos
coca cola bottles
milk bottles
skittles
MnMs
mentos
^ them too XD
oh and
clouds
Pineapples
sour straps
zombie chews
red skins
fantails...
jelly beans
SKITTLES AND TOXIC WASTE
OMGS
how did I forget fantails? xD
CandyCandyCAndyCandyCandy
Hahaha yeah alot of the time... my mum dont approve of half the clothes and shoes  I want so she wont get them for me .  so I just plan to buy them myself or give friends the money for them to get it for me xD
Doo it!

And get me the boots? D:
if it sumfin really expensive they wont get it .
or if its online
or sumfin they dont like .
I'll buy it for yhuu!!
A thong
Amii. I have no money

But if you get those boots, I'll steal and attack people for money to buy you new pair? :3

I just want concert tickets. But no one wants to take me. AMII TAKE ME TO ANOTHER CONCERT D:
You buy meh boots, I take you to concert :3

Again. 

JUST DON'T LEAVE ERIC AGAIN D;

Poor guy :C
You never taken me to a concert Amii :c
YOU'RE OVER 10,000 MILES AWAY HOW DO I?!?

D;

SHE LIVES LIKE

PRACTICALLY NEXT DOOR TO ME

And she's like my little sister :3
Never MOON a werewolf !!! - Anonymuswhen i first read this then i laughed so hard i almost chocked on my sandwich.
lolz xD
HAHAHAAAA!!!! That's freakin hilarious! XD
Wow  lol LMFAO!!!!  XD
Jajajajaja xD
Pineapples
O.o
hahahaha lol funny shit
Well then...
Android or AppStore?

sooo bored but yeah....i have a android phone n i think android is way better than the app store...
					
					

i dunno i don't use it
well if u decide to get a fone that has android or the app store, like iphones...go for android cuz u get more...half of the things that r free on android u hav to pay for on the appstore...
lolz I dont use either xD
theyre good xD
Omg yea they are so good xD
citron 
Berry!

I had like, ten yesterday. 

I'm on my second today ;D
HAAHAHAHAHAHAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!! OMG! I took one sip an I kept going from extremely hyper 2 extremely calm it was messing with my brain. Do not drink it if you have adhd. XD
Lawl, Wolfe. That's different. You're just fucked up ;DD

I'm never giving you a sip again
Oh well. it's probably for the best that shit 
fucks with your mind XD
Lawl, I know. 

It's sooo good. 

I want one now. 

You should walk here and buy me one ;D
Oh well. it's probably for the best that shit 
fucks with your mind XD
I did not mean to post again that was my phone 
being a derp.
Lawl, it's okay. 

You should though
Give me --' xD
I WANT ONE GAAAH
Me toooo DXXXX
This isn't fair

LET'S GO ROB THE COMPANY XDD
xD giv me
;DDD
giv me
I could use one... Three, right now
O_O GIVE ME PLEASE
lolz never seen or heard of them before xD
:-) = happy face
:-( = sad face
 = Voldemort
hahaha oh wow
I'm sorry, I'm completely lost. What does this mean?
he has no nose

:  ) see?
Lawl
he got no nose xD
ahahha omg xD
lolz xD someones parents took 'gotcha ya nose game' too seriously xD
Whats the most annoying viral video you ever seen?mine is this yet I find it funny
THE GUMMY BEAR SONG xD
Yes the gummy bear song, annoying and soon it will get stuck in ur head for like a year!
ohhh haha yes very xD
this song gets stuck in my head badly .
either this song:
oh god those two r annoying .
I use to watch this show alot when I was little, Hamtaro is so CUTE ^.^
So many videos -.-
haha lolz
haha they annoying xD
I don't i dont think id have the patience, if i wanted one i'd adopt them when they were about 16 . lol
Lol I do want kids but not much.....I do know that i want to adopt one. You know, to give one more child a happy home. Oh and when my kids are out of my house i'm going to foster LOTS of kids. I love them
i dont want any...if i end up having kids ill just hav 1
No way
no... I dont like it when kids cry...
Nope .
Idk. Kids annoy me a lot, like toddlers really annoy me. I would have 1 or 2 probably if I ever did have any.
I'm so mean to kids, yet they love me. 

Take my cousins. I push them, throw them around, take things from them, yet they always want to be around me. 

Not just family, friends or strangers alike. 


Maybe I'll just get a monkey. Close enough, right?
i'm new here....open to/looking for new friends.love music, books,candy,art,creeping the norms out(lol) and much more.i'm here if you need me=).
ello xD
Welcome
hi!!
Hi
Hiiii
HEY
Hai :3
How are you all? xD
hi!
Hey, shouldn't this be in the member introduction?

Eh, who cares? 

HAII!!!
lolz xD
Hi
what sup
?
ok so i really wanna kno what ppl lik....Unicorns or Pandas....just  say which one and why!!! :~)
UNICORNPANDAS!!!! xD
PANDAHHHHHHHHZZZZZZZ!!!!!!
my fav animal XD
cute n cuddling n adorable !!!
pandas
PANDAZZ!! I LOVE THEM!! THEY R SO CUTE AND OMG.... so yeah Pandas
Unicorns because there are no Pandas out there as cool as Twilight Sparkle haha. And unicorns just look cooler.
Pandas!!!!!!
Unicorns because there so fluffy XD
Maybe a panda if they made some kind of pokemon look-alike of it. xD
pandas because theylre cute and can tear someone's head off if they feel like it  and plus you only see unicorns when you're high soo....yuuus
Me and a friend had this fight a month ago..... But I say pandas 
Well it seems like its about even....everyone loves everything!!! 
Panda.
PANDA! cute and cuddling but very dangerous
how bout Pandas riding the unicorn? xD
Unicorns because there are no Pandas out there as cool as Twilight Sparkle haha. And unicorns just look cooler.Oh my god, you watch MLP too?
Tayla.... what is MLP?
yay! MLP! lolz, yeah I go with unicorns, they have so much cooler stuff i.e. Robot Unicorn Attack, MLP, Step Brothers (the unicorn shirt), etc etc..
I think that beats Kung Fu Panda (even tho its still a good movie).
Unicorns may be beastly, but I love my Panda Bear :3
pandas cause they are cute and furry
PANDAS!! cuz if I saw a unicorn I would shit myself.XD
U all fail because the correct answer was bunny.....lol jk there is no right answer....or is there o_0
Pandasssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Both. A pandacorn. Its cute, furry, cuddly and it can fly.
Hahaha yeah
Yup. They're cute and awesome
Yep that they are ^vv^
Yup
pssh we all know it a pandacorn xD a pink and black panda, with a horn that can fly ^.^
Unicorns! because i want a pet unicorn of darkness that will fly me through thunderstorms and will shoot lightening from it's horm :]
I used to have a unicorn teddy bear was the cutest ^vv^
Awwwwwwwww.
How bout a flying domo teddy bear then? xD
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.... HELL YEAH!!!!!
WOOT!!!


:3
yay! MLP! lolz, yeah I go with unicorns, they have so much cooler stuff i.e. Robot Unicorn Attack, MLP, Step Brothers (the unicorn shirt), etc etc..I think that beats Kung Fu Panda (even tho its still a good movie).   I LOVE MLP  i soo agree with u on everything
Unicorns there raw as hell pandas can't even touch em
PANDAS OV CORS!!!! HAS TO B PANDAS!!!!
Hahaha pandaaaaaaaaaa
So, I went to Gay Pride day in New York city and I had such an amazing time. I went with two of my cousins and a couple of friends who support me and gay people in general. I honestly had tears pouring down my eyes because of the support my friends have given me for the past 3 years. They have been by my side for so long. As we were there, I got OVERLY hyper and started to go a bit crazy (as you may usually see me as XD. So, I started grinding up on one of the guys in the parade and my friend screams HOLY SHIT and I look back at her being practically dry humped by one of the guys who was also in the parade. So the guy picks me up and gave me a kiss on the cheek since he was like 6'1 LOL. Me and my cousin started going up to everyone and dancing with them and everyone was so calm and just danced along with us. I couldn't have felt more comfortable with myself then I have ever been for years.


Has anyone ever been to a Gay Pride Parade? If so, comment on your experience. Or if you havent, tell me if you would like to go  Maybe we could hang out.
Aww, I wish I could have gone! That sounds so friggin' awesome and fun!
					
					

i wish i could go that would be amazing!! but i first have to talk to my family about coming out /: its gonna be tough
i wish i could go that would be amazing!! but i first have to talk to my family about coming out /: its gonna be toughI'm sure it will be fine if you do
GO GAY PRIDE
wow that sounds like fun!!! never heard of them before though... dunno if Adelaide has em or not
I'm really bored right now & I'm working on a story but I'm not sure what to write next so I was thinking of introducing a new character but I don't know what type of character so I was looking for suggestions. Like Just write:-- What gender they are.-- What being he/she is [vampire, human, witch etc]-- A description of their appearance.-- A description of their personality.-- Their name.Thanks (;
Boy

Shapeshifter- can shape into anything that he can imagine in his head

Blue hair, spiky, multicolourd eyes but colour changes to a specific colour wen he shapeshifts eg if he wanted to b a dragon he might change his eyes to yellow (his eyes shud glow all the time), the colours in his eyes r flecks n shud move around in his irises...

I think he shud b a shy type but courageous n very smart, athletic n a hopeless romantic

Shark (nickname cuz he keeps to himself but he can b vicous) real name can b Levi...
					
					

FemaleWerefoxCurly reddish hair, green eyes, tall/skinnyishShy but shows great leadership potentialMaraHope that helped ^-^
Female
Nephilim (I don't know if I spelled it correctly, but if you don't know what it is it's half human half angel)
Long brunette hair, shiny brown eyes, probably average body type
Friendly and outgoing, smart, brave, a fighter =P
Etoile (pronounced as Aytwal)
					
					

Yes it did help(: 
I'll also like if you could put an age too.
Thanks.
21 for my dude ^vv^
I think it's best if she is 18-19, not really sure..
Okay. Thanks(:
wat the story bout btw??
It's about vampires.
Witch. Female. Bright red hair. Big, green, eyes flecked through with splinters of gold. 
Adventurous, shy, smart. Names could be Ali. 
Don't know nothing more bri!
It's about vampires.oke well vampires n shapeshifters go well together thens ^vv^
If your reading this, which I REALLY hope u are, you know who you are, this is somewhat for you. I'm sorry I hurt you. And you know I never meant to. We were so crazy and stupid back than. And I loved u so much that I think that's why we fought so much. I think.... We were so close..... Nothing was able to get in between us and I think that's why we split... Bc we were so close all the time... We were never apart.... And maybe we just got sick of each other. I didn't mean to break ur heart. I was upset. And I shouldn't have been. It was a mistake. And I wish u could someday please forgive me.... But..... It takes 2 people for a relationship to work. And you know that babe. And you know it wasn't my friends. So please don't blame them. It was all my fault. And I guess I let 1 stupid... Foolish.... Way out there... Thing... Get in the way between us. And yes, I still do think about us sometimes. And what would've happened. And I still care about you. We saw each other every day.... Until now... Bc its summer.... But that's not the point....  I miss you. And... I wish I... Never... Let u go. U were the BEST thing in my life. And I'm so happy even when u just walk by me. And I do hope your reading this. Bc I still love you. And things arnt different. I LOVE YOU. 
share your dreams heredreams can be really interestingso why notheres mine from last nighti was in a van with a group, the guy who was driving was our boss giving us advice and comands. we were looking at a white cambinn, it was long, and had a porch to the right of it , door in the center, and just another sector of the house with one normal window on it to the left.there is a seen where the cambin next to us and a trashy woman with a brown large beer bottle tied to a stick is walking towards ours. she appears in the normal window to the left of our cabin. I try to yell at her but respect of my leader stopped me through half of it, the large man we concidered our leader said something and it was either to us or to the woman or both but he was looking the trashy womans direction. we appeared at my old house, i believe it was sirena with me and we had this large belt of a convier solid thing, kinda seemed like it was made of noodles, but i believed we made it, but we had to hide it, so i said a closet, but we both realizing not any closet so i put it in mine in my bedroom and as i put it in the closet i had to set it down of a large racetrack on a table the racetrack i believe had party junk on it but i putt the craft on top and went back to the front room. i look out the window. then me and sirena went out side because we saw a weird thing crawling on the ground, it was brown and had a pattern across it's body and a long furry head, we knew it was somebody under it so we go after it, we are in the street walking after it and it rises up and it's the boy we consider our brother in the group, so pretty much we play the game of catching him, i was using my magical powers to make him trip and untie his shoelaces, i eventully got close enough to grab his shirt, then i believe i had him in my arms and we were all laughing. i'm inside now and i'm standing behind the front door with the large man who was my leader, talking to me, i tell  him i lived here from 2 to 14 and the shame and regret come over me, a woman is walking around our house i believe she might be a cleaning lady but she wasn't cleaning anything, she was mom, amy anderson, i dare not show my face but she seemed to go everywhere i went in the house and i asked her a few times what was her name and she wouldn't tell me so i showed my face to her in the hallway between the kitchen and the door to the garage  and asked again while she was putting her hands under the sink "what is your name" she didn't answer so i said you're amy anderson she then was standing to the left of the kitchin where a dishwasher once stood and like a video game stats (read and white and floating in the our like a few sheets of paper not touching each other) about my life before i was a vampire. It sayed kjera who didn't live long and soon took her own life (something like that) then i was looking at thing about me now and goals, and what i really noticed was the word murder then murderess in different parts of the list. i wanted to look at what had happened to kjirstie since she wasn't with mom but i woke up, shame and regret held me through the time it started to the end of my dreami just woke up so i was able to write it all downnow your turn
I dreamt once that i was visiting a museum with my family when a gunman broke in and started shooting everyone. I hid under a staircase, but everyone else was shot and killed. Then he walked away. I got out from under the stairs and he came back and shot me through the chest and I just remember dreaming for forever lying in my own blood. I woke up and was just like cool.
ok, here are  my dreams.  I tend to have silly stupid dreams most of the time... XD1)Ever seen the movie Flushed Away? Ya know those little green sloppy worm thingies whatever-their-name-is that sing? ok.SO I dream that those green thingies had fangs, where green neon and had red eyes. And they wanted to eat me and I was running away from them terrified. Sound stupid but the dream was so real that I woke up in shock. And I was so scared that I ran to mom's room (yeah go ahead laugh lol) and lied down next to her.But that isnt the scary part, the scary part is that I was so in shock that when I was lying down I saw one of those green thingies on top of mom  looking at me with red eyes. I swear I SAW IT. O.o The shock was fucking with my eyes. 2) When I was 9 or 10 I dreamt that I was sleeping, ans that Dracula, a werewof, Frankestein and a mummy were loking down at me and talking about me and something about knowing that they existed and that Dracula was telling them not to wake me up or something.  it was weird....3)When I was like 4  I dreamt that I was sleeping, I woke up to someone knocking on my door and when I opened it it was a little alien that looked like an astronaut and that was pointing a gun at me. When I saw him I closed my door, opened it again and ran pass it to my parents room. I tried waking up my parents but they kept sleeping and then I started crying cuz I though they were dead. Then I ran out of my parents room, pass the tiny allien (who had not moved since I first saw it) and closed my door. Then I woke up. lol 4)This year I dreamed that I had started living with some family members who were vampires in a weird open, clear and white house. It looked kind of like a garden. And that you turned into a vampire by drinking some potion. I had taken the potion and was waiting for it to take efect. In my dream when you turned into a vamp your apperance changed. I was really exited to be a vamp and to have a new apperance.Then I woke up. I still wanted to know what I would have ended up looking like
its funny hearing others coz sumtimes theyre so weird n baazaar XD
I hate it when I have really awesome dreams but cant remember them
I had a dream once that I was on an island with my little cousin and we were on this beach in the middle of the forest and then these three foot tall man-eating gummy bears started chasing us, trying to kill us. The only way to kill them was to hug them. So we hugged them to death. 

That was last year. Now I'm always looking out for little demonic gummy bears out to kill me. They pop up every now and then...
******** I ended my relationship with my boyfriend by message on facebook.EvilActivity: *Blinks*********: I also don't hide how I feel anymoreEvilActivity: No you totally don't hide your feelings behind Facebook or anything...******** Look, my heart has been broken enough times that I don't even believe in love anymore.So I have decided to mock love and that it stands for. I also have to a point in my life that it's easier to be a bitch than a lady.EvilActivity: Umm... When is it not easier to be a lady? Thats a sumbitch.********: sometimes being a bitch is all a woman has to hold on to and that's what I am holding on too.Evilactivity: Oh, of course. just like that line in the movie Doloris clabourne. ********: Thats my own personal one liner.EvilActivity: But i know it's from the movie********: I DONT GIVE A FUCK. I stopped giving a fuck long time ago.EvilActivity: You don't give a fuck, got it.********: If peoples aren't satisfied enough with who i am, it's not my fucking problem.EvilActivity: It not your fucking problem, right.********: I am a girl who takes responsibility for my own actions. If i wanna fucks someone, i do that, and I dont cares if people thinks i am a whore. its my body, and i do what the fucks i wants.EvilActivity: That all sounds fine to me. So far i like you or rather.. i LIKES you.********: When I saw your theards, i felt like homeEvilActivity: Well you can still visit.********: In fact, people pisses me off very often. People who cries all the time, wants me wanna puke.EvilActivity: Okay your grammer is starting to piss me off.********: I may sound like a pessimist. but I am just telling the truth. Too many people (especially girls) are fucking pussies. EvilActivity: Okay now I'm pissed. Don't use sexist language to denigrate women, be thougthful, be entelligent or be on your way.


Oh the facebook part in at the very start, I knew it was only gonna go down hill from there. XD
O_O no comment.....
Are you ever afraid to die?
Sometimes, I am. I hate thinking about what could happen when you're dead. 

I try not to think about it too much.
I used to be so scared of death that i would have anxiety attacks. But i've gotten over it. I realize that everyone has to die someday, for life to be possible on earth. I don't believe anything comes after death. So I'm not worried that I'll be judge by god, or go and burn in hell forever, i really just don't believe in afterlife. We live once, and honestly, do we really need more? LIfe is already hell. Death is complete and utter peace.
Do i want to die? - no not really
But am i ready to die if i have to?- yes.
Am i scared? - no.
am i afraid to die? - i used to be, yes. it scared me knowing that once i did die i no longer had the opportunity to continue living. i couldn't see my friends, family. it was a really heavy realization that that would happen. even when i am angry or feeling depressed, at the end of the day, i love my life and i like living  it  now, it's been years since i've felt that way towards dying and i just look at it as something we are all kinda born to do.
my only fear resulting from death now is that i will die without making something of myself or meeting my own personal goals. it would be nice to die and know that i did something amazing for another human being or perhaps having finally made things work with the one person i seem to care about and love the most :3 that's kinda why when i die, i want some of my organs to go to someone else that might desperately need them and before i do take my last breath, i want to be able to say that i have found the love of my life 

so i guess, i'm not afraid so much anymore c:
					
					

Ahhh not really...
Yeah, because I'm Christian. I'd go to hell if I died right now, unfortunately.
Nope. Sometimes I wish I would die though.
I'm not really afraid of dying.. I'm more afraid of how I will die..
Im not that afraid. Im just afraid that if I die I might go to hell. And I dont want that
No... Im not afraid sometimes I wish it would hurry up and take me.....
I'm not afraid to die. I think (and I'm not sure if I speak for anyone else on this) I am more afraid of the unknown as just opposed to dying. Death is going to happen, no matter what. Not something that you can escape. You have to know, not fear, know, that one day you are going to die.
im not afraid of dieing because my life is boring and i wounldnt miss much. I also think dieing would be a great adventure even if i end up in hell.
No it comes and if you like it ore not if it realy hurst wen you die you can't know so don't look for it, wen it's your time it's your time, so don't kill your self cuz then it wasn't the right time and you probable faild in live, so if you afraid for death why it comes, and why do you have a fear if you olready knowes it comes, you can't escape you fate! so don't try to escape it, cuz you only making more fears for your self(srry that this is a lot of text but I know live is hard but keep on pussing!)
it's like sleeping just a little bit different ... and i love sleeping so idk o_O 
i think no xD  (not now anymore) xD
Nah, just afraid of what happens with the people I love if I do die.
i already feel dead inside...so..not really
everybody go die...
Everyone dies one day or another....its unavoidable
i don't remember ever fearing death, when i was younger i don't think i thought alot of it,
and recently no i did not fear death like some teenagers i welcomed it
but now i think i want to live
but like i have always been i will protect anyone even if it costed my life, though the chance may never happen i promise that
what the reason use to be for why i wanted to live was i wanted to change the world but i'm loosing faith that i could change people, no body ever said they wanted to change so the world could be a better place
and though we all must die
we do love time
we hav to do everything that we want 
what the use of life if you can't do it 
on this way it's stupid  
so life is for nothing...
but we live so yea hav fun and make good times i guess...
Although I acknowIegde and accept death, I'm only afraid it will be painful and messy. I do not care for pain I want to die peacfully in my sleep when the time comes. I have watched several episodes of 1000 ways to die. That made me very scared of the many painful possibilities and faces of death, like jaws of an alligator or the toxic gas that causes your skin to peel off. I also don't want the last thing I see on this earth to be devastating.
I now have a nostril fetish.
Soph's nose has changed my life!
fapfapfapfapfap
O.O that is so random XD
Grrrrrrrrrrr.
No comment
trololol xD i like xD
trololol XD
Okay, so our church was having a festivle thing (u just buy and eat food =__=) and we were gonna buy the food but it was $3.50 FOR A HAM SANDWICH!!!!!!! We didn't have enough money so we went to McDonalds and bought some cheese burgers & fries. We went inside to eat them and this old lady in our church comes up to us and goes "THIS IS DISRESPECFULL TO THE CHURCH. WE HAVE FOOD BUT YOUR EATING OTHER FOOD. YOU SHOULD OF EATIN OUTSIDE." and we told her we couldn't aford her food and she just walked away XD. So we took the food and sat on the ground out side of the church and this one lady was like "did u get in trouble?" and we explained to her and she says " aww u poor children! God bless ur souls!" and we were smilings.BUT THE BEST PART: my mother called our youth leaders and our paster and told him and they were soooo pissed off! They said they should NOT have done that, and that they should of brought it up with them first. And im leaving for a mission trip in 3 days so that will be fun. No cussing, no anime, no dirty jokes ;^; it will be tough.so do u think this was funny?
Yes XD
LOLZ XD
Wow.... Once ata church yardsale, I found an Ouija board... From like 1975 or so.
Lol totally hilarious dude!
What is your favorite energy drink?I love Monster!!
Please learn to edit posts - but my fav is probably grazzhopper but I haven't had it in ages, followed shortly by pussy and aspire which I CAN get often.
what do u mean "edit my posts"?
Monster and Venom. SOOO. GOOOOODD
monster, rock star, red bull and four loco
ummm..... Monster xD
Monster and red bull 
monster
I have never had an energy drink for a reason.
My friends gave me a soda and 3 cookies at school.... i couldn't sit still and was the biggest spazz... i talked really scary fast
I don't want to know what would happen with an energy drink
lolz xD I go hypo if I have energy drinks.... I havent had one since last year lolz
Either 5 Hour Energy or Full Throttle since they are the only ones that seem to actually work. Not to mention 5 Hour Energy is easily the best for you.
Okay. I am a very forgetful person and I often get that feeling that I forgot something... I know we ALL get that little bugger every once in awhile. So tell me your story! Tell me about a time you thought you were forgetting something, and then you either
A) did forget something
 forgot something completely different
C) forgot what you were doing before you forgot
Hahaha okayys I forgot my bus ticket and still got to school by bus with no ticket xD was freaking out but yeah.... I hate it when I leave home I always feel as if I am leaving something behind and generally its something like my usbs which is annoying haha.... I have fogotten teachers names and had mental blanks of peoples names xD
I always forget what to do when I go in a room.. one time I standing inside my room like an idiot because I forgot what I was suppose to get.. but yeah..
What are your fave faces???

I love O__O

and ^vv^
Mine are
(^.^)


u(^.^)u

(.
U^.^U woof 
Hahah yeah that one is cute!!!!!!!!!


=^.^= nuu
Hahahaha x3

(O.o)
How many sports teams does your school have?? (when the school is divided into house teams n each team has a colour)My school has eight!Normally schools just have four...we have...MitchellBroughtonFaulknerGeorgeLashmarPoldingMackillopMacllenenlol yes i know...boring .
it shucks . Im in BroughtonI hate it!!! grrzz why its totally pointless!!!
MITCHELL for me ^vv^
Okay soo.... what would your ideal world be? what would be your "perfect" world?
One without humans.
This one.
I would be in Neverland with Peter Pan! I would spend my days killing pirates and swimming with Mermaids!

Every other weekend though I would come back to Earth to get some more tea though
A world where Obama is my next door neighbour.
I would be in Neverland with Peter Pan! I would spend my days killing pirates and swimming with Mermaids!Every other weekend though I would come back to Earth to get some more tea though Omg! THANK YOU! I was about to say this then I saw you already posted it. Bravo! That is an awesome world to live in....never getting old drinking tea....Awwwwweeeeee I LOVE that place! And I love you for mentioning it!Go Lost Girls!
Omg! THANK YOU! I was about to say this then I saw you already posted it. Bravo! That is an awesome world to live in....never getting old drinking tea....Awwwwweeeeee I LOVE that place! And I love you for mentioning it!Go Lost Girls!Why thank you, I'm glad someone else loves Peter Pan as much as me
Why thank you, I'm glad someone else loves Peter Pan as much as me Lolz sorry I just get so excited when I hear about Neverland and Peter Pan.Neverland...fighting Captain Hook and Smee with their crew....the Lost Boys...perfection right there.Oh and tea haha I make that so much it's not funny.
hahahahaha okayyyz xD

I wouldn't change anything.... :/
Vampires or werewolves?
VAMPIRES!!
vampiresXD
WEREWOLVES!!
Clearly Vampires
I have nothing against vampires but personally I like werewolves better. GO WEREWOLVES!!!!!
Vampires. I do like werewolves tho.
Vampires are cooler in most depictions really, though those in which vampirism is seen more as a disease are about equal to werewolves. I'll go with vampires for the cases where vampirism isn't a horrible disease/curse for the vampire
Vampires. I've always loved them.
hahaha love Vampires ^vv^
Need I say more?
You shouldn't have said anything to begin with.
OMGS!!!! the amazing guy who does mind thingy stuffs and its soo awesome!!!! And he so sexy!!
					
					

OMGS!!!! the amazing guy who does mind thingy stuffs and its soo awesome!!!! And he so sexy!!Why u have to steal my answer!!!!! ... i was gonna say sexy and epic  cause he is AND EVERYONE KNOWS IT!!!!!!!
hahaha yeah I know aye   haha sorry bout stealing your answer
OMG!! I LOVE HIM!!!
Good. You must love him. 

This is required for living.
he is amazingXD
Hahaha yeah true Amii xD
He is amazing n sexy 
haha ya
Chris ANgel is all I have to say xD
I fucked up now.. I hate myself.... I'm crying so much... am I worthless.... I feel like it... I need help please I'm hurting. Real bad
How did you fuck up ese
Your not worthless, your human. People make mistakes.
how did u fuck up and your not worthless...everyone makes mistakse

Your not worthless you have a reason for being alive and will find it one day!! Everyone makes mistakes no one is perfect its only human to make mistakes.....You shouldnt hate yourself okay? there is no reason to hate yourself...
i saw about 350 lbs guy in the candy aisle....masterbating w. a bag of snickers o.o
felt bad for teh guy who had to clean up my puke
i am not a normal person
					
					

It was outside of Wal Mart actually.
My friend drives a blue punch bug car, and when we parked in the parking lot, a bunch of amish guys started punching eachother xD
I saw a woman with a monkey in Walmart
the people who shop @ walmart are my biggest fear...
I saw a guy stuff tampons into his pants and try to steal them...
wtf...
o_O
I saw some girl she pulled down her pants and underwear and got a condom put it on her dick and the took a tamp and put it in her vag i was so horrified i still have nightmares lol
it was today actually..... i saw TOURISTS. O.O
i havent seen anything weird at my walmart but someone got murdered in parking lot
lolz I never been to WalMart cause we dont have it in Australia xD
Dear Bruno Mars,I want to marry you,& I'd definitely catch a grenade for you.You don't have to be a billionaire,because I love you just the way you are.
I like this. It's funny and I know those songs!
Except Just The Way You Are is starting to get annoying
i hate Bruno Mars. his songs are so fucking annoying.
no offense
Uhm... OKay
I like one song he was in. With Eminem and someone else.
Lighters.
naaawwwwzzz
lolz random
He's quite cute O.o
his songs make every gal feel loved n special
i dont like him.
ugh bruno mars --'
Hi, I am trying to dye my hair does any body have any ideas if so could you help me out. The products that I am using work a bit but it does not show up on my black hair, if you could please tell me the things i would need to do in order for it to turn out right.
So now they have NEW cupcake mix. This is how it works:
20 Minute Cupcakes
*WHAT U NEED*
*A bowl
*Water
*Cupcake holder OR Cookie sheet
*INSTRUCTIONS*
1.) Get any kind of bowl. (Plastic works better, not as sticky)
2.) Pour all of the mixture in the bowl.
3.) Add water.
4.) Mix for 4-5 min.
5.) Put the mix in the cupcake holder. (If u don't have inner, just bake it on a cookie sheet.)
6.) Put the cupcakes in the oven for 20 min.
7.) Take them out to cool.... than ur done. U have beautiful sweet cupcakes.
*THIS IS NOT FOR MAKING SCRATCH CUPCAKES*
*THIS IS FOR THE 20 MINUTE CUPCAKES* 
*they sell it at wall*mart, uncle's, target, and anywhere food is sold. It will say it on the top that it bakes in 20 min.
Peanut Butter Cookies
*WHAT U NEED*
*A plate. (Any kind)
*Sugar
*A cookie sheet
*INSTRUCTIONS*
1.) Buy Pillsbury doughboy peanut butter cookie dough. (Wall*mart)
2.) Put the dough on any kind of plate.
3.) Take SMALL pieces of the dough and roll them in a ball.
4.) Roll the balls in sugar.
5.) Put the balls on a cookie sheet. (Usually its 3 coulmns of 3) (should make 47 cookies if u make them small)
6.) Put them in the oven for 30 minutes.
7.) Take them putting cool....and ur done. 
*If u have any questions u can comment*
*if ur going to tell me I'm a bad instructor... thank u but I already know that*
*THANK YOU*
Yes i know its kinda stupid n random...but...
DO YOU HAV A DRESSING GOWN?????
if so lol...
wat it look like ^vv^
haha
Nah I just run around in my underwear when I'm at home.
O.o lol
lolz I do chelza xD
it red isnt it?
lolz how you guess? O_o

xD
What song best describes you?Mine is Monster by Skillet
IDK...
IS THERE A SONG BOUT BEING CUTE N SHORT N WEIRD???
n different n being an outcast??
well Perfect Weapon by black veil brides is said to be the song for the outcasts if you watch their music video.
lolz Monster by skillet mine too
cool
ahhh yeah i guess....
Do you ever have times where you brain feels like a fluffy cloud and you dont want to do anything?
Do you ever have times where you stare into space and forget where you are?
where you forget what you have to do and what you are supposed to be doing....
Yes everyday.
yes all the time
it happens a lot to me..
Yays!! Im not the only one
About every five minuets. XD
WHICH WOULD YOU RATHER BE
VAMPIRE OR A ZOMBIE
VAMPIRE!!!!
Personally, I wouldn't be either.
But, whatever you motherfuckers wanna be, is cool with me. Do what makes you fuckin' happy =o)
Honk honk

-Gamzee
if you didn't want to be either then why did you come to this thread, it's not like "Vampires vs Zombies" tricked you into thinking ot was anything else
true dat
if you didn't want to be either then why did you come to this thread, it's not like "Vampires vs Zombies" tricked you into thinking ot was anything elseWell I was givin it some thought at first, but I realized either one would be a living hell. Or, unliving. Honk honk =o). -Gamzee
haha  true
Vampire!!!!!!
Vampire.
Zombies are just controlled by their urges and have little to no rational thinking.
Vampires can manipulate and all that fancy shit.
Vampire. I hate zombies.
Vampire, because they're sexy.
Vampires are mean  and Zombies have no brain... but if I had to pick i'd choose Vampire.... lol
vampire all the way baby xD
i'd be a vampire. i could do some much cool stuff. zombies just don't even begin to compare to the awesomeness
of a vampire :3
VAMPIRE!! they are awesome and sexy and well... AWESOME (and i dont like them because of shitty movies or books!)
Id be a Vampire so i can turn off all my emotions  And to rip everyones heads off
Vampire!!! Their all Cute and Pale! Lol
Zombieeeeeeeeee because vampyres are so over rated *
vampire
Vampire cuz they can actually think and they r like hot  I would like lure my prey with my sexuality hehe and then I would kill them.
Vampire! Cuz they are the original emos
Vampires live for a super long time and zombies are already dead.
Plus, they're ugly.
And typically they stink. DX
I choose vampire, lol.
VAMPIRE!!! there is no comeptition
It would suck to be a zombie, so I pick a vampire. I do think zombies are cooler though.
Vampire xD 
vampire
Freaking hate zombies!! Vampire for sure.
OMG!
dont know which one to pick!
vampire:)
WAMPIRE!!!!!!!!!!

yes, I said wampire.
i'm looking for something new to write about. any ideas?????
do you want an idea for short story, poem, a story what? and would help to know if you have any ideas yourself at the moment
Hmm...well  I generally read horrors, and stuff like that.... umm if you want to do something fun/funny then do something like a comdey... like an embarrsing moment or something but make it funny sorry not really much help there haha
If u want funny stuff maybee pranks
Horror cud b a tortcher scene
Vamps
Zombies
Sex scene lol
Since its for a short story n needs to b about one scene otherwise it go too long
If u want funny stuff maybee pranks
Horror cud b a tortcher scene
Vamps
Zombies
Sex scene lol
Since its for a short story n needs to b about one scene otherwise it go too long
If u want funny stuff maybee pranks
Horror cud b a tortcher scene
Vamps
Zombies
Sex scene lol
Since its for a short story n needs to b about one scene otherwise it go too long
Srry bout the triple posts...it went spaz
I like writing essays, but that's pretty irrelevant to this thread
lolz have fun writing it xD
im bored and i wanna start a Poke War :3 just saying lol yeah im bored.       Everyone who read this has been Poked :D
Oh my god yes.
this means war!!! -pokes back-
-Poke-
-poke-
-poke-


i think we should give out awards for whoever wins that day :3
-poke- 

that sounds like a gr8 idea
-POKE-
Poke wars?
Oh now D:
*shields*
-Pokes repeatedly-
-dives behind Dante's Shield- Share Dante!!!!! 
*mega poke* :3
Magic Gummy Bear Poke!!!!!!!!
Oh my god  HALP MEH HALP MEH. *Ultra dino cuppy cake poke!*
O Shizzz! Green Light Pikachu Poke
Backup! I need backup! *Furry lightbulb poke!*
MilkyWay Ice Cream Karate Poke ^.^
-ultra mega super poke-
What would be great is if we all just put "*POKE*" in our profile. That way anytime we post, whoever reads it will have been poked.
Thats true 
Mine would be super awesome lol
You've been poked (:
Poke
poke
-pokes in eye repeatedly with a fork-



SNORLAX, I CHOOOOSE YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOU! poke war, geddit?

nevermind
-pokes in the eye with a flamethrower-
poke
poke
super mega ultra infinity poke!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why do you poke so murderously? 
*pokeypokeypokeeeyyyy*
poke
*poke* haha, I pokeded you Leah!!!
Awww Poke Snickers!!!!
But but but.... I poke all of you.
*gasps* super speed poking!!! Pokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepoke
Now my arm is all tingly.
I poke you with a Milky Way bar  : D
I poke you in the forehead!
I poke you in the nose then!
Curse the milkyway bar! Now im blind. BLIND!!! Poke you! PokepolepokepokepokepokepokeMOOOOOOOpoke
...poke?
Pokey :3 Im the Pokemaster. No escape
Im the expert at POKER!!! pokepokepokePokepokeMOOpokepoke
Too bad cause I just own. POKEPOKEPOKEPOKEPOKEPOKEPOKEOINKPOKEPOKE.
-stands behind Shawn- i Have a Shawn Shield!!!!! 

pokepokepokepokepokepokepoke :3
-hides under a pillow- to many pokes!!!
*walks into another room* NOW WHAT!
Poke Mickey!!!!!!
Hey no fair I left the room! *poke back*
you cant escape the pokes o_O
I bet if I tried really hard I could.
I is gonna poke your pokes!
But you cannot defeat a poke with a poke. We should join forces and make a large poke!
YES! Attack, large poke! Chaaaaa, we pokes you other regular pokes!
LOL exactly!
Small pokes suck
I agree. We must win this poke war. *nods*
Anyone wanna join the poke alliance?!?!
C'mon, you know you wanna !
I FLY SOLO.
FINE.
We'll just attack you
Noooo!
GIANT POKE INITIATE!!!
OHSHIT. *runs. D:*
lmfao guys
Theys gonna poke me to death, you laughs? xD
no lol i was just laughing .
Uh huh. Sures.
Seb Shield Is Activated lol
I has no shield D: I'm gonna die!
get in mine
yay! *Is in teh shield.*
Thanks for not letting me die. :3
welcome

*poking the shield* it wont breaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaak! Gah! Pokepokepokepokepokepoke
:3 Cool.
;( stupid shield, blocking my pokes
Dnt Hurt My SNUGGLE KITTY SEB CAT SHIELD!!!!
Why why why?!?! Ahhhhhhh! The shield! It burns us, it burns us!!!
WAIT. It's a human shield! Just go behind it :3

*walks behind shield.* *POKE*
Mickey why did u tell them that?!?!?!
Run Run Run!!!!! -runs away-
Because you're not in my alliance D:
*chases*
Hehe :3 I stays.
but...i dnt know whats going on!!! i just had a shield .
It's cause they cheat D:
what do u mean??
They cheated. They killed teh shield :3
Seb Kitty is not dead :3. im chatting him right now
Whoa  he came back to life!
he was never dead
...Oh.
yeah
come chat with us ^.^
Oh. 'Kay. ^^
where in the chat room with Mickey
'kay
lol POKE ALL
Moohahaha!!! It's too late! Pokepokepoke
Never!!!!!
Pokedy poke pokes for everyone!!!
Quick! Mega poke!
Noooo!
Rapid poking!!!
Lol yes! I will distract them!
never
I bet I could xD
try it
I bet all I have to do is say something related to that Jeffree Star person and you would be distracted
poke
Seeeeeeee Leah, I was right
SUPER POKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
NUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!
Yes!!!!!!

Double SUPERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR POKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
Ahhhhhhh!!!!! Poke the Square world
TRIPLE SUPERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR POKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
I have a shield
I poke you witha stick!
I'll poke you with my fist o.o
I'll poke your fist with my face!... Wait...
i poke everyone with a pillow
I poke everyone with a leaf.
i poke everyone with a feather
I poke you with a 20 foot stick!!
I poke everyone-except Shawn- with meh MilkyWay Bar!!!!! :3
I poke everyone with a knife
I poke everyone in the forehead with a candycane except Leah
I poke everyone with a Jeffree Taser 
Except Shawn
To hell with poking, I throw you all in a Snickerfilled dumpster
POKEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
SUPER SEXY GAYNESS POKE!!!!!!!!!!
O_O super ultra mega giga epic poke!!!!!!!
SUPER NINJA POKE!
Poke wars?Oh now D:*shields**pokes at Dante's tummeh*Bwahaha Leroy!!!1 You'll never get Stanley!!!!*pokes leah in the faces and hides in my igloo*
POKE O_O
*bites Shawn*

muahaha

*pokes Shawn in the face*

O.o
poke !_!
im bored and i wanna start a Poke War :3 just saying lol yeah im bored.Everyone who read this has been Poked :DYEA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LUV BEING POKEDED!!!!!!!!!  LOL kool!
POTATO POKE .3.
PARADISE POKE xD


Nice poke jayy btw  lmfgao

Hi Vampy17 btw :3
					
					

Regular poke ^^

Why thank you ;3
Paradise poke? That must be a nice kind of poke, because paradise is...nice. xD
Milk Poke xD


Hehe iwas listening to ColdPlay xD but yeah it ish
Juice poke :3

...ohs. xDD Yeah.
cookie poke o.O
Cookiess 8D

Goose poke
Dalek poke O.O
(google daleks xD)
03o Turtle poke

(Has googled Daleks. What the...little robot things :3)
they're adorable in a weird way!!

dwarf hamster poke :3
They arrree ! :3

Plastic bag poke 83
headphone poke
Twinkie poke? :3

Zombieland ftw
TWINKIESSSS and Zombieland ftw indeed 
Mouse poke
:3
Double poke
triple poke
oO Four poke
quintuple poke?
lol.
sixtuple poke.
Poke
POOOOKE
poke
ekop
xD 

...o3o



Thank god for copy and paste. lolol

Hehe no way im typing all that xD


Beat that, lmfaooo.

hehe :3

meh win O.o
lmfao :3 

poke
my foot's asleep. poke
o.O how? 

poke
-curls up on ground- im sleepy....

Poke btw
*cuddles mah queen* :3
poke
-cuddles with meh King- :3

pokes
-walkes away pretending to not see that- o.O

poke
~Poke~
pokes

why duncan?? Lols
Poke ~~~
*Is currently trying to think of a poke that will own you all.*
Pokes xD
*throws my shoe (not at Leah)*
-throws shoe back-
POKE
*finds a rocket poke launcher(?) and shoots it off*
FOR NARNIAAAAAAA
-pokes the rocket-
*hides behind a rock*
* in a tree somewhere*
"The target is 20 knots away, wind is 13mph west temp is 71."
"roger sir i am taking the shot" *takes out sniper poke rifle aims at mickey*
*click*   -Poke!-
* in a tree somewhere*
target is 30 knots away wind is 13 mph and the temp is 71
-takes of binoculars- wait nvm i had them the wrong way around and im right next to him xD

poke
-throws rope down- here climb up this
-grabs milkyway and eats it- thnx 

poke
-climbs up rope and sits in tree- omg Im Tall! :3 fear meh pples! mawhahahaha

:3 pokes
					
					

lmfao xD

POKE
No fair Night, my rock wasn't big enough and I wasn't ready. So *knocks out of tree* you sir, you sir deserve a poke. *poke*
-sits in tree and swings legs- im waiting for Cece My King
poke
what the hell * fall* 'ahhh my leg medic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! calling an air strike * poke bombs on the way * fshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh POKE!
WHAT HAVE I DONNEEEEEE?!?!?
*runs away in zigzag lines*
If I poke your pants does that count as poking you? xD
-hides behind leah- this ish scary
lol yesh iknows :3 

-draggs duncan- come on  iwant so Candies! To The Store!!! XD

hey did u name u dragon yets??
yey candies!!! xD

what one??? i have like 30 of them
lol 


Ur newest one! lol meh and Weezy named our pets alreadys xD
:l u mean the one in my sig?what u name yours???
					
					

yesh xD 
um since i dnt haves a dragon i gots something else :3

Hunter the Hell Hound(dnt ask) and Lev the Killer Bunny xD
what u get???

lol xD
Hunter and Lev lol :3 they my pets
lmfao xD
lol iddnt get a dragons. So i made my own magical pets  lols
makes sense xD 

poke
lol yesh it does xD

. iforgots about thats lol poke :3
:3

-pokes leah then runs-
no fairs! 
-chases- i wills get yous Scotch! xD lol
-runs faster- no you wont :3
-runs even faster and tackles Scotch.- see i dids! xD -pokes duncan then runs and hides- haha
-appears from behind leah- you cant hide from a ninja xD -pokes leah then vanishes-
so unfair! XD
-throws manpony into air- find duncan and poke him for meh xD! lol 
Poke. I win!
INVADES AND SUPER NINJA POKES ALL YO ASSES!!!!!
:3
FOOL ur ninja lvl is to low compared to mine! ninja art hidden poke jutsu. -poke-
*tires not to make a Naruto joke*

64 palm could work with poking, can't it?
Hells yeah mickey xD

-runs and hides- just dont use it on me _
*tires not to make a Naruto joke*64 palm could work with poking, can't it? u just did....-poke-
I won't Leah!!! I mean.. I'll try not to :3

So what if I did Night? *poke*
-hides with leah- idk wtf is going on D:
I'm bout to karate poke all of you, that's what's going on!
FOOL ur ninja lvl is to low compared to mine! ninja art hidden poke jutsu. -poke-   i am the most powerful ninja on this site!!!
I don't think so!
-pokes mickey and runs-
Oh no! *Chases* I shall catch up to you eventually!
o.o *le poke*
Nooooooooo! *falls*
-helps mickey up then pokes and runs away again- :3
Oh you.. You... I don't know if there's a word for what you just did, but stil!!! 
*chases again*
frenime???

-runs still-
Maybe! Idk! Lol.

Oh nooooo *cuts you off and pokes* HAHA!!!! *runs away*
POKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
-climbs back in bed and goes sleeps-


-selotapes leah to bed then pokes- you shouldnt be out of bed. u needs to recover
*pokes Sniper as he's taping Leah to bed and runs away*
-chases- im guna get you! xD
Nuuuuuu *runs around a tree*
-stays in bed- SUPER MAGICAL POKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your poke only counts when you're no longer in bed,
-Just a casual poke-
-poke-
*pokes everyone*
-pokes back-
D: *poke*
-poke-
Imma poke you when you least expect it.
-HYDROGEN BOMB POKE!-

Fun Fact: The Hydrogen Bomb, or H-Bomb, is even more powerful than the Atomic Bomb. SO DON'T TRY AND ATOM BOMB POKE ME!
-sulpher and gunpowder poke-

^^^it make a big bang O.O
*poke*
-poke-
*POKE*
poke :3
No, poke you.
And I wanna start aRIOT
This is a place for poking, not rioting!
This is a place for poking, not rioting!Well maybe I'm poking *pokes* and I'm starting a riot. 2 in one deal.Yes I knowI'm so awesome. xD
-gives everyone an angry poke-
Why angry poke me? D: I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING ;-;

*slowly pokes Leah*
-Charlie Sheen poke- WINNING. (:
OH GOD. NOW I HAVE HERPES.
I'm with Mickey. -super gooey gummy bear poke-
On the profile poke
-poke-
*poke* now you have herpes.
-pokes mickey cloths- idnt want herpes  LOL 
-runs and climbs a building- IM SPIDER-MAN!!! :3
But I've already poked you xD

*pokes the building* What happens if the building has herpes now?
hah XD then everyone on the building has herpes *super unnicorn of awesomeness pokes*
we did this in sex ed you have to where a glove :3


-pokes with glove on-
-climbs up and off the building before the herpes army gets meh- There im safe :3

-pokes duncan-
y meh?!?!?!

-takes glove off- -pokes leah- there now you have herpes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
D: iwasnt giving u herpes! i was just poking ya.
-pokes Mickey- here haves ur herpes back :3
D: i knows but you poke only meh and i was like da fuck?  o hell no then poked u o.O

-pokes-
well now we all have herpes, and it's Soph's fault. ;-;

*pokes everyone again*
yesh i blame soph .-.

-pokes back-
i no has herpes :3 -pokes everyone from inside my germless bubble :3-
*pokes bubble* But now the bubble has herpes.
-stabs self with magical cure- no herpes for meh 

D: I poke evyone duncan but sometimes I haves targets :3

-pokes self- keeping myself herpes free xD LOL
-pokes leah- now you have it again :3
*also pokes Leah* Now you have it twice as bad xD
WHY POKE MEH!?!?! 
-repokes self with cure then runs and hides- i shall never come outs! 
because you[oked me!

-hides with leah- can u cure me pwease???
But iddnts pokes u twice!!! D:

-pokes duncan with cure- there
yesh im free!!! 

-hugs leah- thnx sis!!!
LOL! 
-huggs- np bro
*repokes both of you in the middle of hugging* Herpes for alllllll *skips away flinging flower petals in the air*
yes...but im floating in the bubble..so it not touch me.... *POKE EVERYONE*
HOW DID YOU MANAGE TO POKE ME WHILE IN A BUBBLE????
Sophies Magic!!!

-repokes meh and duncan AGAIN!- 

Sophie? 
lol thnx again :3

-pokes sophie-
lol np :3
:3

-pokes mickey with a glove on- :3
Now the glove has herpes : D
O:
-puts on glove and pokes mickey with a Candy Cane- O_O yesh i gots ya 
:3

But now the candy cane has herpes xDDD

*Sits and waits for someone to figure this out*
*picks up mickey with leviosa spell and throws in vat of chemicals that cure her*she no has herpes anymore :3*POKES EVERYONE ELSE*
Yesssss. Me and Sophie are joining forces xD

*Pokes everyone but sophie*
YESH!! 
Fine fines!  :3 i gots Duncan and pretty much everyone else :3 lets see who wins???
					
					

no leah...i have more people too....they must choose their OWN sides..
I agree. EVERYONE PICKS A SIDE!!!!

Ethan is already on our side so he counts too.
i don't know what's happening. but Leah told me to join her team :3
Aren't you guys already on a team? =P
Yesh we are :3 
Meh,Duncan and Chantal: Best Team Evers ;D lmfgao

-pokes the opposing team-
Well we have a lovely team as well!

*pokes members of other team*
lol :3 but my team shall wins! xD

-pokes other team-
no they won't leah...we will beat you!!!


*pokes everyone one leah's team*
NEVERS! :3

-pokes sophies team-
O.o wtf has happend? i went away for 1 day now nobody has herpies and everyone is on a team D: im confused what team am i in?
I'm pretty sure that you are on leah's team duncan.....

*pokes leah's team*

but you can be on mine mickey's and soph's if ya want :3
-pokes sophies team-

this is very confusing  who is on what team?
I'm lost again so I'm just going to poke whoever's team i'm not on! *does so*
mickey..you are on my team :3 .....and duncan..i guess you arent on my team then -.-

*pokes leah's team*
*Awkward poke* o.o
*pokes other team*
Duncans on my team!

-pokes other team-
*pokes other team as well*

We winning mickey! ^-^
Yay!!!

*pokes other team again*
No!

-pokes other team-
O.o i think we should come up with team name's cuz it look's better than "-pokes other team" and is easyer

-pokes other team-
-pokes everyone- because teams have suddenly appeared and she is part of neither XD
Join us o-o
no join us x_X
No don't listen to him! Join US!
how do u know im a him?!?! o.O  i am but still... no join us! we have toblerone :3
No join us because we have gummy bears :3

and duncan...we know its a him from your drawing
no join us because then i will stop annoying you to join us 

O.o oops... xD
no join us because we have mickey and soph on our team and because we all sweet and cool and give you cookies :3
no join us because... we have dragons o.O beat that
how do u know im a him?!?! o.O  i am but still... no join us! we have toblerone :3Mickey knows everything!
Yesh join meh and duncan :3

-pokes sophies team-
O_O i think the poking has stopped... we were the last to poke so that means we win right? O_O
No way! *poke*
D: no we won alreadys! its to late
-pokes-
Nope. *pokes*
:l thats not fairs. -pokes-
-pokes mickey-  we win x_x just get over it :3
*pokes duncan* nu :c
you cant poke a pregnant man! -crys- D:
O: mickey hows coulds u???! 
-huggs duncan-
D': i blame you if i loose the baby! -crys harder-
DDD: I didn't know!
D': -runs and hides- mickey is a bigger meanie than before D:
-climbs in a tree house. locks self in- im SO not getting in a war with a preggo person. they has  superhuman pregnancy strength. im to squishy to fight back. . 
Mickey dnt get duncan to mad. that superhuman pregnancy strength is like hulk strentgh. Im afraid if he gets to mad he will just start flipping over cars and shit. 
LOLOLOLOL

but my mood swings are to much D: i will be about to throw a car at her then decide that i lubbs her and start crying _  soooooooooo not fun being pregnant D:

-pokes mickey- ^.^ poke back if you dare
Oh my. Mood swings. 

*pokes* I dare :3 
-locks doors and windows- o_O
*pokes leah inside her safe house* your safe house isn't too safe, since I easily found the way in :3
-pokes sophie- o.O
-just stands there frozen-
O_O *pokes*
RAWR!!
~pokes everyone~ xDDD
					
					

-pokes-   o.O
.
-super ninja mega poke-
					
					

-pokes u with a stick-
aweh yea ^^ stick poke.
oh snap! pokes you with a twizzler
-pokes leah- ^__^ im safe to do that because i bet she wont see it xD
-pokes duncan-
:OO -pokes eko-
POKES
-pokes back-
-pokes leah- :3
[sharedmedia=gallery:images:3404]
					
					

-pokes duncan back then pokes leah- im saving extra pokes for shawn and amii!!! lolz
-pokes eko- lolwut? xD
pokes.

I think i just wooped your butts. Do you give up yet? haha! 
I will never give in!!!! Take your best shot give me all you got. 


-pokes duncan in the head- 
-pokes echo- 
why is people poking meh? I swear, i thought i was in my secret tree house. __
I'm a ninja creeper. Thats what happened. hahaPOKE!!
wait... we are in the same team leah? O_o -pokes eko-
poke.
oh yeah, we are xD lol
-pokes echo-
-climbs into secret tree house with leah-  

-pokes eko-
lol we're both attacking echo, is that fair? xD
-pokes echo-
yesh xD yesh it is ^.^

-pokes eko-
god u guys keep poking me at the end of everyone of ur comments!! not fair  -pokes duncan's eye then pokes leah in the head-
not fair at all!!
D: y in the eye? i never poked you in the eye .
D': echo why?! -cries- i thought we was friends! Duncan? I can understand but Meh? Why!? D: im special. 
-pokes-
					
					

thnx leah . i feel special now

-pokes eko-
your special to meh :3 

-pokes-
so special you tell eko its ok to poke meh? :c

-poke-
oks fine. Echo, You NO Poke Duncan! 
better? :3

-pokes-
					
					

yesh ^__^

-pokes-
*pokes*
POKE!!!!!!
*POKES*
good ^___^ 

-pokes-
*Pokes* ^.^
-pokes-
-pokes-
*POKES*
-pokes everyone- and yes leah we r friends i love u my dear younger sister  and i love u too duncan thats why i had to poke u
o.o
I haven't poked anyone in a long time, so I just -pokeyouall-
*pokes person above me* 

AWWW NOO shiz going down. 
Every man, woman, and child for his or her self!
*POKEEEEEEEEEEEEEE*
*downloads autopoke to poke everyone all day, every day* MWAHAHAHAHA *cough*
*choke*
...
*dies*
*POKES*
Lets Poke these Cupcakes XD
O.O
-pokes-..?
-pokes leah- :3
-pokes duncan-
-pokes leah- :3
*pokes*
*pokes myself* wait wut
o.O self poking? xD

-pokes-
*pokes* yes. self poking.
wait
is that even legal? O.o
-pokes-
i...i dont know o.O
-Poke all u-  i win BiSHES MUAHAHAHA
I win moar :3
*pokes everyone a zillion times*
-pokes-
hehe .  poke!
*poke*
PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOKEEEEEEEE x 8888888888899999999999999 times
-epicly spam pokes everyone-
Muahaha. Winnar.
*super duper awesome poke*
-pokes with spoon.
poke
*pokes with cookie*
This is what you think of when the topic says i Wanna Start A Poke War?

I so confused 

*poke*
pokes
poke
poke
ULTRA MEGA ETERNAL FLUFFY SPARKLE VAMPIRE BAT POKE!!!! ^w^)
just like pokee....
*pokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepoke*
That would be epic
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ No one can beat that
					
					

*poke*

tHERE
*POKE*

EXACTLY
hahaha xD

*poke poke*

I wonder how many times I've said *poke*
Stupidest thing you have ever done in you life?
ummmm..... nothing?
most of my family stopped talking to me. parents are no school. i'm honestly not sure if i have any friends. the people hang out with hand out with me when nobodys around( their other friends). it seems like sometimes they pretend not to see me. i'm not used to having friends so i cant tell. they always ask for money, we don't hang out away from school....most of the time i can't tell if they're making fun of me....what do you think???? i'm alone and the people i did trust turned their backs on me.
Unfortunately you don't seem to understand the situation, therefore it's impossible for us to understand it based off that...
					
					

Well im starting high school i already get bullied now..  do you think i would get bullied in high school? Im scared ...
it really depends on the school. i get bullied every day and i'm going to be a senior next year. this may be because i'm the only emo in my school.not all schools are bad. hopefully you'll make friends that share you interest.good luck!=)
it really depends on the school. i get bullied every day and i'm going to be a senior next year. this may be because i'm the only emo in my school.not all schools are bad. hopefully you'll make friends that share you interest.good luck!=)thx  but i kinda heard the school was bad soo ... yeah
Just be yourself. If people bully you fuck them. I used to get bullied at my old school but I also had amazing friends that stood up for me. Just be yourself and I'm sure you'll find people who will accept you for who you are!
Just be yourself. If people bully you fuck them. I used to get bullied at my old school but I also had amazing friends that stood up for me. Just be yourself and I'm sure you'll find people who will accept you for who you are! ^+^ thx
hey just want to make some friends so if you want a loyal and weird friend friend me if you want to know me better PM me thanks and 666 hugs to anyone who friends me
*friends* lol


yesah! first one to reply.


damnit I mean yeah. damn typos
					
					

lolz yayz new friends ^.^
okes FRIENDS ^vv^
Friends.!! *.* ooooo yar plzzz
umm....Hi....nice to meet you
I like friends too...
....so...hi
lol
hey, i'm rock angel. i'm new here so if you wanna talk i'm open=)
hello  im RoAn..

sorry im kinda awkward
Love akward so yeah
i was just wondering, does anyone know?
i think its dark brown ive never really payed much attention to his hair though
nope his natural hair colour is blonde actually
wtf? The most pointless and useless thread ever made.
it just shows who stalks who
not to b rude, but do u post negetive comments on every bvb thread? its annoying

sorry if im being a bitch
Ok poeple.. there's no need to go on with your rude comments on every BVB thread  I think his natural hair color is light brown or blonde cuz i'm kinda confused.. theres some pics of him when he was youngand in some of them his hair was blonde..  But if it was blonde or brown,then, does this mean that he dye his hair black each time it grows  Oh well, I still love him lol  


I bet Google knows
it was blonde at first . didn't it change colors though...like a reddish brown?
i would show u a pic...but the person isnt wearing pants o.o

i was at the park in the night and this fatt ass walks to the slide im sittin on and barely just misses throwing up on me she got no pants on...
and then she goes to the see saw and takes a shit on it ..(shudders)

seen anytin more gross?!
i hate the site and sound of vomiting! URGH even just the sound gves me the creeps! thank god im a silent puker 
i dont get grossed out easily i guess...but i hate watching operations....
its weird i laugh at the site of people getting their heads cut off n body parts flying everywhere, blood n guts everywhere...but when i see an operation or people getting needles i freak n cant watch...dont make sense...

Jackass does some really bad shit...REALLY GROSS! like eating up stuff that would be in an omlette then making you throw up into a pan...cook the vomit into an omlette then eating it! gross...
they always use POO in things... . ewy
Mine would be a video my best friend / ex boyfriend showed me... Its caled two girls an one cup... It's sooo fucken gross!!!! Ugh an he started laughing at me cuz it makes me gag every time he talks about it!!! Lol grrrrr!!!
I've heard of Two Girls One Cup [Never watched it] but it sounds pretty vile.
Animals having sex.
Yes it is very vile indeed lol
I've heard of Two Girls One Cup [Never watched it] but it sounds pretty vile.OMG it was!!! DX
lmao yea 2 girls and 1 cup is pretty fucking nasty (ive watched it) but it was also kinda funny at the same time xD
Grrrr why did u have to show me that video Sadness and sorrow ugh!! - starts gagging- grr lol XD
Wow. The grossest thing?

READING THIS.
dog humping grandpa's face. my cousin accidentally swallow his wedding ring and spent 2 days hand picking his s**t.
Wow. The grossest thing?READING THIS.
ok i'm seriously fucking confused, i have the song we stitch these wounds and i wanted to learn it on guitar, but the guitar tab was entirely different, but it sounded very much like their style

so put simply, what i ask is

is there two versions to we stitch these wounds?

BVB forever
I know absolutely nothing about BVB, nor do I care to, but; I do know a bit about guitar tabs.

It could be an acoustic version(unless the song in question is acoustic, I wouldn't know)

Also, is it a tab or is it the chords? Because that makes a HUGE difference.
(I know this isn't helping but imma keep talking anyway)
And also, it could be just that the person was stupid and tabbed it wrong lol.
haha, you cant change the entire thing though, and i found out earlier there was a new remake of it and the tab i got was for that
Yeah you can lol. Ahhhhhh, well there you go ^__^
there is two versions, idk when the original was put out but the newest version (and in my opinion the better one) came out in 2010 with the we stitch these wounds album
yep, thank you
while i think of it what album is the gunsling off and this prayer for you?
i think that it was on the sex & Hollywood the first ep that BVB came out with. (the original version) but I'm not quite sure.
I may not be able to answer but my friend okAmii may be able to help you?
(lawl, look at me, volunteering her for stuff XD)
depends on if you got the lead guitar or rythem tabs that could be why its a lil bit different
Yes there is, there's one on there album and one which is like been released xx
There are two. One was released on thier EP Sex and Hollywood, the other is on We Stitch These Wounds.
There are two versions. The older one is on the Sex & Hollywood EP. The newer one is on We Stitch These Wounds. I personally prefer the EP version
there are many versions because most people write tabs by ear. pick whichever one sounds best to you.
Parents do alot of things that we hatebut what are some of the things they say or dodo that pisses u off ?


''NO'' ''but why?'' ''BECAUSE I SAY SO'' f*** annoying XD
Yep yep... I hate it when they always ask me to do something and dont give me a reason or they say no and they dont have a reason .
I also hate it when my mum purposly asks me to make her a drink after I have started to do something I want to do .
Does anyone here speak another language other then English? 

I speak English and Spanish :3
Does anyone here speak another language other then English?I speak English and Spanish :3same here  first language is spanish second englishbut I wanna learn japanese
I'm still learning portuguese and cantonese at the moment
I'm still learning portuguese and cantonese at the moment That sounds like fun. And hard.
That sounds like fun. And hard.it is, but I have to
Why do you have to?
because of where I live.. I have to learn those two language so that I won't have a hard time communicating with people..
I knew spanish then english
Oh, okay. I guess that makes sense. 

Where do you live?
Macau
O.O
what do you mean by "O.O"??
lol dutch englisch little bit france turkisch spanisch slovak arabic just few words haha
English, Indonesian, a little bit of french, a bit of Japanese (haha Kawaii) and want to learn more Japanese x3
what do you mean by "O.O"??Oh, simple. In this situation, it means "I'm-stupid-and-I-have-no-idea-where-that-is-and-I-feel-bad-for-it"Easy, eh?
Oh, simple. In this situation, it means "I'm-stupid-and-I-have-no-idea-where-that-is-and-I-feel-bad-for-it"Easy, eh?yeah I get that a lot I'm already used to it
Dx NOW I FEEL LIKE CRAP
DONT BE!!! it's fine..
DX

OK
English, German, and Elvish
English i can say some words in spanish and some words in american singe language but not much
English,spanish,i studied french for two years and my friend was trying to teach me thai
english, lakota, and a tinnnnyyyy bit of japanese...Hai watashi wa, kono gengo o honnosukoshidake shitte iru... Sono kawaii inai? (yes i know a tiny bit of this language... its cute no?)
i wanna learn german.
If u had a choice out of the following to be killed by these animals wat wud it b ??Death by crocodile/aligatorDeath by polar bearDeath by sharkDeath by Gloomy BearDeath by best friendDeath by boy friendIf u had a choice out of the following to be killed by one of these objects wat wud it b??knifehammerchainsawdrugsnoosegun
Shark-Bull

Gun-Colt1911
Gloomy Bear
Gun-Machine Gun
Croc

gun
Best friend gun 50 cal
Polar bear, chainsaw.
Death by best friendGun
id prob say polar bear and noose thingy
Death by boyfriend and gun. ...
Oh NOOO, Bradley's gonna shoot me. D;
best friend: after epic dbz scale fight
knife: japanese blade, cause that's how ningas(spelled like that for a reason ;3) die
Death by best friend

and

knife
or hammer n gloomy bear
Polar Bear and Drugs

I may hate drugs, but if I'm going to die, I might as well be stoned
Peacefully in my sleep at a ripe old age
Death by boyfriend - and drugs (like romeo and julet)
best friend and gun
Dumbest thing you have ever done in your life??
Hmmm I would have to say....living my life... Cuz I've done a lot of dumbass things!!! That I wished never happend!!!!
i not really sure...im blonde so ive dun a lota stupid things lol
Smack my principle in elementary xD
Smack my principle in elementary xDThat is totally not stupid that's SMART:D
That is totally not stupid that's SMART:DLOL It was stupid to me.
Dumbest thing I have ever done?.....well....there's so many.
LOL It was stupid to me.trust me that's a high fiver to me
trust me that's a high fiver to me LOL Ok *high fives*
I've done lots of dumb things... but one of the dumbest think I've done was to shout "I love you Sir. Johnny" and he was just behind me that moment -.- he was our music teacher
The dumbest thing....When I yelled "not done yet" to the teacher that told us to show our hands. It was a field trip and I was asleep...
As most people know, 4/20, or pretty much a weed day, was today. I just wanted to know if anybody (else) here smokes pot or drinks? Just wanting to know what people are like xD
That shit fucks people up pretty bad, so no. Also, you're 13 and smoking pot and drinking?
Jesus Christ, the age this starts in keeps getting lower and lower
Weed makes people stupid and I hate being around stupid people. ._.On most days, i just ignore the stoners, but yesterday at school, everyone was off of their bat because they came to school completely stoned.It was annoying. It was violent. It was pissing me off.And now, I have to pay my teacher back for his printer.So no, I don't recommend pot to anyone. .
					
					

Never heard of this, doesn't look like it happens in the rest of the world...or at least the UK anyway.

What's the history behind it?
Bob Marley's birthday frat party celebration
i 14 and i like it makes me feel AWSOME!
18 got flew a kite for the first time (meaning I smoked)I will have to agree though the age is going down...the lowest I heard was age 7.THE WORLD SHALL END!
Ok, 7 is a bit young.. No scratch that way too young .
I have no idea. It disappoints me.
i enjoy weed, but i do not like drinking
i enjoy weed, but i do not like drinkingMe too but I wanna try jell-o shots.
I don't get people with drugs nowadays. Yeah, it gives you a rush, makes you feel good, but have you ever thought about how it will affect your body in the long run?If you're of age and drinking, it's whatever I suppose, but drugs? Really? -.- Find a better habit. Today on the news, an 18 year old died from k2 overdose. So many people die from drugs and other crap that harms your body. Is it really worth it?
I don't get people with drugs nowadays. Yeah, it gives you a rush, makes you feel good, but have you ever thought about how it will affect your body in the long run?If you're of age and drinking, it's whatever I suppose, but drugs? Really? -.- Find a better habit.Today on the news, an 18 year old died from k2 overdose. So many people die from drugs and other crap that harms your body.Is it really worth it?Because YOLO
Well I can't drink anymore due to certain reasons but its always great, when im in a good mood, to get hammered  if you stick to one hard alcohol...
I also smoke weed everyday and I have to say, what the hell are some of you smoking? lol. I mean people can be slower or think slower and forgetfull but I've never seen anyone do something stupid or crazy just from smoking it. My firends and I will just smoke and talk for a while till were done and no ones done anything crazy unfortunately (would be nice to see a damn change once in while). Plus the high's gone in a hour or 2 or however much ya smoked. Marijuana is a soft drug too...least im not doin heroin or meth haha
					
					

I don't get people with drugs nowadays. Yeah, it gives you a rush, makes you feel good, but have you ever thought about how it will affect your body in the long run?If you're of age and drinking, it's whatever I suppose, but drugs? Really? -.- Find a better habit.Today on the news, an 18 year old died from k2 overdose. So many people die from drugs and other crap that harms your body.Is it really worth it?Gotta tell you something. I don't like drugs, just as much as you do.And yeah I know the conscences, but it's worth it right now.And trust me Weed is not bad as drinking, crytal meth, LSD, mad hatter, etc (drugs)Weed is honestly alot better.Did you know a teen on LSD was mistaken for homeless and ate his friends face off? Grosses thing in the entire world right there...*puke*
Because YOLOThat's the way you'd want to die? From a drug overdose?Gotta tell you something. I don't like drugs, just as much as you do.And yeah I know the conscences, but it's worth it right now.And trust me Weed is not bad as drinking, crytal meth, LSD, mad hatter, etc (drugs)Weed is honestly alot better.Did you know a teen on LSD was mistaken for homeless and ate his friends face off? Grosses thing in the entire world right there...*puke*It's going to do so much damage to your body though. And weed is still a drug, nontheless. And see? Teens making stupid mistakes at no end. There's so many things that wouldn't happen if people didn't do drugs. Drinking is something that you can't really stop. It's legal (to a point)
It's going to do so much damage to your body though. And weed is still a drug, nontheless. And see? Teens making stupid mistakes at no end. There's so many things that wouldn't happen if people didn't do drugs. Drinking is something that you can't really stop. It's legal (to a point)Yeah I understand where your going there.And trust me I have done so much research on the subject.I will stop when I get married(that is soon).
I was babysitting, watching Spongebob with my little cousin, and I thought:

What was your favorite show as a child?
i loooved courage the cowardly dog and the powerpuff girls
i loooved courage the cowardly dog and the powerpuff girls  OH MY GOD. I loved those programmes so much. I noticed my sister watching Courage The Cowardly Dog today, its still on!
yea spongebob xD
spongebob;)
Barny the dinosaur and The Wiggles
Scooby doo! and the gang!!!!! Power puff girls, sailor moon,  the wiggles xD
Big Comfy Couch, Sailor Moon, Caillou, Pokemon, Digimon, Gundam Wing, Barney lol, Doug, Princess Guinivere and the Jewel Riders,

omg i know i'm forgetting someeee but i can't think of what!!!
Pokemon
scooby doo and courage the cowardly dog
powerpuff girls, scooby doo, pokemon, tellitubbies, the wiggles, rollie polie olie, spongebob, mickey mouse, kim possible, the proud family, sesame street,sister sister..
there was this one show i think was called ami ami yumi..
andd i grew up knowing barney as the purple rapist 
Hey Arnold, Ah! Real Monsters, Rugrats, Pokemon, DBZ, Sailor Moon, Beyblade, Duel Masters, Yuyu Hakusho and later on Yu-gi-oh. 
I think those are all before age 10.
hey arnold was legit :3
lol.....Doug (forgot that one)
Mine would be hmmm Pokemon, justice league, an batman cartoons!! Lol I love batman he's my favorite super hero!! =-)
OkAy SoOo I wAs SmOkInG mArY jANe AnD i FeLl  AsLeEp AnD i ReMeMbEr I tHoUgHt I wAs iN hEaVeN TiLl i SaW a UnIcOrN aNd It WaS mAkInG cRaCk . ... i WaS sItTiNg oN a ClOuD tHiNgY LiCkInG a lOlLiPoP ^.^ aNd tHeN a TaCo StArTeD tAlKiNg To Me BuT i CoUlDnT uNdErStAnD iT cUz It WaS iN sPaNiSh -.- ... WHAT IS THIS DREAM TELLING ME??? O.O
omg i want some giimmmeee i also want your dream o.o
It means you will go to heaven and eat lollipops and Spanish speaking tacos with unicorns.
holy shit dude i cnt wait!!!!
lolz cool dream xD
Haha. Thats a cool dream! Maybe he wanted to share the crack? XD
I had a dream like that before but I wasnt high. And the unicorn wasnt making crack in mine. It was random o-o
It means go and put the drugs away O.O 

Too much fun for you
Do u lyk Domo or Gloomy Bear better?
They both r seriously cute
DOMO!!! all the way
Hehe he waay kool n cute! Random brown thing whos mouth is always open who wants world dominatiom....n he cant tlk...oh yea
Hehehe DOMO!!!!!!! he so cute!!!!!!!! I have no idea who gloomy bear it.... -.-
lmao i want to know why he hates apples
Ha lol...Domo is soo strange but soo kool...gloomy bear is a bear dat has bllod on its claws n teeth coz he killd his owner....hehe he soo cute too
dont know to much of gloomy bear tell me about him
Well dats all I kno bout him...i wnt a teddy of him....he cums in all diff colours...
A friend told me bout gloomy bear since she has a teddy of him...
I hav heaps of domo stuff tehehe 
i have alot of domo stuff too...i wnt a teddy of him....he cumsLSHIPXD
Haha...oh grr
srry im perverted
Ha it k...now dat I look at it...yea opps lol
It b interesting if guys cumd in all diff colours hehe lol
lmao that would make the number for sex addicts rise
Yea I guess...well wats wrong wiv dat...ppl wud just enjoy demselves
i would love different colored cums
and im not hater
Hehe it b fun...'guess wat colour cum today! If u answer correctly u get to hav sum!'
Purple!!!!
U r correct!
Heres ur prize!
Fresh purple cum!
aaa yes taste like apples
Haha apples
stores leftovers in frig
Lol
it will make a nice breakfast on my omlet
*nom nom nom*
my omlet!!!
Im just eating a sausage...tehehe
poor porky pig he sacrificed himself for my breakfast
Aww
Aww
still want that sausage
Domo!
He da best!
Indeed.
domo is cool but i love gloomy bear better, he's a demented little bear that went crazy on his ownerwho doesn't like a pink bear with weird tendencies
DOMO!!!
DOMO

dude i'm wearing a shirt right now with domo with a mustache on him and it says
MUSTASHES
BRINGS ALL THE GIRLS TO THE YARD
lolz xD I want a domo T-shirt would be awesome
DoMo
What's Gloomy Bear?

I'm feeling rather stupid at the moment, but... Uhm, yeah. I don't know what that is

so DOMO
Wats a random thing that makes you happy?
...
...
Daydreaming makes mee happy...
anything and everythings make meh happy.
 a rock, a shoe, a pen, a wall, even pretzels xD 

Fire because im a Pyromaniac(Pulls lighter and molitov from behind back) "I'll be right back"
Hmmm... Random things that make me happy...

Music makes me happy. Working out makes me happy. My friends make me happy(
Music, my brothers and hyperactive flamboyancy :')
Music and Candy and Energy drinks
I forgot to mention Coca-Cola. Coke makes me so happy it's insane 
Rootbeers betters . lol
Me and my friend have a running joke about our maths teacher. This teacher is sooooo crazy, and he does the weirdest things. For example, he once called a drawing of a penis on the board a "triple ice-cream cone".
i would of yelled DELICIOUS but then i would realize how awkward that would be
the difference in every day makes me happy
i would of yelled DELICIOUS but then i would realize how awkward that would belolz
Music and Candy and Energy drinks i am too much addicted to energy drinks, ive prolly shorten my life by 20 years
anything that is hot like the sun or fire
(has nothing to say about this thread) But somthing I notice is your name is spelled The Darkangle(Angle as in the angle of the triangle) not (Angel as in a messanger of the cristianic god) thought you would like to know. I make the same mistake all the time.
					
					

Eating pineapple also makes mee happy
(has nothing to say about this thread) But somthing I notice is your name is spelled The Darkangle(Angle as in the angle of the triangle) not (Angel as in a messanger of the cristianic god) thought you would like to know. I make the same mistake all the time. idk it sound it good at the time that I pick it
I wasn't trying to insult its just a commen mistake.
big fonts are some happy shite, yo.I like music too. But it's not that random o3oNoodles are quite wonderful. I like noodles. You can whip people with them. :3Rainbows make me one jolly-assed chick.Oh. I also like winning arguments. Just saying.
I wasn't trying to insult its just a commen mistake. No you did not insuit
my boyfriend, brother, cat, puppies, kittens, my horse, my best friends, rainbows, ridiculous jokes and puns, my fav singer....a lot more
Fire because im a Pyromaniac(Pulls lighter and molitov from behind back) "I'll be right back" I'm a pyro too and i couldn't agree more. seeing anything lit up makes me smile. ^-^
~I also like watching people do stupid stuff that gets themselves hurt... (like on the shows "worlds dumbest" and "It only hurts when I laugh"
~music makes me happy. Just lisning to people singing with all their heart makes me literally cry tears of joy.
~fruit makes me happy. especially kiwis. they're sooo good!!
Cats Are Sooooo Cute And Fluffy!!! I Also Loves Candy
Walking in the pouring rain by myself, listening to a7x or Alesana. 
~bliss 
I like waking up on rainy days, plus if it's a day I don't have to go to school on.
I like the feeling of sticking my arm in a bag of uncooked rice.
I like when my friend texts me song lyrics.
I like it when I get home and my little dog is super excited to see me.
I like that she picks up little things around the house in her excitement, like socks or pieces of paper.
I like it when I make the best jokes when my friends and I watch movies.
I like sitting on the rocks on the hill beyond my backyard alone.
I like the soundtrack to Dear Esther.
I like laying down outside on warm, sunny days.
I like a lot of things
I like a lot of things,
but lately,
none of them make me happy :/
i love covering the bottom of the tub with a towel then getting a blanket and pillow and laying in the tub with the bathroom lights off when the sun is up
Playing circle time with all the pissed skater people in my school. Aha, they're so awesome.
talking to people...making people smile...sushi...icecream and ummm random stuffs
what makes you happy???
1- Knowing that there's someone who really cares about me.
2- Helping someone.
3- Watching someone who's really happy (specially when I'm the reason)
4- Family
5- and never ever forget FOOD!! (specially sweet and cakes) xD

What about you? What makes you happy?
well umm i guess seeing nice people smile  knowing that eventualy i'll leave this place and
some-one 2 talk 2 

i also go 2 rock project where i play guitar i have fun there oh and also chocolate coconut/soya milk...better than it sounds 


1- Having someone to talk to (a close friend)
2- Helping others
3- Making others smile
4- Ice cream
5- Sushi (gotta love food)
dunno why..but being alone sittin up in my tree, listenin to A Perfect Circle, twirling my knife around..
1. having people that care about me
2. listening to music
3. making desserts
4. sitting somewhere I could feel the wind
art
music
dreams
food
sleep
well umm i guess seeing nice people smile  knowing that eventualy i'll leave this place andsome-one 2 talk 2 i also go 2 rock project where i play guitar i have fun there oh and also chocolate coconut/soya milk...better than it sounds oh i also love reading about vampires and murder  in fictional books
Drawing,
Watching People fall over on busses.
Sitting on the grass, playing circle time with randomers.
Going to this group called Elevate and watching their bassist run around the stage bare foot.
And eating microwave noodles. c;
and rock project it's fun
Fried chicken
[SHADOW]Boys and girls of every ageWouldn't you like to see something strange?[SIAMESE SHADOW]Come with us and you will seeThis, our town of Halloween[PUMPKIN PATCH CHORUS]This is Halloween, this is HalloweenPumpkins scream in the dead of night[GHOSTS]This is Halloween, everybody make a sceneTrick or treat till the neighbors gonna die of frightIt's our town, everybody screamIn this town of Halloween[CREATURE UNDER THE BED]I am the one hiding under your bedTeeth ground sharp and eyes glowing red[MAN UNDER THE STAIRS]I am the one hiding under your stairsFingers like snakes and spiders in my hair[CORPSE CHORUS]This is Halloween, this is HalloweenHalloween! Halloween! Halloween! Halloween![VAMPIRES]In this town we call homeEveryone hail to the pumpkin song[MAYOR]In this town, don't we love it now?Everybody's waiting for the next surprise[CORPSE CHORUS]Round that corner, man hiding in the trash canSomething's waiting now to pounce, and how you'll...[HARLEQUIN DEMON, WEREWOLF & MELTING MAN]Scream! This is HalloweenRed 'n' black, slimy green[WEREWOLF]Aren't you scared?[WITCHES]Well, that's just fineSay it once, say it twiceTake a chance and roll the diceRide with the moon in the dead of night[HANGING TREE]Everybody scream, everbody scream[HANGED MEN]In our town of Halloween![CLOWN]I am the clown with the tear-away faceHere in a flash and gone without a trace[SECOND GHOUL]I am the "who" when you call, "Who's there?"I am the wind blowing through your hair[OOGIE BOOGIE SHADOW]I am the shadow on the moon at nightFilling your dreams to the brim with fright[CORPSE CHORUS]This is Halloween, this is HalloweenHalloween! Halloween! Halloween! Halloween!Halloween! Halloween![CHILD CORPSE TRIO]Tender lumplings everywhereLife's no fun without a good scare[PARENT CORPSES]That's our job, but we're not meanIn our town of Halloween[CORPSE CHORUS]In this town[MAYOR]Don't we love it now?Everyone's waiting for the next surprise[CORPSE CHORUS]Skeleton Jack might catch you in the backAnd scream like a bansheeMake you jump out of your skinThis is Halloween, everybody screamWont' ya please make way for a very special guyOur man jack is King of the Pumpkin patchEveryone hail to the Pumpkin King now[EVERYONE]This is Halloween, this is HalloweenHalloween! Halloween! Halloween! Halloween![CORPSE CHILD TRIO]In this town we call homeEveryone hail to the pumpkin song[EVERYONE]La la-la la, Halloween! Halloween! [Repeat]WHEE!!! Ha Ha Ha!lolz so how many other people love this awesome movie? x3
I do !
LUV IT!!
haha love the song!! and the movie!! 
yes!!!

corpse bride is good tooz
anything tim burton is wonderful
Hahaha sooo true ^

GAAAH. I love this film so freaking much. Marilyn Manson's cover of this song is very good as well.
Yep yep!!!  just so awesome x3corpse bride is good toozI have never watched corpse bride o.o
yups
LOVELOVELOVELOVELOVELOVELOVELOVELOVELOVELOVE IT
Yup!I like circus afros! Cause Their all colorful and you can wear stuff that has polka dots on it! ^^
i (strangely) share teh same desire of circus afros  i like striped ones
Hahaha awesome xD  I like rainbow afros o.o
i (strangely) share teh same desire of circus afros  i like striped ones I got the love for them when I saw this commercial xD
Hahaha awesome xD  I like rainbow afros o.o Rainbow ones are very sexy xD
Hahaha yes veryyyy sexy x3
Hahaha yes veryyyy sexy x3 Oh yes x3
lots and lots of different and smexy afros x3
lots and lots of different and smexy afros x3 Oh yesh. So many that I cant handle the smexiness~
O.O sooo random....i like it how sum clowns wear a huge afro wiv a tiny top hat on top
O.O sooo random....i like it how sum clowns wear a huge afro wiv a tiny top hat on top  Oh yeah! I see them when I go to the circus xD
lolz xD chelza we have totally gotta wear afros this friday x3
Oh yeah! I see them when I go to the circus xDthe flower that squirts out water!! n the giant shoes 


lolz xD chelza we have totally gotta wear afros this friday x3 o-o If you do Id melt xD
o-o If you do Id melt xDmelt O.ohaha ud get hot since afros smxy
melt O.ohaha ud get hot since afros smxy  Id hug the crap outa yall x3
lolz we going rollerblading with school and we going to wear afros n Jester hats o.o xD
Id hug the crap outa yall x3HUGS GOOD!
HUGS GOOD! YUSH THEY ARE :3
wwaarrmm
wwaarrmm  =w= Yush
=w= YushCUDDLES ^vv^
CUDDLES ^vv^  oooh~ I love cuddles! They keep me warm ^^
r u cold atm?
r u cold atm? Yesh I am. Its freezing in my room
DADADADADADA  CIRCUS!!!!!!  DADADADADADA!!!!!!!!!!  AFRO CIRCUS!!!AFRO CIRCUS!!! AFRO!! POLKA DOT!!!POLKA DOT!!!!POLKA DOT!!!!AFRO!!!(don't judge meh, couldnt help myself)
DADADADADADA  CIRCUS!!!!!!  DADADADADADA!!!!!!!!!!  AFRO CIRCUS!!!AFRO CIRCUS!!! AFRO!! POLKA DOT!!!POLKA DOT!!!!POLKA DOT!!!!AFRO!!!(don't judge meh, couldnt help myself) though personally i dont think its annoying.  Oh OH OH OH OH! I LOVE THAT COMMERCIAL! THATS THE REASON WHY I LOVE AFROS!
Yesh I am. Its freezing in my room-cuddles u-
i kinda figured LOL i justt mostly like the song and marty in general. i been liked afro's though not really circus ones. more like disco ones. they go greatly with leg warmers and go-go boots
i kinda figured LOL i justt mostly like the song and marty in general. i been liked afro's though not really circus ones. more like disco ones. they go greatly with leg warmers and go-go boots Ive loved the Madagascar movies Marty's always been my fav
-cuddles u- o; Warmness~!
omggggggg i have to(though personally the monkeys and penguins excite meh more) LOL Escape To Africa is my favorite one lol
omggggggg i have to(though personally the monkeys and penguins excite meh more) LOL Escape To Africa is my favorite one lol LOL! I love that one
o; Warmness~! ^vv^ pandah
i like to move it move it....? (im so gonna dance and sing to that nows)
^vv^ pandah  ^ u ^ Hehe
i like to move it move it....?(im so gonna dance and sing to that nows) YESH! *moves it*
^ u ^ Hehe^vv^
YESH! *moves it*King jullian  dude thing possum raccoon watevs he is...
^vv^ X3
King Julian is awesome
King Julian is awesome yes he is
I like Gloria  n Melvin....i think thats his name...THE GIRAFFE
i think im ruining my fun with 'afro circus" atms.
yes its melvin
is it Melmen or melvin O.o

oh that cute fluffy thing! wat he name _
idks.
UM UM! His names on the tip of my tongue!OH! Mort!
he sooo cute XD
lolz xD  wow one sec its bout smexy afros and the next girraffess
haha wat bout giraffes wearing afros XD
lolz xD with rainbow afros
afros wiv flowers in it
afros with flowers and pinapples in it
your talk about rainbowafros and hugs is making me jelly

PEW PEW PEW
very jelly...
jelly is yummyy oohh imagine a rainbow afro sitting on jelly xD
well no huggs for you?
o.o no hugs?!
circus afros are awsome! specaily with zebras....do you think giraffs pee on smaller animals?
Haha
I've been longing for a gay bestfriend
I think they are sweet,sensitive,can give me advice on both my male and female partners and not forgetting a good sense of fashion and it'll be fun male huntin  
I have a bestfriend he acts gay,i think he is gay but he still doesn't know it and i wish he would come out and just say it but people always bully him about it cause he so in touch with his feminine side!
Anyway I WANT A GAY BESTFRIEND
Not every gay person will be the same - they won't have the same personality. I have plenty of insensitive gay friends who have no fashion sense whatsoever. I dunno, this post is just very stereotypical.
tattoos r awsum XD
Tattoos are awesome... I want to get one one day XP
I love love love LOVE TATOOS!
I like tattoos but I would never get one
i really wonder what it would feel like
i really wonder what it would feel liketo get a tattoo? Im quessing its painful XD But it most be pretty awesome to have one. Unless you end on not liking it. That would suck .
to get a tattoo? Im quessing its painful XD But it most be pretty awesome to have one. Unless you end on not liking it. That would suck . It actually dosn't hurt as much as you might think x) it gets a little ehh when the needle is practically on bone, vibrating it, though
					
					

oh and how much does a tattoo cost anyway
Okay heres how it works you post the word cute and then what you think is cute

Cute= DoMo and Gloomy Bear!!!
wow what happened
cute=my pets
hahaha yeah every time i try n post somfin it gets deleted i think its cause i keep mentioning Chelza n 57

awww n u got pets??!!! im jelly -.-

cute=pandas
Cute = your mom my nephew
teehee  

cute= CCT
^^Why do u keep sayin mee cute..???
cute? hmm... I have to say... PANDAS!!
^.^  meerkats are the cutest ,,,, pandas are cute but meerkats are cuter more

n bmm and cct are the cutest couple XD
Um, guys, it's not even a competition. Nothing you say will top the Alaskan Klee Kai:Who wouldn't want a lap dog sized husky!?!?!?
awwwww!!! omg where can you get one i want one!!!!!! thats just teasing !! XP
awwwww!!! omg where can you get one i want one!!!!!! thats just teasing !! XPI don't know where to get them.  Google it. There are lists of breeders. They are an extremely new breed, so not very common... And pretty expensive.  I have wanted one for years.And I know it's just teasing. When I first saw these, I was like "FML WHY DID GOD MAKE SO MANY WONDERFUL THINGS THAT I CANNOT HAVE!?!?!?"
I know aye!!!! okay I shall google it!!!
I wanted a Husky but decided not to get one cause how hot it gets in Australia so i wanna dog that looks like one or i want the puppy above!!!
YES! You want the Alaskan Klee Kai! And you shall buy me one too!
hahahha yeah and how much do they cost~!!!!!!! no ep should buy them for us!!! XD
"an Alaskan Klee Kai will cost between 1800 and 2500 for a puppy depending on what you're looking for. In addition to the akkaoa.org breeder referral page, you can also subscribe to the yahoo group, Modern Alaskan Klee Kai. Many breeders are members of that site and will be able to help put you in touch with someone in your area. More than likely, you will need to have your puppy shipped to you. There are many reputable breeders, but be prepared to have to wait for your puppy as many breeders have waiting lists.

Don't let this deter you from wanting a puppy. They are a fantastic breed of dog, just ensure you do your research on the breed to know for sure that this is the breed for you. In addition to the yahoo group Modern Alaskan Klee Kai, I am also available to answer any questions you may have."
hahahaha yeah well i will have to get a job first  -.-
but it would be worth the wait in the end
Alaskan Klee Kais would be worth any wait!
yep yep  ^.^
Puffer fish :3
cute: Aya and Mauser from UnSun


cute = ligers ( they grow until they die, fat, slow, furry, giant kitty:3)
Mine used to be L. Then I decided I liked Yoite so much more because I find him more interesting than L.
It is very hard to choose because I watch so much anime.But I chooseeeeeeeee:Yugi/ Pharaoh/ Pharaoh Atem. I've loved Yugi for the longest amount of time. Like 7 or 8 years.
Yeah. I have to agree. Yugi is pretty cool (:I like pokemon too, not that I watch it much anymore but I used to watch it a lot as a child.
Bloody hell, you should be a writer.  You should make more of the story, its very good.
awww thanks 
im planning a vampire one thats set in Japan
Love it!

So well wrote, so well detailed. 

And I agree with Phoeberina!

If you ever write a story big enough to be turn into a book, you could let me know if you want. I have a friend that works at an Editor.

Maybe I could hook you up. :3

He is helping this other girl from my pass school to print out hers but, the cost is just too expensive.
awww that heaps kool ^vv^
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh he looks kinda familiar... O.O
looks like he'd be from Code Geuss thingy by his outfit
its lelouch from Code Geass, in that image he is partly dressed as Zero, he just missing his helmet... xD
Oh okay thanks ladies (:
lol i havent even watched the anime...
Haha i want to because I think he looks awesome that is why I was asking XD
Lelouch Lamperouge lol
					
					

okay so start the sentence as Dont you hate it when....

okay for example

Dont you hate it when you straighten your hair and it starts raining

okay your turn
When my anger turns to tears!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I fucken hate cuz it makes me even more upset an pissed off!!!! Ugh life!!!
When my anger turns to tears!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I fucken hate cuz it makes me even more upset an pissed off!!!! Ugh life!!!Don't you hate it when people can't follow simple fucking directions?
Don't you hate it when zach pretends to be kib?
Don't you hate it when you lack money?
Don't you hate it when zach pretends to be kib?Don't you hate it when Nina uses phrases that are foreign to Zach which forces him to go look it up on urbandictionary which makes him feel like less of a man?
Dont you hate it when you see your dog having sex with other dogs???
Dont you hate it when you drop food that you were just bout to eat?
Don't you hate it when you have to give an oral presentation?
What would you do if you where on a mission. The police were after you but you couldn't explain anything to them as it was a secret that no one knew about & if you told them you would be killed.To make your decision harder - you have to get a person to a place safely & unharmed.& to make things that little bit harder also - you have a group of people chasing & tracking you down because they want to kill you & the person you're supposed to protect.To make it a little easier & slightly annyoing at the same time you have an huge amount of power - as in able to kill someone with just your mind - in anyway you wanted BUT you can't kill anyone on this mission.Also, you CANNOT get anyone else involved in this [by that I mean the people who are on your side are NOT allowed to help you.]However, the person you're protecting has telekinesis [they can move things with their mind]Good luck & think carefully.Maybe think about:-- What you could do to give yourself time to get away.-- How you will get away.-- If you have all that protential to kill someone, can you use it to just hurt them a little.?-- Where will you go.-- How can you use the other person's power to your benefit.I'll look forward to hearing your answer. (;
No-brainer... teleport them there.
I said telekinesis not teleport.Unfortunately for you, you don't have teleportation as a power.
Teleportation isn't simply magical or related to powers, it's also a scientific endeavour. Also, you said a huge amount of power - killing someone with your mind isn't really a huge amount of power, so it's only natural to assume you're merely giving an example of a power.

But since you're excluding it, fine, we'll fly there
Um...Sounds like a Video Game...-- What you could do to give yourself time to get away.I would think on stragedies on how to get away.-- How you will get away.I'll use a vehicle.-- If you have all that protential to kill someone, can you use it to just hurt them a little.?If that person is pointing at me with any kind of weapon, i'll i guess hurt them a bit enough to get away.-- Where will you go. The place where i wouldn't ususally be at if i were in a situetion like that one. (Tricky For the ones chasing after me)-- How can you use the other person's power to your benefit.He/She could move things to cover us from a suspecious person. If we are surounded he/she could throw anything to the bad guys so we could get away. Or whatever else happens.I guess...That's good...Hehe...

ums...get the person to move u and that person in a rocket n zoom to the moon n create a whole new life there!!!! MWAHAHAHA AWSUMNESESSS ANSWER EVA!
What's everyone's favourite anime.?I'm only asking this because I've suddenly taken a liking to them but I, at the moment, have only watched Death Note but I'd to watch some more but I obviously don't know any others.Has anyone got any suggestions as to ones that I should watch.?I've heard about One Piece but I was going to start watching that after Death Note.So, Yeah. Any suggestions are welcome. Thanks (:
Ah, the big names.. not generally a fan of many of those but uh.... you could try the money and soul of possibility control, deadman wonderland, ben-to or high school of the dead - those are all recent-ish, not too long and pretty good. You'll need some variety if you actually are getting into anime, same as with everything - too much mainstream is a killjoy .

Other big names include: Bleach, Fairy Tail, Soul Eater, Dragonball, Gintama, Naruto, Full Metal Alchemist. Some of these are good, some kinda suck imo, but if you're just into the big names then these would be the place to start. Given the styles you're into right now you might prefer full metal alchemist, the first chapter of bleach and soul eater (excluding the final episode, honest advice is not to watch that episode) a bit more than the others - though personally fairy tail is overall the best from those imo.
i like
Witch Blade
Daphine In The Brilliant Blue
Death Note
Galaxy Angel 

Bleach
Zombie Loan
Death Note
Fairy Tail
Soul eater
Fullmetal Alchemist
Vampire Knight
Fruits Basket, Chobits, Elfen Lied, Bleach, Death Note, Darker Than Black, Pokemon, Sailor Moon, Card Captors, Digimon, Gundam Wing ... are the ones I've watched...

Also Totoro, Princess Mononoke, Spirited Away, Kiki's Delivery Service, The Cat Returns, Ponyo for movies.
Space runaway ideon
tangura wa itsumo hare nochi gu
clannad after story
ruruoni kenshin
eureka seven
elfen lied
deadman wonderland
pbi brain
nichijou 
durarara
fairy tail
blue exorcist
soul eater
paranoia agent
fate zero
reborn
gintama
fist of te north star
dragonball
one piece
death note
blood+
cowboy bebop
the world god only knows
fullmetal alchemist
tenchi muyo
neon genesis evangelion
tegami bachi
hellsing
gundam
code geass
fooly cooly
yuyu hakusho
naruto
hunter x hunter
ghost in the shell
beelzebub 
etc
fooly cooly
Wow.That's a lot of anime.Haha, well thanks I'll be sure to check them out (;
Stare at a wall for ages...
walk round aimlessly...
just sleep to pass time???

lols i do...
lolz yeah xD sometimes I even sit there and turn the tv on and off and on and off cause so bored
Well I rarley get bored cause I get amused really easily lol . Like I can stare at a brick wall for an hour or more and still find fun in it xD.
Yes i just walk around with nothing to do or nowhere to go
When I'm bored, I get online. And well... here I am.
yeah. Im always bored and lonely. i need to get a life...
Yeah I'm lonely too much.l need a life. I need a LOVE ;(
I go online or play with my blackberry or just sleep to pass time lolz
play on my blackberry, make cosplay, draw stuff like that really
It all depends. If I'm super bored, I go outside and throw nuts at squirells. Or blow bubbles inside the house. 

I know, I'm such a toddler, :3 

Everyone has a small child on the inside of them
It's happened.
If I'm really bored I walk around the house or watch random movies I can find
i usually draw..or scare the people around town.. ^^ its not that hard really.. just have to walk by them 
Randomly scream out "hey lets start a screamo band RAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWR"
poke anybody and everyone near you
play video games when you should be doing classwork


so bored
I play with my blackberry,sleep,draw...walk arround the house...drink water...and all because of boreness. This is the lamest summer I have ever had in my entire life...I suck so much ^.^ lol
					
					

i hate being bored so most of the time i just go online but then i get bored of that so im just screwed
Yeah I'm lonely too much.l need a life. I need a LOVE ;(yea...me 2 (hi buddy)
Chocolate ice creammmmmmmm

Vanilla ice cream with M&M's. Ohhh it damn good!
Chocolate Ice cream is the best. But I rarely eat ice cream at all.
choco icream sucks..... js o_o
Yeah I'm really not a fan of chocolate at all really -.- .

Lemonade ice cream is amazing tho!
chocolate is good but cookie dough is my fav
I luv chocolate, rum n raisan n cookies n cream r soo gd
i like vanilla, cookies and cream, strawberry and honeycomb
0.0 how come people hate chocolate D: xD but it's funny because i could barely eat chocolatvicr cream. :3
chocolate is the bomb
XD
vanilla 
mint and chocolate chips yummmmmmmmmm
I LOVE ICECREAM!!!!!!!!!!! rum and raisin is soooo yummy!! oh and cookies and cream!!! and chocolate mint!!! and oh all ice cream is yummy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gelato r good too
I used to love icecream


I miss is Dx
Hey everyone I was just wondering if any of you wonderful lot cosplay??I'm Sora from Kingdom Hearts in my cosplay group YTC and Replay Cosplay.I also cosplay Ciel from Kuroshitsuji Mikuo Hatsune from VocaloidSyo from Uta No Prince SamaNear from Death NoteShuichi from Gravitationand so many more :3I'd love to hear about other peoples cosplays
I do!
i do L from death note
dark link from zelda
and sasuke from naruto
i no they r all guys and im a girl but its fun
SHUICHI!!!!!!! (ONLY REASON WHY I COMMENTED)
ive only dressed up once...but going to AVCON this yr (hopefully) as Misa Amane
I think me and my friends cosplay(well more like roleplay) more then the average person Dx
I want to do cosplay that would be awesome!!!!! Going to Avcon this year!!! was thinking bout dressing up but dunno who to dress up as .
awesomeeee  I was at london expo at the weekend as ciel phantomhive! I roasted!! mean sun T^T
awesome!!!! ah that shucks!!  I hate the sun .
i usually cosplay as Mikuo Hatsune from Vocaloid but ive been lots of different people^^
it be soo cool to get the really expensive cosplay outfits ^vv^ they look amazin! idk where you get them thou :/
Contributing with my friend Brandon.And this is him normally:Not bad, eh?
I got out of cosplay long ago but those were really good times! 

Ive cosplay and Cross-play:

Hatsune Miku , Kagamine Len Matryoshka and Magnet outfits (VOCALOID 2), Orihara Izaya, Hewajima Shizuo (Durarara),Yuna (FFX-2), Lightning,Hope (FFXIII) and Roxas Organization XIII (Kingdom Hearts 2)

Character  I never got to cosplay is Link (Legend of Zelda)
Soooo what have you wanted to be when you were older...?ahhh these are the thngs i can remember that ive wanted to be...yes sum of them are LOL...a mermaida cooka formula 1 race car drivermotor crossa vetan animatora cardiologista games developera tattooistactor\forensic scientisti think thats it O.olol
I used to want to be a veterenarian when I was really young, then a 'professional babysitter/dayhome/daycare owner'
then a rock star.
When I was little, my first dream job was Astronaut.Then I went through various stupid phases where i wanted to be a veterinarian, a photographer, an architect, etc, etcNow I just want to be an Astronomer/Astronaut again



O.o that a long list...
Is there a certain song or songs that you sing randomly for whatever reason?I love singing "Your Guardian Angel" by the Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, "Jinglebells from the Hell" by SaTaN, ect. What song do you sing, and when do you sing it?Oh, and I sang this once in the library because this guy there looked like a mariachi guy!
When im bored i tend to hum xmas songs wivout realising lol
lolz I sometimes start randomly singing nursery rhymes or christmas songs xD sometimes even the songs that get stuck in my head from school O.o
"Caaaaats have kittens and doggies have pups, and cows have calves and horses have foals...."
"I'm a cat. I'm a kitty cat. And I dance and I dance and I dance."
All To Myself - Mariana's Trench.
IDGAF - BOTDF.
Car Underwater - Armor For Sleep.
The Pokemon Theme song.
Call Me Maybe - Carly Rae Jepsen.
Lol got kinda bored and this popped up in my mind, so tell me which one you would choose and why?
hmm maybe the unicorn... yep. definitely the unicorn
Lol I love unicorns, you are awesome!
UNICORN!!!!!!!! has to be the unicorn for sure XD
Unicorn  there is no competition its the unicorn!!!
Lol looks like unicorn is winning.
Yep yep why wouldnt the unicorn win!!! xD
SEXY UNICORN
LOLZ!!! the unicorn, duh!  cause unicorns are awesomez
The unicorn, hands down
Bahaha yesss! The unicorn is undefeated
teh unicorn...last unicorn i saw shit bacon and threw up coffee icecream...
Omg! Can you be my new bestfriend?
Omg! Can you be my new bestfriend?lol yap:)
lol yap:)YAY! lol
What has a head, a tail, and is brown but has no legs?DO NOT CHEAT!
A snake?
A 1p coin?
a worm?
a thing i would try to kill?
A...penny? .-.
A CHOCOLATE GUMMY WORM!!
A penny.
Yeah it's a penny lolz sorry for taking so long to reply.
Any more riddles?
So how many Bronys and MLP (My Little Pony) fans are out there?
duh fuqqqqqqqq
Im with shawn... What duh Fuckzzzzzzzzzzzzz
O.o
HEY HEY HEY! Back The Fuck Off Of My Little Pony! 
i watch that cartoon sometimes, shit be getting intense. 
though honestly i think that pink pony is a cheap skank...
My school has a day once every year called Dress up day and its compulsary to come....
Does anyone else have Dress up day at there school? where you get a chance to dress up as something... not causal clothes but actually costumes.....any one got any ideas what I could dress up as?
Has anyone been in a flash mob before? i was going to go into one but i got sick of the dance moves...

(a flash mob is when a huge group of ppl plan a huge dance rutine and choose a place to do it. everyone who is a part of the flash mob go to this place and act normal. a song starts playing and one person starts doing the dance rutine, then more n more ppl from the flash mob group joins in. evebtually theres a hug group dancing in a random spot n all ppl who arent a apart of it r wtf....lol)

(theres also freeze ones when ppl freeze instead of dancing. it gets really creepy when ur not apart of the group since everyone just freezes n stays like that for a few minutes)

if u havent been in one...have u seen one? theyre soo cool...
Can someone give me a link to the first video of Death Note please.?Or a good place to find it.The YouTube videos are all blured |:
I ussualy saw all the episodes on youtube in english
i actually go to a DVD rental store n watch anime from DVDs...stuff the internet
					
					

lolz umm I like the first one "Alexia Nightmare" and "Bloody Lexy"
lolz umm I like the first one "Alexia Nightmare" and "Bloody Lexy" Lol.. thnx
It's not really a nickname if it's longer than your first name, is it? But uhhhh,
I kinda like Alexia MightKill. Badass. xD
Bloody Lexy sounds awesome
It's not really a nickname if it's longer than your first name, is it? But uhhhh,I kinda like Alexia MightKill. Badass. xDI guess I should've wrote last name instead of nickname..its not the end of the world.. lol  MightKill xD
Bloody Lexy sounds awesome ThnQ
bloody lexy sounds pretty cool
					
					

1.Alexia KillingMelody2.Alexia Scream	    (though that kinda rips off pheobeSCREAM)
Alexia Torture:DD
Thanks all for telling me ur opinions
What is the most random dream you have ever had?
well.... i was walking down a hallway, of some sort of hotel or something. and there were amny doors with numbers on them. as i walked there was no end to the hallways that were in front of me. when i would turn a corner there was an entirely new hallway. then my friend pops up out of nowhere and as we walk past each other, i feel myself hating her.  IT WAS SO SCARYY!!
Oh wow, that would be scary.
hmmm..it started out as me being forced to strip in front of a window(with a curtain covering it) alone in a room...striping for the pirates outside...a guy comes on a moped and takes me away with him not wanting me to strip anymore...then a guy with long blonde hair pulls up in a mustang right beside me and the other guy on the moped and I move over to his car....he drives me to a trailer court to watch a poop bomb explode and cover everyone along with their houses...The End.
was that i am laying in bed not know what happening i couldn't feel any parts of my body and when i tried to look down all i sore was a pile of bones i was like WTF
A lion swallowing a lamb in slow motion
It's not totally random but I was once an old time gangster in the 1930's in this huge underground train-station with people everywhere =P .
I was licking a doorknob the entire dream. o_o
i had a dream that i was raped n den started enjoying it....
oh wow these dreams are wild! thanks for replying guys and girls
					
					

oh wow these dreams are wild! thanks for replying guys and girlsno more?  I wasn't technically done lmao
no i was just thanking those who replied. its not the end of the post i was just thanking people. you can write all you want to. so please continue if you were not done
Lolz Idk if I was or not besides the one I had last night...kinda weird.
My friends little brother and sis were our age and we were attending this school together but I always got them out of this dungeon detention spot and this is the dream that keeps repeating but different...same gothic looking area same mean teachers and bitch principle....well anyway this time his little brother was in there and so I got my key from under my matress and got him out but the janitor(a girl) was watching him. I got him out when her back was turned and when I faced her again she was looking at me evilly.
I had a dream I was black.
Dreams aye haha.. Well i have ALOT of zombie apocolypse dreams with lots of gore blood, and me shooting them with guns haha. But they become more real everytime its pretty annoying xD.. I had one dream just a few days ago where me and my group of random people were running from zombies and they looked and felt very real. I grabbed one that had shredded skin and burnt flesh and it felt gross xD.. it waas just ew and i would beat them and i kept running and running haha its to much to explain but what made it worse is that i woke up from my dream and told my mum ect about my dream and went to go have brekky ONLY to wake up in my bed realising that, that also was a dream. So i had a dream and woke up into another dream and then finally woke up xD so annoying i must say...
there was another wen me bro sis n mum went to go to a public swimming pool but this guy told us not to go in coz it was dangerous O.o
but we didnt listen so we went in n for sum odd reason there was a huge hedge maze thing n we got lost in it...but there was weapons n dead ppl all through the maze...(weird) we heard screams n such n we all freaked n den der was a polar bear killing everyone. we ran n was chased by this random evil polar bear. we grabbed bats n chainsaws to protect us but the polar bear slughtered my sis n bro...me n mum sumhow escaped...
it was weird n really gorey...
So i had a dream and woke up into another dream and then finally woke up xD so annoying i must say...So that is possible?O.o having one dream in another? Oh fuck...
hahaha yes it is possible!

I have had a dreams where I see my bio mum  *shudders* lil sis its horrible cause it seems so real....
there was also this one where was at school with my frinds but we had a slide and a pole for stairs O.o
and I fell down the slide cracked my head open and got back up n kept walking... and then the school is suddenly gone and in place are clouds....I fall through them and crash land on a giant Domo eating cheesecake....
I had a really odd dream about Ashley Purdy being a rapist. He captured me and Nicky Minaj then locked us in a very big fishtank. Soon after Corey Taylor came and saved us but then somehow I shot Andy Biersack in the foot then sliced his hand off with a Machete Knife. Very Weird. I couldn't remember the rest.
No offence to Andy.
lol
Dream Gone Nightmare:Me and my sister were just sitting bored in the living room of my house. Until she decided to go outside and come back in with a chainsaw. I asked her what she was doing and she asked if we should role-play Jack the Ripper....I am completely stupid in my dreams so I say okay then out of no where she turns it on and cuts me from the right side of my neck down to the middle left side of my stomach. 'It tickles' I said and she asked if we should try and cut off all my ghost fingers. I said hell no and ran out. She ran after me throwing knives at the back of my head....When I wake up I felt a welt where she cut me with the chainsaw but when I checked the mirror nothing was there. I doubt this was just a nightmare....
most random dreammmmm? pfffff i could write a  novel then. hmm let me think.

i was on a beach drawing in the sand like a sad little kid does with a stick, and my middle school is behind me. then is dissapears and a huge black berry  vines (no blackberries) forest appears. i walk in and see this chocolate chip pancake maker (my fav pancakes). so i made pancakes and then sit at the table that just appears and eats them. then a huge ape with a machine arm comes in and eat pancake with me. i was cool with it and just kept eating with him. then a army of zombie that wanted my pancake came in trying to get the pancakes. i jump on the apes back with the pancake and pancake maker, and started running. his arm could extend and beat the zombie up. then i woke up. THE END!
Yepp you kick mine and all my friends butts at that Random dream lolz
i hate it when i have dream about everyday life and then when i wake up im totally confused at if it actually happened or it was a dream... _
i dreamed jelly babys were atacking me in the public swimming bath O.0 in the dream it wasn't funny but it was REALLY REALLY scary  lolz
POST IT
one time this girl asked me if i was gay, not once, but twice. after making out with me lol
what were you listening to in your profile picture?
yeah serisouly, it looks like an awesome song. what was it?
Are you single?
seriously did you just say that to her then try to use the same line on me.. i don't think soo....
Someone asked me "Do you celebrate Christmas often?"
And I'm like..."not really... once a year. o_o"
					
					

My favorite question is "do i LOOK like i give a fuck?" LAWLZ
my sister always asks me if i have eaten her cookies when they disapear haha
People walk up and ask me "Is that a wig?"
im crying in class, like really balling, my best friend a guy..."are you okay."
i just looked at him, and said yes...2 minutes later and still upset he asks again. "are you okay" i just looked at him and said. "Yeah, couldnt be happier."
he said oh, ok, and kept working. GRRRRRRR guys are so clueless, no offence anyone
"Who shoved a cat up your ass?" God I love asking that hehe
WHY? 
"are you ok" is my favourite question because the consideration behind the thought isnt always there, tricky, tricky, tricky
'do these booty shorts make my ass look big?'
yes, yes they do mom.
"What is wrong with you?" :/ parents ask that all the time. Oh and, "Do you like hurting us this way?"  they ask that too
"why?"  "what are you?" "what are you doing?" "are you finished?" and "are you ok/hurt?"
'wat r u wearing?' or 'wat type of belly button do u have??'
My favorite question that I get a lot is "Did you REALLY dye your hair that color?!?!"
GO ahead and spam!Just answer this first! Do You like Anime/Manga?I KNOW SOME OF YOU DO!aNsWeR tHiS!
OMGS!~ yes I wuv anime/manga!!!! gotta love DeathNote!!! Zombie loan!!! Black Buttler!!! Witchblade!!!!
lolz PARTYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
^vv^^vv^^vv^^vv^^vv^^vv^^vv^
you are just begging to be banned, aren't you?

stupid thread
you are just begging to be banned, aren't you?stupid thread Nope I'm not begging...I like this site.but why are you like this? criticizing threads? (I'm allowed to get off subject for this)L off of Death Note is actually nice.
Well sorry if I come off as cold, but I'm just calling them like I see them.

And yes L is actually quite nice
I WUV L!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you are just begging to be banned, aren't you?stupid thread Since this is a 'spamming thread' why wud we get banned from the site????
lolz good point chelza
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^yup
WOOT WOOT!!! xD
Well sorry if I come off as cold, but I'm just calling them like I see them.And yes L is actually quite nice I love L alot and bawled when he died:/ then when Near took over I only thought 'AWWWE Aint he cute? but he'll never be the famous L.'
Is anyone else short on er???Weelll i am 147cm!!!!!!!!! URGH!!! n im nearly 17...yes i know im a short ass... .All the SHORTIES on this site shud join me n take revenge on all those TALL ppl hahaha!COME JOIN ME N WE WILL MAKE AN ARMY OF SHORTIES!!!
lolz can I join xD
ahh if u wnt...
oh wow, you are short. i guess this means we are enemies, because im 172cm tall.
Im not sure what 152cm would be. Small? Tall? Middle?
oh wow, you are short. i guess this means we are enemies, because im 172cm tall.WE ARE ENEMIES NOWZ!!!!!!!!!
Im not sure what 152cm would be. Small? Tall? Middle?i wud consider u short since ur bout 5cm taller than mee 
I consider people who are 160cm or taller are  tall...
I'm 5'4"...I do not know what that is in cm tho o.o
U r 152.4cm according to sum site i just went on...

UR IN
i wouldnt say u guys r short, i would say ur just "fun size"
IM NOT SHORT IM FUNSIZE!!!!

still short thou .
Naww thats a cute hight xD lol . 

I'm 176cm so I shouldn't be on this thread -.- lol. Although I used to be much shorter compared to everyone else back in the day!
'Fun Size' That made me laugh. xD
Fun size kinda sounds rude lol
Naww thats a cute hight xD lol .I'm 176cm so I shouldn't be on this thread -.- lol. Although I used to be much shorter compared to everyone else back in the day!ive been 147cm since i was like 10...now im 16, 17 in october n havnt grown...
150 cm c: im in!
WOOHOO!!! we shall all group up n choose our weapons!
Hell yes,
you have a cute height lolI'm 160 cmI don't think that I should be here .. lol xD


oh wow, you are short. i guess this means we are enemies, because im 172cm tall.so am I.
5'4  I've always been a proud shorty.SHORTIES WILL RULE THIS SITE!
Im 5'4  im in, i wish one of my friends would get on here shes 4'8  lol
WE WILL RULE THE WORLD MY SHORTIES!!!!ahhh u shud try get ur friend to join...
hahahaha yes!!!! MWHAHAHAHAHAHA we evil Shorties :3
MWAHAHAHA we kill all tallies!!!!!
hahahahahaha xDMWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAhAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAWE TAKE OVER DA WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OVER THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1yes yes yes
*holds my hand above my head*
Someone give me a highfive. 
Shorties.
Ha.
*gets a ladder*

HIGHFIVE!!!
Lmao! I love being so short
*gets a ladder*HIGHFIVE!!!Lmao. Need height assistance, ma'am?Jkjk
Lmao. Need height assistance, ma'am? Jkjkhaha ill just get sum tall person to sit on their shoulders n then ill be tall!!!!!!!!*mega highfive*
umm ....well the title explains it basically hahaha xD

I have petted a Crocodile, Koala, Kangaroo, birds, spider (unfortuantley), baby shark, ants (with mah foot!  )
cats, dogs.... icky bugs....bunnys....Chelza!! aka EmoChelza   she is very evil!! xD
Snake!!!!! RATS!!!! did you know slugs are very very dangerous!!!! oh and MOZZIES!!!! they are also very dangerous.... the most dangerous in the world!!!

so the question is..... DUN DUN DAAAAAAA!!!!

What Dangerous Animals have you petteddddd???!!! o.O
I HAV PATTTTEDEDEDEDEDED all those things plus BF he very scary n dangerous tehehehehehehe (shhhhhh dnt telll him i sed dat lol)
Most of the things you've patterd arn't scary silly =/ lol . I havent patterd anything scary at all really.. This huge lizard or snake is probably the scariest.
Hahahaha yeah woops xD  but some of them are dangerous!!! O.o I used to pick up lizards all the time as a child!! was so much fun would scare my sister with them xD

lolz chelza I will tell him :3
well, a chincilla sat on my head once, does that count? o.o
I petted a llama.
It smelled like sh*t.
[/endofstory]
i have petted.... a tiger and fed it, and koalas, and kangeroos, i used to own 3 snakes so i have had them all over me lol, we also had rats... to feed the snakes, and big lizards, and spiders. ect....
i've petted a sting ray and a llama and a camel(not sure how dangerous that one can be tho)
i kissed a cobra on it's head once, not really petting but i hope it counts
Not really scary/dangerous.
Elephant ,tiger ,cobra ,spider ,monkey ,bear sealion , dog , bearded dragon ,ect.
My moms from thailand but I live in tha USA.
Not really dangerous but really adorable.... I pet a baby panda because my mother was the caretaker..... But one dangerous thing was a hog nose viper
i swam with sharks and the biggest stig ray in australia aswell lol
i've petted a sting ray and a llama and a camel(not sure how dangerous that one can be tho) when i was little a camel tried to eat my dress.... lol
Uhm.... What do you do in your free time? Cause right now im bored cause all I'm doing is staring at a ceiling...  c: also I'm new to this so I'm just wanting to say hi
when bred i...sleepdrawlisten to musiceatdo sextingtxtstare at things randomlywrite stuffhw 
Hi  jk        i...sleep, read, listen to music, play guitar, go to raves, make kandi  oh and if you dont know what kandi is its pony bead bracelets and other things
I'm afraid to look under my bed cuz I might find something strange
The leaf to our dining room table, some posters i never hung up, and a few pieces of clothes. Sometimes my dog sleeps under there
idk Possibly a dead child? o.o
^ o.o.... lol

I have a camera, old CD's and I just found my license.
an unoped box with my desk chair in it...havnt got a desk yet .
lol xD i has boxeds fulls of stuffs from when was kid.... getting rid of them this weekend ^.^
Stuff with shoes in them
I have too many shoes
and I also store random boxes under there

King Kong is under there too
Under mine?I think it's a black hole...stuff gets sucked under there.trash...old school papers...ratty old notebooks...a garbage bag full of 10 dead babies...1 one each shoe...suit case...Megan Fox's dead body...frizz-bes...dog treats...oh and a couple of cups, knives, forks, and plates....yepp that's it...I may be a girl, but remember this: I share a room with my sister.
Car Keys to a car I owned two years ago, (Would have been great if I found them then.) A spoon, Package of red candles, A blue lighter, unopened can of Dr. Pepper, A few Cigarette butts, The box to some hairdye I used awhile ago, and one of my old gauges 00", and a book I never got around to reading.
Dust Bunnies!!
idk Possibly a dead child? o.othats nice
nothing. im a clean freak
a bunch of poems and stories that i wrote but wont get rid of
Hmm.... My bed is one of those wierd beds where there is only a top bunk...Under it RIGHT NOW:An ampA keyboardA lot of cordsA couchA large blanket with whales on themMy little cousin (sleeping on the couch)I don't know what else. It's too dark to see. *shrugs*
bags filled with all my clothes, a few huting knives, alcohol, an old shirt covered in  blood :/
my little sisters games and a mini bouncey house 0.0 haha
the den of the monster i killed a couple weeks ago and cooked over a fire i built in my room at 3 a.m.
					
					

old notebooks, a box of drawings, some collectable rocks and minerals, long forgotten papers, a shoe, some ninja tools, an old acusticG, pokemon cards, a stash of fruit snacks, aaand a portal to Keizaal :3
i have a whole crapload of stuff b cuz my bed is raised
kina like wut amii described
whats the biggest misake u made it can b any thing NO FLAMING/HATING
i HaD tHe UrGe to POST this!My bell just rang...END OF SCHOOL2 more weeks.....how many weeks for you guys?Seniors Rule!
I'm already out of school. I'm registered for college and everything though. 
I'm graduating this Saturday, and I feel freakin' awesome!
I gotz like 6 weeks left still
6 wks till end of semester1.....then 2 more terms to go...
then yr 12
Whoa seriously?
yep yep shucks.... just want school to end
I only have 2 weeks (not including this week)
6 wks till end of semester1.....then 2 more terms to go...then yr 12 And WHAT!? How did that happen?
that awkward moment when the moment isnt awkward but when you point out that the moment isnt awkward it becomes awkward 0.o
exactly! if no one would point it out and rather just say something random and point off in the distance then it would just be a humorous moment
The only time I feel awkward is when someone talks but their voice doesn't fit their appearance. o.o
Like a big, muscular guy with a wimpy ass voice. xD
watch the you tube clip on my profile then please leave a comment

p.s i do not own any of this
sweet
the title speaks for itself. now tell me. I MUST KNOW :3
nothing
Aw Shawn you're no fun .-.
what's a klondike bar?  o_o
what's a klondike bar?  o_oIt's a kind of ice cream. It's a square shaped ice cream bar with Vanilla on the inside with a chocolate shell on it.I would give Johnny Depp a gel pen with a tag that says "From Jessi the huge ass fan " O.o
neva heard of it....
I'd watch 6 minutes of Jersey Shore for a Klondike bar. o_e
					
					

I'd watch 6 minutes of Jersey Shore for a Klondike bar. o_eThat is terrible D: You must be desperate.
That is terrible D: You must be desperate.I am. I really crave ice cream right now. xDAnd if I have to deal with 360 seconds of orange mutations (tanned Italians) being ignorant, so be it. :| lol
I am. I really crave ice cream right now. xDAnd if I have to deal with 360 seconds of orange mutations (tanned Italians) being ignorant, so be it. :| lolI GET ICE CREAM TODAY IN CHOIR  envy meeeeee :3I'd listen to a One Direction song.
i would be NORMAL for an entire day. id go through that horror for one of those delicious things... *shivers*
I'd hug an ostrich
I've fallen head over heels or A** over tea kettle for this guy who says he loves me but wont break up with his girlfriend for me and i just dont know what to do anymore i just cant be asked with this... i need help.
I'm sad to say but a man who won't give up everything for a girl he "loves" isn't worth crap. That goes triple for a guy who won't give up another girl.
If he truely loved you he wouldn't have thought twice about giving up the other girl. I'm sorry.
i tend to try and forget bout it wen i lyk sumone n he doesnt...or d same situation ur in...
There is never no one another person can't have unless there taken all ready. If you apply your self you can get them =) . If you don't end up getting them then it just wasn't ment to be.
I have a tendency to get obsesive and borderline creepish so I try and stay away from them unless I know they like me.
the best thing to do would be to get over your feelings and move on. thats what i would do.
					
					

Easier said than done.
I freaking love milk! and cheese.. and yoghurt.. basically almost everything dairy xD lol . 

OMFG and custard :3 . Idk if thats dairy or not if it isn't it is now!! 

But yeah the jist is I love dairy stuff and I'm gonna marry a cow one day.  You like dairy stuff?
Cheese yep... love cheeses, but the rest just makes me barf everywhere.
Cheese Ftw but i love frozen gogurt the best ;3
I like all kinds of dairy like ice cream, milk, yogurt, and frozen yogurt
but I dont ussually eat cheese
Milk is amazing! same wiv cheese! n ice cream!
I like a lot of things that milk in it but don't drink just milk
Cheese is the best ever!!!!
Soooo... i have just recently been talked into joing our schools version of the voice...

i have no idea what song to do.... if anyone has any ideas...

a well known song would be good....
if ur into soul n slow music...maybe do an Adele song
but if ur more punky maybe a Pink song, avril or evanescene
Sad being black and made fun of, especially when emo. Any supporters?
It is fucked up that people make fun of you for being emo and black dude. i Support you 100%!!!!! Who cares what they think! There just ass holes
where i live its all black people who love rap and in the only black in the whole town who is emo
Racism is a fucking horrible it really angers me.. All race's are equal. I'm sorry this is happenining to you =( *hugs*
Just ignore it. It's easy.
Some people like you, some people don't.
Thats fucked up. Its terrible to judge a person by their skin color.
Just so you all know Shawn is my daughter   that is all!Muahahahahah!
LMAO Shawn and Snow are my daughters
how the fuck does that work? 0_0
Leah said im ur daughter and your her brother earlier so this post in now invalid xD
o_o  oh gawd.

someone delete this thread ASAP!
lmao
0.9 awkward
So, there's a "facebook for gamers" that I'm a part of, and they're doing a poll on which console people think "won" this generation. You can choose between PS3, Xbox 360, and PC (PC may not technically be a console, but more controversial games than Wii). Once the results are out, I'll be sure to update this thread with that. Thanks, and happy voting 
Although Microsoft has great graphics there to expensive while sony on the other hand is free to play online. I would choose sony also because of all the devices there coming out with when microsoft is sticking to the simple stuff.
I love the 360 and have had one for years but I  finaly got a PS3 about 2 weeks ago. I think that the 360 has better system specific games than the PS3. The PS3 runs cooler and faster than the 360, and it also has a built in Blue-Ray player. The 360 is smaller and is built with a vertical stand, which helps when you have limeted space for a console. My biggest complaint about the PS3 is controller ergonomics its highly uncomfortable to use for long periods of time, due to its narrow fram. The 360 controller is a lot more comfortable allthough it may be a bit heavier. So I have to swing more on the 360 side.
So I am going to a school dance ( the thought of it horrifies me)  and its girls choice ( which I hate since in my skool u refuse and get a detention) I was asked by a sophmore girl ( I so wanted to say no) and now I'm going...i had to pay 149 dollars for us both ( well there goes my three weeks of work) and all of a sudden she says she has a bf and is just gunna meet him inside after we walk Inside... so this is gunna ruin my day.... I got used and was aware the whole time and have the school rules and school itself against me....so that's not fair right... even worse I told the principle I had to pay for surgery.....I get accused of lying and have to go or get a week suspension.... what do i do....this is worse then when the football team tried to jump me ( notice how I said tried..) they failed lol...
:-C
Why u put that face???
:OOOO
Gtrrrrr
Why u put that face???because thats sad
Oh
O.o sounds like you've had a tough time
Well I'm back yet again lol -.- . Should be for a while.
haha welcome back
Welcome bACK bro
Hey everyone, Brian here.I need your help. Me and my best friend are going to try and raise as much money as we can for a foundation called the Sophie Lancaster Foundation. It's a foundation which promotes a message of acceptance and tolerance among people of different subcultures. The foundation was set up when a women named Sophie Lancaster and her boyfriend where beaten up in 2007 for being different and being into rock music and such. Sophie later passed away in hospital from her injuries suffered in her assault. Two teenages - the eldest just 16 - were later found guilty of her murder.Please come up with as many ideas that we can do as you can and help us raise money for this charity.If you want anymore information on this foundation visit SOPHIELANCASTERFOUNDATION.COMThank you in advance.
Do you mean cause?
What exactly are you going to do in the charity? o.o
what does the charity do?
good for you
Alright, so for anyone who has read the Death Note mangas.

If you were in Light's position, if there was such thing as a Death Note, would you do it? Would you write names down in the note book?
I would. _ There are a lot of people I know who's sole purpose in life is to make people miserable.
Like my mother. 
But yeah I'd do it. If I didn't have to go to hell.
(I'd turn into a shinigami wouldn't I?)
i prob wud...
get rid of d ppl dat ruin d world...
i actually think it was a gd idea to kill all the criminals...
KIRA is our saviour 
Hello Bow Ties are cool

Who are you? I am The Doctor


UMMMM so guys and girls I WAS wondering DOES ANY OF YOU'S LIKE DOCTOR WHO

if so whats your fav qoute , monster , line, episode , doctor  and tardis
They're coming. The Angels are coming for you, but listen - your life could depend on this - don't blink. Don't even blink. Blink and you're dead. They are fast, faster than you could believe. DON'T turn your back, DON'T look away, and DON'T BLINK. Good luck. = fav qoute david tennant

Jennifer Lucas one of my fav characters along with rory , matt and amy

I like the Tennth Doctor

fav epispode = The doctors Wife Ep.4

i rather the human version of the tardis

Monster: the Ood , the headless  monks ,the siren ,the weeping angels ,
					
					

Weeping angels freak me out like none other.Favorite regeneration: 10Favorite 'villan': The Master.Favorite 'monster': The Ood. They're adorable.Big day for a fan of walls. - Eleventh Doctor, The God Complex
"Oh my lord, she's a cactus."Lol, no seriously, I have two favorite quotes from Doctor Who that I can think of off the top of my head."The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don't always soften the bad things, but vice-versa, the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant." - The Eleventh Doctor"Courage isn't just a matter of not being frightened, you know. It's being afraid and doing what you have to do anyway." - The Third Doctor
and before I start, I couldn't really decide if this should be here, member wars, or the fashion section, so I stuck with here.I was shopping for a new swim suit yesterday and I saw something that totally disgusts methey make push-up bikinisreally, world?if you want to look like a slut, just wear a plain old push-up bra to the beach or something, idfcleave the decent looking bikinis to people like me who could afford to lose a bit of what I haveI mean seriouslyso many of the cute looking bikinis are push-ups nowand if you've seen me, you know I definitely don't need any help therelsdkjgfI just can't even anymore.[/rant]
random much...
I warned you, did I not?
haha yea...i guess push up bras arent dat bad if u dnt hav big boobs...but if u hav big boobs i think a push up bra wud b a bit weird...
but im tooo self concious so id only wear bikini if i was wearing a top wiv it...
Just thought I might as well make one of these here since a lot of us here are hitting the age that we must sit these horrific things.

Anyway, I was wondering if any of the older members or anyone for that matter had any good tips to help us maximise our studying or give us a good way to drag ourselves away from the computers long enough to make a half decent go at revision. Right, floor is open to ideas.
Well I turned 18 in December, almost finished my 3 A Levels and will then hopefully be going to university in september.

The only thing I can say is to make notes as concise as possible, be sure to look at past papers and answer the questions then go through with the mark scheme yourself, then keep doing it until you get it right. Did that to a biology paper, got an E in the first exam last year, did exactly that and got it up to a B, so yeah xD
Never really revised so I wouldn't know but uh... intense revision apparently doesn't help as much as people feel, whereas frequent lighter doses is meant to? As in reminding yourself of formulas periodically for maths.
HEY GUYS! ME AND MY FRIEND R FIGHTING AGAINST WHO WILL RULE THE WORLD!!
CHICKENS OR UNICORNS!!

i personally go 4 chickens!!!
GO THE CHICKENS AND KILL THE UNICORN!! MWAHAHAHA
Noooo unicorns!!!!!
They win hands down!!
unicorns!!!		    enough said.-.
Agreed!!
Sorry But I have to say UNICORNS!!
then i have to say: "good choice"
well since unicorns don't really exist... ima have to go with chickens ruling the world
UNICHICKENS!!!!!!!!!!
UNICORN would rule if they existed..so therfore CHICKENS..but then again chickens are very stupid creatures...so UNICORNS!
LMFAO TOXIC_MELODY!!! *KISSES AND HUGS*-JUSTLOVEME- FOR UR INFO, CHICKENS R SMART!!!THATS CAUSE THEY CAN LAY EGGS!!!! lolCAN WE LAY EGGS? NOi think chickens might me smarter than us.....lolI LUV U SnowdollKaedia !!!!! * KISSES*
lol Unicorns will always be better than any animal!
D: No ManPony ish better than any animal!! 
He ish part Unicorn and part Awesome Magical Pony!! :3 he ish 8 months now xD
I go for tacos  woot. long live pandas!  ~~~~ omg I love squiggles!
i think it would be a mixture like a: Chorn or Unicken
What type of question is that...lol.. UNICORNS
UNICORNS!!!!!!!!!!!
UNICORNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
someone loves unicorns.....
UNICORNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
unicorn!!!!!
CUPCAKES.
EVIL
CUPCAKES.
UNICORNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh and DOMO!!!!!!!!!!!!!


oh yeah and GLOOMY BEAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love chickens, I really do. But Twilight Sparkle is a unicorn. So I must say unicorn I honor the Brony code.
Chickens they can't fly, they make funny noises, and they walk in a weird way!!!! They taste good too
UNICYCLES! :3 Lawlz!
I still stand by my unichickens.
UNICORNS!!!!!!!!!
Neither

I am Amii, therefore I rule the world :3
just because they lay eggs doesn't mean they are smarter!!! they do thta to reproduce..and if they were smart, they'd find a way to stop humans from taking their eggs ^-^
UNICORNS hands down! =D
UNICORNS
da cunts try and take me away,but ayyy im not giving up fuck what they say, i still love you forever and always, not gonna let them stand in my way,not for another day,  gonna get my say, dont care what they say, i love ya mum, i really really love ya, i wish i could be with ya right now but the stupit cow got in the way, id do anything to be with ya but what can i do, all i can do is hope, and try to cope, stay away from all that dope i miss ya mum, i really really miss ya, your always on my mond, its making me go crazy, im sorry mum, im really really sorry but this is rough, hurting me worse than a deep cut, dont shut me out, i need ya mum, i really really need ya my heart aches and bleeds for ya! xoxo
Does any of u actually hav natural curly hair n just straghten it?
I do...mee curls r horriible...
Im soo jello since mum has natural straight hair...but she wnts curly hair...
Dats just stupid...straight hair is waay beta...
i have natural kinks
My hair is a mix between wavy, straight, and curly xD it's so odd when I just let it air dry
my hair is natural straight
My hair is a mix between wavy, straight, and curly xD it's so odd when I just let it air dryhahaha same XDmy hair is slowly becoming more curly though..... this morning when i woke up the top half my hair was straight and the ends were like in ringlets!!!
I doooooo~
And it's soo annoying D:
natural kinks are hard to straighten out
My Mums Hair IS Super curly!! So i have Really Wavy Hair!!! Thats is why my flat Iron is my best friend!!!!
No I wish..my hair is plain straight but I 
yes, it sucks doesn't it?!
My hair is better left unsaid about .
yes. i straighten it every day.
I have super curly hair. If i straiten it, it will curl up within 5 minutes. just look at my picture.haha. sometimes i hate it, sometimes i love it.
My hair is quite wavy with the occasional ringlet, I actually don't mind it sometimes, its fun and much easier just to do something with it normal instead of spending forever straightening it
My hair is really wavy now that i cut it short and it is such a pain straightening it everyday
My hair is way curly.....its like Taylor swifts hair but mines more natural. And better looking c: ha suck that tylor swift I win!
My hair is naturally straight, but I wish it was curly :c -sadtimes-
Yesh omfg its soooooo annoyiiinnnggg i have to wake up like super early to straighten it before school even thou by the end of the day it starts getting wavey again.. .
My hair is a mixture between Straight and Wavey .. but at most its kinda straight
My hair is straight, wavy, and curly :DDD
but the bottom is ringlets, the middle is wavey, and the top is straight :DD
it looks pretty though so i mostly just leave it taht way. or i straighten it. i rarely ever curl it :PP
My hair was naturally curly and thick but when I got my hair cut the lady cut like most of my hair off so it's SO much thinner and easier to straighten. I'm like in love with my hair now
i hav naturlly wavy hair and its thick to soo annoying
My hair is naturally pretty straight. But the longer it gets the more it seems to become wavy, so I straighten it each morning.
I've stopped caring anymore and just let it do its own thing
wrong section to be honest
I don't know how to start this paper. It's on eating disorders. Help meh?
Find a victim of an eating disorder on the interweb (bulemia?) Open up with her, about how she had a normal life, blah blah blah, until BAM

She has the eating disorder. Then begin to talk about eating disorders, what they are, how they can effect you. Mention the girl throughout the entire event, talking about

what happened with her. Talk about the signs, and all that other good stuff...

Just a thought though....

Helpful?
Kinda xD
My grandma said my aunt had an eating disorder once
I can use her
YEEEAAAAHHHH!!!!!! Personal relationships always help with a paper

Uuhhh....

At the end, talk about getting help/oversoming it and end with what ur gma did
*cough*aunt*cough*
Myeh
Go speak to a doctor, they can't give names or personal details but if you ask nicely they could give you generic stories of 'people' as well as medical information, statistics and a professional opinion - you just have to ask and stress it's for a piece of school work and you want to do it right and see if they could spare you 20 mins to talk about it.

Visit forums dedicated to it, there are some as I've been on them and don't treat them like test subjects because that's wrong, however you can get to know them and their problems without announcing it's for a paper just to get a better understanding yourself.

I always open these papers with a quote from a documentary, so go find a documentary on eating disorders, possibly a couple.. watch them, snag a touching quote that you feel aptly describes your feelings on the topic and from there jump into what you're doing and why and then onto research you've done (books are good so search google books) to establish the foundations for your paper.

Then move onto the aforementioned professional opinion and medical details as well as cases of people with these problems (could even refer to articles from newspapers that have covered it as there will be some, i.e people taken to hospital from eating disorders) and personally I'd end with a conclusion of the causes and proposed solutions or help methods for people with this. Also search for help groups online just to refer to as points for people to turn to.
You: its completely human and cant be helped if ur mad. i know tht it might have felt/feels that way, but ur not to blame. and it's okay, it was a while ago. I barely remember.... just remember "emotional rehab"(1)Stranger: Yeah and thts why I like don't care for pain anymore cuz ik it will go away eventually(2)Stranger: It's emotional pain I'm afraid ofYou: emotional pain is, im afraid, the hardest to deal with but we all need to go through it. what doesnt kill u makes u stronger, and trust me it wont kill u.Stranger: Yeah...thanks:) did anyone help you thru ter rough times???You: my stepmom, who helped me face who i am, my friends,(3) who kept me sane through it, and my cat, who gave me some fur to cry into.You: and maybe my shrink lol(4)Stranger: Awes..and lucky my stepmom was a bitch. And my rents keptcme in solitary like all thru it..Stranger: And lolYou: o mine is too.(5) she just is very inspiring. she's like a bipolar sports coachYou: but for troubled teensNotes:1.) dont ask. please dont. It was a bad nickname for a part of my life that sucked.2.) on the topic of cutting.3.) I love my friends. They helped me so much.4.) i go to therapy. dont hate.5.) A bitch i mean. My stepmom is a bitch. or she can be really nice. Thats why I said bipolar so...
ummm, okay. i did not understand this at all   care to explain?
My step mom is like  that to!
lol, I don't think this is really advice. Maybe it's just an in depth conversation. 

My advice: There are naked old guys on omegle. Enter at your own risk. o_o
Or maybe that's chattoulette. . Whichever, lol.
					
					

Hey,Brian here, bored as fuck, as usual and I got thinking about dates.My worse date was when we were in this restaurant and I wouldn't order anything healthy (I don't do healthy food) and she literally stood up and told everyone that I wouldn't order healthy food and threatened to dumb me and and walk out if I didn't order what she wanted me to. So that was really awkward.And my best date was when we went ice skating. It was so funny XDAnywho, what's your best and worse date and why.?
Oh lol that is awkward 
Ummm my worst date would be with my ex boyfriend and we went to the some school play and he totally ditched me to hang out with his friends so I sat there in the seats by myself like an idiot for like 20 minutes haha
My best date would be with my girlfriend and we went to the movies and we cuddled the whole time and it was rly sweet ^^
I can't think of my worst date (i only have 3 ex's)but my best date would have to be when i was with my ex and we went to the mall with a few of our friends. we started walking toward the store and we all stopped except for this one guy. He thought we were still behind him, but really, we sat at a table while he walked aimlessly around the store. it took him a while to realize he was alone. haha.

I've only been on one date :\
It sucks...
My worst date. He drank wayy too much and ended up making out with me then turned to the girl next to him and stuck his toungue down her throat. I ended up pouring beer all over his door later in the night while he was locking himself in his bedroom. (yes I know, i'm attracted to weirdos)My best date. He took me to meet his brother and his brothers girlfriend. We showed up at this apartment and before we went in he said "be careful, she's nuts and she doesn't get along with girls. I watched her break a glass on some guy at the bar, she's scary." So of course I was thinking this night was going to be a nightmare. I ended up meeting THE MOST AWESOME amazing chick I will EVER meet again in my life. We had plans up until the day she passed to run away together and disown guys altogether. I miss her very much but it's okay, we'll meet again :]My best love Z* can't go faceless!
Wow. I love her piercings and hair XDAnd it all sounds like you girlies have fun XD

forever alone!!!!!
Ummm best date with my ex boyfriend we went to a home game (football) and we cheered on the team but left half way through the game and went to a ice cream shop and shared a ice cream... then he brought me home and kissed me in his car (please note tht i was 17 o this date and still a virgin)

wrose date was we went to a club (which i hated) and he started to try and make me drink and when i wouldn't drink he went and started dancing with other girls then he wasn't around so i sat at the bar and talked to the waiter (who gave me his number) after that i left with out my date and walked to a bar that my friend worked at.
What an asshole :|
yeah i guess... I didn't go back out with him
My worst date when I went to a party with a girl but she was using me to make her ex jealous n then dumped me to go back out with him... best date. Nvr had one.. always got used... I could say best one was when I took my ex to the beach and we had fun relaxing but she dumped me after...
i never had a bf that took me on a real date
That sux alot... u deserve someone who would... everyone does..
Ooooh this is gonna be good. I like this post. Thumbs up Brian.

Ha, worst date... mmmmt exact but. Well I went with this guy to the movies after drinking, like a lot xD ,  I was wearing this wittle dress (it was SUPPOSED to be warm outside) but hell no it wasn't, it was as cold as hell  and the wind kept blowing and there were old perverts on every freaking block so. Anyways so here we are making out in the theater and then I hear someone  say "Alexa? What are you doing here?" I turn around and there's my mom and her fiance xD Shyeah. It wasn't the worst date I've been on but still. I was drunk and making out with my boyfriend. Lovely. She didn't catch on that I was drunk until later. My boyfriend and I then proceeded to walk out of the theater (quickly might I add)  The sun had gone down and the night was bitter. I slapped myself over and over again for going practically naked. So, there we are in the bitter cold and suddenly- it's starts to rain. Yay, now it's freezing rain! The wind didn't seem to want to die down either and I could've sworn we were having another tornado. Yeah, you try being drunk wth some horny bastard all over you while you're trying to run to a car (which you can't remember where you parked)  in the freezing rain while it appears a tornado has just hit the city o.O  That day fucking sucked in general.

Anyways on to the best date 

We actually had this one at my house. It was quite simple, we played tennis for awhile (Cause we're both beast at it)  then we went and got some monster energy drinks (you'd understand why that part was fun if you've ever seen me drink a monster)  so we went home and made out for what seemed to be the longest time, we were watching some movie, though I can't remember  w.one .
my first date
was no one. i never kssed someone and i never had a date with someone.
THIS IS FOREVER ALONE!
I dated this guy for 3 months and we were really close until he cheated on me twice.. because of that my relationships haven't lasted that long because i worry too much now  
never been on a date but i'm ok with that
I've never even had a girlfriend haha. Well, I have one now, but I met her online so we never actually met, so no dates. Like dark light, I'm forever alone.
I've never been on a date cuz pretty much all the guys that I've met r ugly or r afraid to talk to me. But I don't mind teehee.
Gosh, my worst date was with this male genital named Charlie. He was mad because he had to pay 300 bucks to fix his car right before our date.
He was yelling the entire time. 
Originally, we were suppose to go to the movies or bowling or something, but he decided to not use his GPS and drove us into the country.
And then asked if we could have sex in his car when we were lost!  Of course I rejected him, and I had to talk him into using the damn GPS, and of course he complained. Finally we were in the city again,and right when I knew where I was, I jumped out of the car and called my brother to pick me up. 
Worst date ever.
------
The best date ever would be this guy named Milo took me to the park. We got in cardboard boxes and slid down a hillside. It was simple, but really fun.
Gosh, my worst date was with this male genital named Charlie. He was mad because he had to pay 300 bucks to fix his car right before our date.He was yelling the entire time.Originally, we were suppose to go to the movies or bowling or something, but he decided to not use his GPS and drove us into the country.And then asked if we could have sex in his car when we were lost!  Of course I rejected him, and I had to talk him into using the damn GPS, and of course he complained. Finally we were in the city again,and right when I knew where I was, I jumped out of the car and called my brother to pick me up.Worst date ever.------The best date ever would be this guy named Milo took me to the park. We got in cardboard boxes and slid down a hillside. It was simple, but really fun. The best date sound SO UBER FUN! Take me wif u next time :3 lawlzAnd lol, u said genital  Did u mean geniral or something? And ew! I woulda grabbed the gps, punch him in the neck and ran for my everlivin life!
					
					

Are we insane? MAYBE Do we suffer from it? NOPES. So come one and come all insane people. Join us in our insanity- don't be afraid to lose your mind for awhile  So here's to our insanity- a tribute to all whose minds have wandered and never returned. Go ahead- post something stupid, something senseless, something impossible that doesn't make sense. That's the point of this thread, to see how much insanity EMOPUDDLE contains.Come on, you know you want to join us.You know you wanna post something random  Plus, this will shut Shawn up( lol no offense) because he thinks we make pointless threads. So this is the place ^.^ Just take all your hyperness out here. Join the sanely insane  Welcome to CANDYLAND!!!!!!!!!
I LOVE BEING Asmurf  
I love being a random person with an evil flying shinigami that never does anything for me XD
I calls them lil rice men. Hehe. Buffalo buffalo buffalo.That's a proper sentence, you know.*laughs*
meh .

pineapples rule the skies!!!

penguins !!!!!

party!~!!!!!!
*starts random dancing*
*sits there and stares at Alexa*

*starts playing with pengin teddy bear*
*STRIPS naked* woot woot woot woot woot omgomgomg all hail lord TEDDY BEAR HEHEHEHE   FREE HUGGLES FOR EVERYONE YAY NAKED HUGGLES
Hehe now where la fuck did my phone run off to? .
mwhahahahahaahahaha the purple flying pink wombats ate it!!
o.O
dancing dinasours!! O.O
Omg FRIED ORANGE PANDA TACOS WITH PEANUT BUTTER!!!!!!!!
Purple Turkies dancing with Domo
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do you like green eggs and ham?


This is a scary thread man...
This is a scary thread man...another group of people that think they are random but are annoying....
That's kinda mean..
another group of people that think they are random but are annoying....Maybe we think you're annoying.You know, you should try not to ruin everyone else's fun.Get a life.Sorry but I've had it with you and Shawn.Yeah you have a right to judge but keep your unwanted comments to yourself.Putting other people down is never the answer.
Gah I'm just sick of people like you.
Sticking labels on people like you know them.
So many things I want to say .
Get a life.get a life. get swift cover =_= also stop with all the pointless threads! __
Okay that's it. I'm done. I'll never post another thread, because according to some people. they're all pointless anyway. 
Guess I'll just have to save myself from now on .
WHAT!!!  

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NEVA!!!!!!!!
					
					

Maybe we think you're annoying.You know, you should try not to ruin everyone else's fun.Get a life.Sorry but I've had it with you and Shawn.Yeah you have a right to judge but keep your unwanted comments to yourself.Putting other people down is never the answer.THIS IS STILL A POINTLESS ANNOYING THREAD. ~thats all~
Quite frankly you're not worth my time.
quite frankly this thread wasnt worth anyones time .-.
i think, and i know im gonna get bashed for this, that suicidedoll is being quite a bitch.   i dont wanna hurt anyone   but thats just what i think...

*waits for my reputation to go down*
					
					

lol your more likely to have your rep go up by saying that xD
Yup.COOKIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what kind, what kind,what kind??? Sugar...no....Chocolate Chip my favorite! hmmmm....Milk would go good with these....but im lactose intolerant....oh wellz. *nom nom nom* all i think about is food!!! Yummy yumm yumm.Do you ever feel like you want to start jumping around the room wildly yelling crazy nonsense???? well i feel that way right now. Do you want to join me? ^-^

I'm back. 

That's all there is to say. 

That, and there's some RUDE people on here 


YOU'RE A FREAK
LIKE ME!
*sigh* to everyone, that I've been.. a bitch? to.. sorry. Even you Bandito. I felt the need to make things right, even if I am ridiculed. This was just a thread that was meant to helpful,but it got turned into something that could belong in the member war section.... it was only meant for fun, for entertainment purposes, not for this, not for fighting.
wait your suicidedoll? O.o
Yeah, she is. I knew from the beginning.
Man. I missed a lot in this thread, didn't I?
wait so if you get banned you can just make a new account? .-. kinda makes the ban pointless... js

and yeah you did mickey xD
Roses are red
My name is Jon
this makes no sence
Microwave
Well Toaster to that! No, I think this thread is creative. I'm a bit ADHD and sometimes I need to vent a little ^.^ it can get crazy sometimes so...
She got banned?
who what when why? anybody want some pie? ^.^
yeah she did mickey
Like. Forum banned or chat banned? Who banned her? Lol.
no like completly banned from ep
Interesting.
i want to ride a fairy riding a unicorn that pukes leprachauns!
LOL I just want to know :3
On a slow day: About 100 a day
On a busy day: Anywhere from 300-500 a day
Probably about the same, usually have to delete my messages twice a day as my phone gets too full :L
I delete my messages so my mom doesnt read them :3
Too many XD
i only send like 10 texts a day max...  me=forever alone xD
I delete my messages so my mom doesnt read them :3same
I hardly ever have credit sadface
i hav infinite txtn so i hav no idea how many i do....but my txts r kinda dirty n such so i delete as i go coz my dad sumtimes goes through mee fone :3
yeah I delete mine later that day!! But on a regular day 100-500 depending on what im doing that day!! slow day maybe 50 or less
Usually none, sometimes one or two... at most 20
i only send like 10 texts a day max...  me=forever alone xDUsually none, sometimes one or two... at most 20i am the same _
^^same. But i choose not to text people. if i saw you today, why am i texting you? ._. plus i just be to lazy to text back. xD
way to many!!!
Probably around 100. I only ever actually have conversations with one person via text, so it depends on whether they reply to me or not, lol.
Um... 6,000 a month.. just.. divide that up and find the average for each day...
I've only been texting one person lately so maybe like 100 a day. xD
I send way to many. But sometimes it is the only way to contact people.
Well guys, I'm not going to be on here for long, but I'd love to talk and get to know anyone.. so has anyone got facebook and interested in having a nice chat  
************************************is my name on facebook
					
					

-sigh- 

Alright, so this... I don't know where it belonged so I just put it here. I'll proabably be moved though .
Totally agree with you!! they should have a system where you get at least 3 warnings and a temp 24hour ban before you get fully baned!!
1. i give people more than 3 warnings before i even kick them. 
2. no one ever gets banned on a whim, if you don't follow the  rules and don't listen when your told to fix that problem. you gotta go ._. Obey the rules or Leave. Simple as that.
3. If Modds only banned people when they felt like it, there would be no one here besides a handful of people.
4. you only been here for a few hours at best. You haven't seen a Modd in action before(its safe to assume) so stop listening to people, you should have seen for yourself it was true or not before you this thread .-. 
5. if your friend got banned for good, then it must have been for a very good reason. like duhh.
6. no one randomly banns, its the same as number 3. 
7. and for FYI people do get temp bann. Half the time they rage quit and don't come back. Thier problem, not Ours.
 Also number 1 and 2 only pretains to freshly noobs. Older members should know the rules. if not, thats your problem. I give no sympathy when it comes to that. If you do wrong, you get kicked. This goes alongs with my friends to. I give no special treatment. Break the rules repeatedly, your gone. Simple as that. -shruggs- im a Modd before a friend anyhow. ^__^ 
Im a Chat Modds. So obviously, im only talking about the chat rules and such.
					
					

There is already a topic about this where it belongs, in serious discussion.
Blaming global warming is like blaming yourself.
Okay. So I've noticed something that bugs me. A lot. Imagine you're explaining to your friend what a party is going to be like. You give this explanation in full detail, ending up with a message about 2 paragraphs long. Then as your friend is replying, they simply type "K". ....K what? Korn? Kit Kats? Knowledge? Maybe sharks, perhaps. Shark has a K. Please comment if this irks you as well. ~
its annyoing especially when you write a really long deep message and they just reply with just one word.... like k
I go off when people do that.
especially when you are telling private stuffs and emotional stuffs
yeah!! or you ask them something and all they say is k its like that doesnt even answer the question!! 


That's what drop kicking is for
especially when you are telling private stuffs and emotional stuffs  Oh, EXACTLY.
That's what drop kicking is for  Haha
haha

k.
if u wn the lottery n got $200,000.00 wat wud u do wiv it...
...
...
theres a lot of things....dat id do...
go shoppping crazy n get
clothes!
shoes!
accessories!
giv sum $ to charity!
get a car...
get piercings!
get tattoos!
get my heair done!
etc...
...
...
...
wat wud u do wiv d $?
Nothing I don't already do.
Hey.! This is bored 2. Haha awesome.!Hey guys, Brian here. After doing college work non-stop for the past 3 weeks I can no longer be fucked to do anymore. So, I got thinking about bands I wanted to go see live and here are a few:-- Suicide Silence-- Alesana [Seen them already but I would definitely go again]-- Asking Alexandria [Already seen then but I would definitely go again]-- Bring Me The Horizon-- Motionless In White-- Glamour Of The Kill [Already seen them but I would definitely go again]-- Black Veil Brides [Already seen them but I would definitely go again]-- Deaf Havana-- The Devil Wears Prada-- Pierce The Veil-- Sleeping With SirensAnd I'm not gonna list anymore because believe me, the list goes on.So my question for you is; Which bands you do you wanna go see live and is there any you've already seen but would see again.?
iv neva been to a concert...sadface muchi want to see...Black Veil BridesGreen DayParamorePierce the veilFalling in ReverseSleeping with the sirensEvanasceneBOTDFnightmare of youskilletflyleafbullet for my valentineAidena thorn for every heartI REALLY WNT TO C BVB COZ IM IN LUV WIV DEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!and yea...
Where have you gone for Halloween?
Do you like them?
Work at them?
Etc. :PP
I actually work at one.
And the first one I went to was when I was 10. i cried D::
Im such a scaredy cat! :PP
I've always had this odd facination with hell, more like an extreme curiousity about it.  My biggest question about it is, who goes to hell?  I have my own ideas, but I'm quite curious about what everyone else thinks.  I would like to see what people think about who goes to hell, and why.  If you would indulge in my strangeness, please tell me what you think :]
There is no reason to believe that God is so superficial, spiteful and cruel as to send us to eternal punishment for anything we do in our pathetic human lives, especially just not believing in Him, or that a fool who claimed to be His Son but actually just repeated the things done by at least five other ancient deities was telling the truth.
I'm Going to the Fair tommorrow!! Any suggestions on any stupid things i should do while there??
and any stupid things i should say to random people ??
HEY PEOPLE! : DDo you like pokemon?! : DIf the answer is yes then which pokemons are your favourite and why?! : DIf no, then you suck  Nah just kidding you rock either way (;
1: u most be Really Bored Brian 
2: yes ido!
3:Charazard 
Indeed I am Leah XDand I love him too XD I also love:PikachuCameruptDeinoFoongusKlinkLugiaDittoOnixSawkSilcoonExeggcuteVanilliteVenonetYamask^^ Yeah, cause I'm sad XD
I am in love with pokemon! my favorites are:

espeon
altaria
houndoom
empoleon
lucario
pidgeot
ninetales
dewgong
dragonite
ampharos
blaziken
medicham
wailord
milotic
salamence

really, mainly the old ones cus i think they are the most original and powerful XD
Nice! All them pokemons are awesome!: D
Lol Brian.....i like mostly flying and fire Pokemon :3
AHHH so many, but probably Snorlax cus if i am sad i just wanna give him a big hug
I love pokemon (well back in the day)
I had all the gameboy games and stuff. I was a huge addict.
Favorite All time Pokemon is Charizard!
ahahaha charizard is fricking awesome XDI rememeber when me and my twin brother would collect Pokemon cards and was like "HA! I have better pokemons than you!" and I love the pokemon balls that you get now and they're actually like the ones they use in the program XDCollect your own huh? XD Yeah Well I'm sad XD but it was fun (:I also rememeber getting pissed off when there was a pokemon I really wanted but never got it in the card pack thingies XD
Snorlax is so cute XD I used to have a teddy snorlax but I dunno where it went ):


aww i want a snorlax plushie, it must be so incredibly cute XD

oh i couldn't find my DS charger and so i went and charged my gameboy advance sp and ohh the memories of training my pokemon and making the perfect team all came back to me. so i restarted the sapphire version and now i'm addicted, again LOL
ahahahaha sounds fun (;and he was XD I want him back ):
aww just get a new snorlax plushie then (:

haha it is funn and my mother is jst staring at me funny 0________o
Hehehehe I'm gonna get a Snorlax bean bag chair XD I've seen one in town! XD
i like pokemon ^.^
my favourites are:

onix
evee
ponyta
pichu (its adorable)
wigglytuff
clefairy
lickitung
snorlax

heheh my nephew is obsessed over pokemon-like me hehe we have pokemon battles and i still have some of those pokemon cards they were AWESOME!!! ^.^
i used to be addicted to pokemon!!!  

mew is the best pokemon ever
I miss playing pokemon so much! TOo bad it will never be as good as it was back a good few years ago
I agree Shawn :\
i love pokemon! i prolly still have some of the cards from me and my bro's pokemon phase XD my fave was either chickarena (no idea how to spell tht) or hmm....i like marill..im liked all the adorable pokemon tbh XD
Omg yeah I remember Pokemon xD never gets old   I lovve Pikachu   oooh and I had this strange addiction to like, Lucario and any dragon type Pokemon
piplup beats every pokemon. well, in cuteness at least 

but outside of cuteness, i love Palkia :3 cuz it's awesome and i gots one mwhahahaha!!!!
					
					

i gotta say my favorite pokemon is probably... bulbasaur. yes he is so adorable i wanna squish him OwO
What more needs to be said?
Hell yes! Pokemon rules ! Darkrai of course
Charizard is the best!
I. AM. POKEMON. MASTER.
My Nintendo DS says so .

My favorite is Snorlax.
Why? 'Cause he's so useless and has so many haters that he actually works.
Like, if I were a trainer
I'd use Snorlax to sleep on my enemies (Not that way.)
And...CRUSH THEM TO DEATH 8D
I had to.
My favorite pokemon would have to be dragonair. Its soo beautiful. I have most of the games. I currently have 513 pokemon out of 649 pokemon. most of my pokemon are shiny. Im a collector of shiny's. I could still kick ur but in a battle, though. 
Squirtle
FCglwabkfyubav!!!! FCKING LOVE POKEMON!!!

Golduck all the way xD !  It's just so flexible with powers and abilities and it looks sweeeeeeet xD !!!
I love pokemon but my fave are:espeonraichumiloticquilavacharizard lugia ninetails I like a lot more but it's too many to name _^
Wow I love how everyone started posting pictures and videos XDAnywho, my favorite snorlax and Charizard XD
					
					

LOL xD  idk y it didnt work __
Nor me :\Oh well (: I think I know who Mew is.
Mew and Pikachu!  omg yesssss.
Omg I'm playing some pokemon game as we speak xD
Ahaha wow wierd XDWhat game.?I haven't played pokemon in ages D':
Going to the movies Tommorrow With one of my old and dear friends!! Anyway we love sneaking food in!! any suggestions on what
We should bring!!
What now? o-o The Shane Dawson character?
Im pretty sure thats what she means mickey.
No one ever explains anything D:
yeah, i know. .
I just had this sudden question and if you know do please tell. Where did the name EmoPuddle come from? I mean. who came up with it and why? I'm sure lots of people have their interpretations but I'd really like to know.
maybe it means...Puddle: puddle is a group of water...it could signify a group of something such as peopleEmo: could describe a little of what the 'puddle' means...so emo means a genre of music, or emotions or wateva ppl think....everyone has their own view of wat emo means...EmoPuddle cud mean this....idk...its wat i think....i guess....
yeah that's what I thought, I just want to know for SURE
kk
i thought it was named emopuddle because admin liked puddles???  o_0
Lol you see, this is why I want to know xD

we should make a game out of it,

everyone guess what EmoPuddle represents xDDDD
Idk who ever name it that just thout it sound it cool or something like that
I don't think so.. only because Emo Puddle is the most random little name...
yeah i really cannot explain it. it just seemed to work.

i like gummybears.
gummy bears!!!
yeah i really cannot explain it. it just seemed to work.i like gummybears.Quite an interesting name. Creative. ^.^
I love gummy bears. Favorite candy, hands down.
Maybe because I like to bite their little heads off, maybe not.
The world may never know
hmmm they are one of the best candies.... but its on the same level as skittles for me!!! I can never chose between them XD
Well, someone I knew did something highly inappropriate with Skittles, so that kinda ruined them for me. When I see or think about them, I get those images in my head and I'm like D:
hey all you ice cream lovers!!!i wanna know whats the best ice cream in the worldan ice cream that can make you extremely happyand make you smile everyday and just get off your ass and dance to your favorite song
rainbow ice cream yum
I'm not too big-a fan of ice cream o.o
Cookies n Cream!
Bunny tracks
Chunky monkey ^.^
Edy's drumstick ice cream is sooo good!!everytime I eat it I literally start dancing lol
pistachio!!!
Dose dipping dots count??? I fucking love those things!!!!
EVERY SINGLE KIND IN THE WORLD!!!!!! ice cream is the bestest evers!!!
cookies and cream
I love Chocolate! yes, it may be a simple flavor, but It's still my favorite. Icecream hurts my tummy, though. I'm lactose intolerant.... :'(
Hello There C:
useless topic.....
useless topic.....You do realize that if it's useless, you shouldn't comment on it. Because that's a useless comment. You have no right to call it useless. However, this topic should be under Off Topic.
i had to let out my hyperness :DDD
I think it was interesting. Just.. next time take it out in Off Topic.
You do realize that if it's useless, you shouldn't comment on it. Because that's a useless comment. You have no right to call it useless. However, this topic should be under Off Topic.I do have a right to call it useless. Its my opinion.DO NOT MAKE STUPID USELESS THREADS!
what is that a rule now? I thought you could put whatever you want on this site as long as it complies with the rules.

I'm not saying you can't speak your mind, I'm just saying you shouldn't call something useless. Everything has a use.
I like tacos.
xD
._. this is a pointless thread. i swear day by day people(esp noobs from 2012) create more and more useless...pointless...stupidass threads. What..The...Fuck..
					
					

._. this is a pointless thread. i swear day by day people(esp noobs from 2012) create more and more useless...pointless...stupidass threads. What..The...Fuck..i joined in 2012.....
Why was this moved here?????????????
Alright, I have a good question. why was this moved to the help desk and then moved back? It confuses me and that's not cool.
Maybe someone moved it by accident. *shrugs* It's back here though. So. No probs.
i joined in 2012.....keith your ok lol
keith your ok lolyayz!!!
I like tacos.I like taquitos.
I like taquitos.I also like those. With guacamole
Gaaah I am soo so so so so bored.. anyone know how I can waste my time? 

Perhaps talking to my wall (and praying it doesn't talk back) xD

Or or or or

I could run down my street naked
I hate my neighbors anyways 


ororororororororororrrrrr
  I could attack random people, we all know that there's a group of secret ninja gangster spies out there ready to take down the accumulating army of ROBOTS. They want to take our Mexicans, they want to take our tacos, WE MUST STOP THEM!
NO PEDOBEAR! PLEASE NO!! xD I bear this insanity without shame
useless topic....
meh whats useless about it SOUNDS like another ROBOT Alexa!!!They are stealing the Tacos again!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOO hahaha Insanley Insane join us anyone?
o.o  I get it now,  it's the mods on here.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Shawn, this, is called entertainment 
You're a robot though, so I guess you don't know what fun is.. 
my bad
					
					

o.o  I get it now,  it's the mods on here.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!What is?
o.0 I confusedd...this convo ish confusing :3
Alright, alright, minus you Mickey, you're not a robot. In fact, you're the nicest moderator 
plus you displayed curiosity. Which a robot doesn't have.
Plus I wouldn't want to kill you because you are my favorite mod
But yeah, we think Snow is a robot.
As close as a human can get
Alright, alright, minus you Mickey, you're not a robot. In fact, you're the nicest moderator plus you displayed curiosity. Which a robot doesn't have.Plus I wouldn't want to kill you because you are my favorite modBut yeah, we think Snow is a robot.As close as a human can get Oh yay I'm the nicest ^-^ Thank you!Awwh thanks, nice to know people don't wanna kill me lol. 
Lol the funny thing is that Snow doesn't deny it xD
He and the rest of his kind are planning on taking over the human race o.O

Lol yeah, you're welcome,  you are the nicest. And the most enjoyable to talk to  cause you actually have a soul, unlike Snow and Shawn
Lol the funny thing is that Snow doesn't deny it xDHe and the rest of his kind are planning on taking over the human race o.OLol yeah, you're welcome,  you are the nicest. And the most enjoyable to talk to  cause you actually have a soul, unlike Snow and Shawn He doesn't care lol.Who else is "his kind" Oh why thank you again ^__^ I have a soul! Just like Gingers
The rest of the souless people on this planet, all the robots that wish to steal our tacos and enslave humanity xP
No. Not the tacos!!!
Hey this is bored number:1 haha awesome.!Anywho, I'm bored as the title says so I was wondering if you had to write a letter to someone who you really admire what would you write about.?
I would write about why I admire them, and how they've helped my life. Overal it would be a letter of thanks ^__^
does anyone have a tumblr. tell me urs and maybe ill follow u. mine is **********************

EDIT: Please do not share Tumblrs, Facebooks, MySpaces, ect out in public. If you'd like to share it please do so in private.
					
					

Hey.! (again...)Anyone know any decent movies.?Like, tell me the title (obviously...) and the genre and maybe a little of what it's about so you don't tell me the whole thing but just enough to know if it's gonna interest me or not.Cheers puddlers.
I'm gonna go see The Hunger Games tomorrow  it BETTER be good, Or I'll kill everyone involved since that's like, an amazing book
It'd be more helpful if you named some movies you liked so that we could name similar ones or ones with elements you clearly enjoy...
It's hard to name movies I enjoyed because I can't remember much of them but I like horror movies and comedys a lot.Um some of my favourite are (which I can remember):-- The Grudges-- House Of Wax-- Insidious-- Queen Of The Damned-- White Noise-- The Land Of The Dead-- The House Of The DevilAnd I don't remember anymore. :\
Has anyone broken any of their bones?
Iv broken both arms (not at same time) n probably sum small bones in my foot...
Broke my left arm fractured both ankles and shattered one of my knuckles like 3 times.
In my group im lyk d only whos broken bones....but im d one who does d least stupid things O.o
broken my right big toe
fractured my right pelvis (3 screws holding it together)
iv turned my right hand into a jigsaw puzzle (held together with a plate and 4 screws)
broke and fractured my left coller bone (2 plates and 6 screws holding it together)
broken and fractured numerous ribs
its annoying at airports when i go threw the metal detectors and set them off lol
Wat d hell hav u been doin to urself? O.o
hmm
broke both feet in 4 placees(fell down a stair case )
broke my left leg (hit a car)
broke both wrist (fell off D block building stair case)
broken toes, fingers , rips
broken cheek bone
no just stitches but i always wanted to break a bone
i fractured my toe and thumb but that dusnt really count.
i got pushed down the stairs when i was 5 and broke my arm
Panda, will u buys meh some?

I haves no moneys and ish sounding shoooooo goooddsss :3
U cud get a fair bit wiv just $5
It all goodness XD
Ill get u a japanese cheesecake...it soo yummy...
It vry different...ders no bisut base n its all spongy but num num num
YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
Ur welcum aaammmiii llluuuvvv XD
I wuvvss yhyu teww Panda  lol
Luv ya long time ammmiii 
I luv yhu more Panda beawrr
aww reallyzz..... NOOO ME LUV U MORE!!
Impossible!!!!!!!!
no it IS POSSIBLE!! lyk pigs can fly 
I want a Japanese cheesecake
i have been to breadtop. it is good and stuffs.
hahaha its AWESOME!!!!! I want some Japanese cheesecake too chelza!!
No!!! Panda Beawr only buysh MEH sthuff!!!!


LOLOL
Do u rather pancakes or waffles??
waffles
Pancakes .
WAFFLES.
Pancakes
get
soggy! D:
waffles
Wat was d scariest thing u had to do..?
Yea d high ropes course was my scariest...but I luvd d swing...
I hated d leap of faith d most OMFG DID NOT WNT TO JUMP OFF WEN I WAS 12m IN D AIR!!!!
*died of heart attack*
when a truck crashed through my house when i was younger and a drunk man tried to take me from my mother and run off
Are you team edward or team jacob?!!
TEAM JACOB OUT OF THOSE TWOBUT THIS IS HOW IT GOSE FOR ME (The Pack)sethQuil Ateara Vembry jacobsam pauljarred collins brady VAMPIES(THE CULLENSjasperEmmettCarlisle CullenEdward
Team lestat
well seth is my fav
					
					

i wanna join team lestat and team seth :3
I'm team "guy who almost crushed Bella with a car" :3
im on Edward's team if a vampire wants to hide he can hide in a tree if a werewolf hides in a tree you'll hear the branches cracking
and he'll land out of the tree and anyone can see a werewolf in a tree
You know what I really hate? When I tell someone I love vampires and werewolves and they respond with " Oh so you're a Twilight fan."  I wanna punch them in the face because Twilight screwed everything up .
i used to be on team Jacob. 


but now i'm on team Chantal!!!!!!! :3
i used to be on team Jacob.but now i'm on team Chantal!!!!!!! :3 not team TTM?
okay. that one too :3

but team Chantal's the evil team xD
:3

 evil you say? hmm i must join this team xD
yes. yes you should
lol xD
How bout team Jayy?
LOLOLOL!
team BVB army!!!!!!!!!

but if i have choose between those two i say team Jacob.
^ 

yes. i mean if i had to choose, i'd go with Jacob too. Edward's too much drama, if you know what i mean.
they both suck. 
I shalls tell u what my lil bro tolds meh. :3
"its a vampire and a werewolf fighting over a stupid useless girl"
					
					

i like team stfu. im all for that team.
they both suck.I shalls tell u what my lil bro tolds meh. :3"its a vampire and a werewolf fighting over a stupid useless girl"huh, now that i think about it...that's true. that's so so true
LOL. Ikrs he couldsnt have explained its betters xD
neither..... yucky!
Team Alice and Jasper
Im on team Food.Dont care how cool the vampire is,or how hot the werewolf is.Nothing and nobody can beat the Epicness of a good cookie.Food rules the world!
And team Emo people.Nothing can beat that either
Team Edward cuz I wuv vampires...but im not a fan of twilight saga
Vampires r NOT spose to sparkle in d sun!! Der spose to burn!
Team jacob/team seth (the only cool vamp there is, is Rosalie)
team lestat
I'm curious ppl what do is better being in  a room full of people but being lonesome or physically being alone.... I can never decide on either so say your thoughts and why to please-
Being in a room full of people is a lot better for someone lonely... though it's awkward it prevents you hiding in a hole 24/7 and you never know if one will come and say hi.
Being in a room full of people is a lot better for someone lonely... though it's awkward it prevents you hiding in a hole 24/7 and you never know if one will come and say hi.i agree although i prefer being all by myself personally. large crowds are not my fave thing, if u get what i'm sayin.
it depends on who you are what you want from thses people if its freinds then become alive bit if u don't want that don't do it
I'm claustrophobic...so I would rather be alone. I   being with people though, but not in the middle of a large group.
Same here
in a room with people. ...
					
					

it depends on the person and the mood of the person because i love being alone because i can do things my own way and at my own pace. but yet sometimes i find myself really needing to just be in the presence of someone else because i will feel empty and need to see that someone is there
Half Mexican, half IDK, lol
English/Irish
english/ cherokee indian. I love my golden skin and dark hair!!!! I'm not really sure what else I am...
hmmm.... Im half scottish and i dont know what else..... i think im part italian idk .
Does anyone hav a dream car???
I soo want a 370z nissan 
I love the 370z but the 350z fairlady is so much better.

But my dream car is a 67'Shelby GT500.With a candy apple red paint gob and a sime gloss race stripe.
I also want a 70'Chevel SS in a dark gray gloss paint job.

If ya can't tell I love classic American muscle.
I want a lime green dodge viper with black racing stripes...like this one, only green. im gonna have a sweet speaker system so i can blast my favorite screamo bands. I want to see peoples reactions as i drive by. yeaaah!!
					
					

I SHALL JOIN!!!! B|
WOOT.!
I cant decide!!!
"Join Us Or Die" (:
lol
Hehehe
i shall join  evil cupcake ninjas are the shiz
i shall join  evil cupcake ninjas are the shiz  Hehe welcome  WORLD DOMINATION!!!
lmao i screamed that in class when it was dead scilent in my defence i thought it was in my head :? guess not lol
Me wanna join!!!
Hehe     ALL PEOPLES ARE WELCOME TO JOIN.   There's more than enough evil to go around.!
omg I remember this  

Today's goal: Lick one random person 

hey small steps to achieve bigger goals right?
					
					

I don't like cupcakes.I'M AN ANGEELLLL~Rainbows!Glitter!Shiny things!Whatever else angels like!
Hehe who says angels don't like death?  I dunno what it is with me and death, it's a tad bit creepy xD Can't help that I'm such an emo taco I guess
and I don't care if you don't like cupcakes because you must be located in a mental instituation Lord the world must be coming to an end. Psh don't like cupcakes Well that's lame
I'll Join!
Wooh! I wanna help rule the world with evil cupcake loving ninjas cuz it's like a way of life!  -laughs evilly while eating a cupcake-
I want to join. I love cupcakes, I'm a ninja in disguise(i tend to disappear all the time!!! I have my ways  ), and I want world domination!!!!!   muahahaha NINJAS RULE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and so do cupcakes. hehehe
Has anyone JailBroken ther Ipod?
I'm curiose to see who has/hasn't so please post.
Heres my JailBreak.
Take a screenshot by pressing the home and power buttons at the same time.
i have just recently jailbroken my ipod(yesterday to be exact) so im still a total nooby. :3 all ireally got so far i this thing called mxtube. lmao i noob So hard! xD

any helpfull tipps will be nice. js xD lol
					
					

Dipends on how you broke it.
not getting it? ^__^ lol
					
					

What software did you use?
I used Red sn0w
ooooooooooooooo . greenpois0n.
Ehh. I'm bored as hell.
Anyone wanna Skype? Or ooVoo? Or just message me on here?
o.o it seems you have a big spoon... xD
So I am going to be doing a FAQ/Questions wideo and I would like for you guys to help me out and send me some questions PLEASE AND THANK YOU!! It would mean a TOOOON if you would and I will say your username in the video and where it's from like the site 
Thanks! 
-Heaven
Questions about what?
Have you eva had an embarrassing moment that involved a TOTAL STRANGER?

I was comin home frm stayin wiv grandpa in Victoria (we wer driving)
N we stoppd half way at a park to meet up wiv parents...
It was hot n I was wearin a jumper so I decided to take it off...but of cors my top underneath came completly off too...
I was in my jeans n bra n der was two guys bout my age completly staring at me...
Im really self concious so it totally freakd me out...
They were STARING at mee D:
hahaha XD how bout the time you went to hug your dad only it wasnt your dad
Oh yea....but dat was lyk wen I was 6
hahaha yeah XD  my embarrsing moment hmmmm cant think of one
Cum on der has to b
i was the new girl and on my first day i actually slipped on a banana in the lunchroomand fell in front of everyone, worst day ever
At my mums friends house and they had a sliding glass door and my mum called me so of course
me being a blonde ran thinking that it was open ran straight for the door full speed and whacked my head and hit the floor
and this was like 6 years ago but my brother still brings it up all the time and talks about the sound it made when
my poor head hit the door! so does my mum!!


My other awkward moment was when me and my friends were dancing in my house and i tripped over a shoe and the corner of my head hit the sharp corner of
a table!!! Soo had to go to the hospital that night to get 7 stitches cuz of my mad dance skills....the nurses laughed at my story!!!! ER At midnight to get stitches lol XD
Just wondering :3
Love it. But hope that ain't your gaming music.
Ya I have a 360
Ha no its not
I freaking LOVE my XBOX. I play Skyrim ALL the time on it.
AWESOME  !!!!
i have this xbox 360 yur talking about ;D
Well you should really consider adding me :3
Everyone Should :DD
May i ask the gamer tag is?
XxHsiKaixX
I don't get on LIVE much but my game tag is the same as my crimsonspade57 and skyrim is da bomb.
Whats everybody gamerscore? Mine is 35870
I think mines like 9612 or somthin
I have a 360 but I don't game a lot like I used to. I need to though o.o
what's an xbox?
Whoa really? its like a PS3 but better .
A gaming console my friend X)
Its whats produced when people use uber awsome nukes on a little town call Kick A$$.
Got one...but dnt use it much...same wiv wii...
Hav u tried xbox kinect games?
Hav u tried d dancing games? Its hilarious...
Haha yeah that shit is hard except free style then i pwn
I hate danceing games because I couldn't dance even if people were shooting at my feet.
I cannot dance to save my life....me n sis video recorded us doin a dance...omg embarrassing even lookin at it Y_Y
Haha nice
I wanna see that.
I have an Xbox..
Gamerscore: 34085.
Sweet
I have an Xbox. My brother uses it more often than I do. I kick ass at shooting games. 
Same here
But I am just good at Shooters lol I play xbox more then anything
If u cud b any animal...wat wud it b??
a wolve
A panda dats not endangered!!
Or an eagle
sweeet lol XD
a turtle :3 or a bearded dragon c:
a fox ^__^
cheetah ^.^
a fox cuz they're so cute and have a lot of character
a horse
A turtle :3
Wats ur fav breed of dog peeps??
Mine is d Chow Chow...
Aint it adorable!!!!!
I lovvve Alaskan Huskies. They're pure white with beautiful blue eyes 
pugs!
					
					

Does 'dead' count as a breed?
^Cat person ?

I like sharpeis. They're all saggy and derpy and stuff.
wolf
I love Pomeranian dogs, they remind me of my fave animal which is a fox
^Cat person ?I like sharpeis. They're all saggy and derpy and stuff.Yes C: kitties all the way.
D: my kitty died the other day
I have two cats that act like dogs
HUSKY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rottweiler!

My friend's Rottweiler had pups, but he couldn't keep them and was going to give them to a dog shelter, but I stopped him and adopted them. Unfortunately one of the two pups died after a few months from sickness. I was crying for days. :'( But the other Rottweiler is healthy and I love him sooo much!
alakan huskies
just wondering but does anyone still go on old school dates?
"Old school"? I didn't know there was a new one. Is taking a girl out on a date out of fasion? Christ, I'm behind on the times.
Nope usually they just skip to the bed part.. and yeah I went on a date a couple weekends ago.
my boy takes me on em
Yeah, sure o.o...
By old school, do you mean...a legit date? Like where the two people actually go somewhere?
Because these days, at my school, when people are dating, it means they kiss under the bleachers and whatnot.
I mean like actually go out because I always have guys ask me out but like to be steady and I laugh and tell them they have to take me on a date first but it seems people go out steady now just because they think someone is hot I thought that was just a middle school thing O_o but in the last three years of highschool its the same . just wondering if anyone has been asked out to dinner or a movie or asked someone out or something .
Nope usually they just skip to the bed part.. and yeah I went on a date a couple weekends ago.true
lmao wow O_O XD
I spelled "fashion" wrong. Fail.
But, I still believe in dates.
I spelled "fashion" wrong. Fail.But, I still believe in dates.its fine we got the main idea haha and thats great! I have yet to see any guy ask a girl on a date in my high school :l it sucks haha
so im guessing everyone had a worst dateright maybe ,maybe not well if you had all good dates then youre lucky. now you can share the worst dates and the best dates youve ever had           even the most embarrassing or boring date or maybe most romantic or exciting date you share
worst date:my worst date wusnt too bad... the guy called me a whore so i slapped him, he broke up with me, the end...
Worst date:he farted in the movies Best date:ppl looked at us like we were weird wen we started dancing relly weirdly on the dancing stage
Am I the only one who has the hots for Graverobber?
LOL blind mag is soo cool!!!!
I agree!!!!!!!!!!!Her outfits and makeup are STUNNING!
i could use some tutorials or just some tips on how toi scream and not just basic i wanna klearn it all plz help

OMG SHAWN!
that's the exact song that came in my head when i read the name of this topic
herrow have any of you seen any epic films??
no.
After.Life. Fun movie with one of my favourite actors, Liam Neeson:
I dunno if creep would be considered epic but since I love horror movies it was pretty awesome in a way
hey guys seen anygood movies latley??
I AM NUMBER  4
it isn't new but Rest Stop is an awesome movie. and if you don't like horror, How To Deal and The Butterfly Effect are pretty good too.
The Change Up
I got bored and looked at some of my old rants and started laughing, realizing how stupid I sounded. Anyone else ever remember how mad they were about something and then laugh about it l8r?
After much thought, I decided to put this topic here in Off Topic. I just wanna say thank everyone who has helped someone else on here. To everyone who has actually taken time out of their day to help someone in need. I'm not just talking about the mods (though you guys are doing an awesome job, dunno if you hear that enough, besides, I've noticed a drastic increase in the quality of your work), but everyone and anyone who has contributed to the welfare of the people on this site. Don't worry- you're not wasting your time. I don't know what compelled me to write this-- I guess you guys are an inspiration to me. I want you to know that, you ARE changing the world, just by helping people on this site, it's a small step, but great strides start with small steps.   Keep up the good work =)
I want to reply to this but I dunno if you want me to...
Oh ho you poor child who says you dont have a chance? Believing is half the battle tell her how you feel be a little daring, if your heart beats for someone pursue them, if you dont you'll grow up all bitter and full of regret believe me its no fun
I agree with Mr. Tamm. You shouldn't give up if you love someone.. you never know maybe you could be with her... things happen for a reason after all. Though I'd like to hear more of your opinion on the situation, like how you feel about the situation, besides lost, that is.
The truth is I love her and I would give up everything to be with her but I. Don't know if she would want that or me....I love her I truly do I'm only lost about what I can really do...I just want her to be happy even if that means me having to never talk to her....I would do anything for her
Maybe she does want to be with you, and maybe she feels the same way...  maybe she feels like she needs you, maybe she wants you the same way you want her. Besides, what would make you think she doesn't feel the same way? And I doubt she would enjoy never talking to  you ,you seem like a fantastic guy that just about anyone could easily love.
Thanks u helped me understand so much but I still want more commonts from more people
Then do it kiddo!! FIGHT FOR HER Grahahahahahahaha if you believe in yourself anything is possible I'm living proof
Ur sscarring me now Mr tamm
:3 you gotta go hard or dont go at all
GrahahahahahahahaWhaaa? How do you make that noise???????????? O.o
Sooo ummm Mr tamm u r lost about who I love aren't u
Not really kiddo I know who ^_~
Who then...
You think I'm a three year old? Its as plain as day your both trying to keep from becoming public that much is obvious
Well I'm not trying to hide it I just wanted opinions

Good to know good luck you two c;
Aww cute!
Fight for her....u sed u wud do anyfin...
That is true.... my life is hers just hope she doesn't throw me to the side
You've never kissed her and I'm getting the impression you haven't dated her either... I feel a lot like you're pinning this on 'love' without having anything to really support that feeling other than a hunch .-.
I know myself well enough to no my feelings and she has said it back to me and it made me feel happy for once so yea....
You've never kissed her and I'm getting the impression you haven't dated her either... I feel a lot like you're pinning this on 'love' without having anything to really support that feeling other than a hunch .-.Life isn't always structure. Everyone credits it though, rather than sharing the credit with chaos. Sometimes you may have to go on a 'hunch', sometimes life is about taking a chance, a 'leap of faith', if you will. As Mr.Tamm said, you may end up in regret. Hell, you won't know until you try. Sometimes it's okay to have faith in your feelings, why do you think people say to follow your heart?
I'm not saying not to go for them, but you can't just pin something on love without any reasoning for it? Telling yourself something is love when maybe it isn't is setting yourself up for more than a disaster.
I'd rather set myself up for disaster then wonder what might have happened.... taking chances can be good or bad but you don't know until you try.....
I'm not saying not to go for them, but you can't just pin something on love without any reasoning for it? Telling yourself something is love when maybe it isn't is setting yourself up for more than a disaster.I'd just like to say that I fully understand the meaning of disaster. I've been through my fair share of that. I doubt it could be worse.. anyway some famous person said once that love is painful, but the real promise is if the pain is worth it in the end. You never know, you don't get anywhere by standing still.
You are both completely avoiding my point and trying to make romantic statements to justify your own -.- I do not disagree with chasing the girl, I've said this . my argument is over the terminology, the use of the word love which I feel may be being misused... you may argue that's not important, however over-playing ones own feelings when going for something like this is what I'm referring to as the accident waiting to happen.
Look I know what love is I'm not misusing it I truly love this girl with all my heart and am willing to do anything to prove it....
You are both completely avoiding my point and trying to make romantic statements to justify your own -.- I do not disagree with chasing the girl, I've said this . my argument is over the terminology, the use of the word love which I feel may be being misused... you may argue that's not important, however over-playing ones own feelings when going for something like this is what I'm referring to as the accident waiting to happen.Lol sorry for ganging you .
Oh I probably don't, but it pays to leave it a lil longer before using it as a reason to do things, like I said, it's setting yourself up for a fall. The longer you leave it, the better chance it's true.
Oh I probably don't, but it pays to leave it a lil longer before using it as a reason to do things, like I said, it's setting yourself up for a fall. The longer you leave it, the better chance it's true.Who said love has to be a reason?  As for the fall? Love hurts. That fact will always remain.
Look I have nothing to really live for in my life without this hope I would be dead.. literally I tried dieing alot..... ur making me feel like it won't happen and its making me doubt it all....
*sigh* it all comes down to that
I'm so sorry
okay?
When one is sick of being hurt- they simply harden their heart
True
Mee nearly got run ova by a car dis morning...
God luvs mee for givin mee another chance at life...
I hope it dnt turn into lyk d final destination movies otherwise ill b killd in a weird way for not dyin wen I was spose to O.o
ive been hit by a car before and i only came out of the accident with a sore wrist and a grazed elbow...
D:
Ur lucky
My brother ran me over with a car when I was little o.O
nott fun.
I think he did it on purpose
because
later on
he did it again
D:
Wtf hee evil dooshbag!
B random...
I dnt giv a fuk wat uz say 
Random is random n it can b ANYFIN...
TURTLES MATING XD
...
...
lol
Turtles eat Pancakes with panda sirup  .___.
supercalafragilisticecpyaladotios
Flying rainbow  panda in a sombrero, covered in peanut butter, eating a taco chasing a fat kid covered in hot chocolate  that's running after a gummy bear holding a piece of cheese :DDDDD

Lol dats randomzzz

Gloomy bear is goin to kill u all!!!
Den Domo gonna eat u all up lyk cheesecake!!!

N beware he wuv cheesecake...
I peek pay ig pay atin lay o say a say.
e may ove lay helsea cay
O.o
Didnt understand dat
Thats the point its a differnt language.
Hmmm -.-
Now I dnt kno wat it says thou
O say I ill way ay say omething say

ife lay is mazing aay hen way ou yay  ove lay omeone say ike lay I o day
its ven eay etter bay hen way hey tay ove lay ou ya ack bay
I ove lay ou yay Chelsea
wtf!!!
I only read n speak english...or u can teach mee d jibberish
Pandas r d cutest!
Panda was my pet name that me and my ex gave one another .
panda's are epic!! 
I want a panda teddy bear,,, they are adorable!!!
pandas !
Pandas r d cutest animal EVA!!!
PANDAS!!!! = Kawai!!
My boyfriend is a mexican panda :DDDDDDDDD
A shmexy mexican panda ;D
					
					

This is probably stupid but I'm to scared to break up with a girl I been with for a few months... I can't hurt her but don't want to be with her... any advice I would be grateful for the different perspectives on how to tell her but I've never been good at well talking to anyone straight forward
					
					

There's no other alternative apart from breaking the news. You either stay with her, or you leave her. Simple as. Just tell her straight up, which is the best way, but as I don't know what her personality is, I don't know.
If you dont tell her now you'll hurt her later on even more
You've gotta tell her, otherwise it will hurt more in the end, just say its for the best and that youre not ready for a relationship or whatever the truth is.
Thanks that motivates me I'm going to do it tomorrow wish me luck....ima need it
So I didn't want to give it away in the topic title so


What the most embarrassing thing you've ever called or done to your boyfriend/girlfriend? 




Eric hates it when I purposely walk up to him in a crowd and scream (in that voice women use to talk to animals) "AWWW MR. SNUGGLEWUGGLEFUNNYBUNNYWIGGLEWORM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YEW ARE SOOOOO ADORABLE AWW LOOK AT HIM BLUSH I JUST WANNA PINCH THOSE CHEEKS"     Now, I only do this when he seriously pisses me off. 


Ah the things we say and do out of love xD 
Forewarning: I may use any names listed to annoy the shit out of my boyfriend. Fair warning
I giggle and jump around while i am angry at Johnathan he gets up and tries to settle me down
i call him cutie and bub and cutieootcy in front of his mates
Haha oh and Eric hateeess like odd hair colors, so if he seriously pisses me off, I'll dye it allllll pink or red or something like that. It's a little peeve of his. He flipped when I dyed my hair red xD it was hilarious
O_o

Dnt kno why I posted dis...

Ppl reply wiv FACES!!


If not I
O.o you were really bored werent you
///_'
Yes..
@_@
:/
Aww dat kool
Aww dat kool

iwill say by far the ending was my fav. It was hilarious lolololol xD
Escape the fate - situations
Hehe lol...
...
...
Die for you- black viel brides...
Or 21 guns- green day 
Naw I wanna kitty kat but family dnt lyl cats much...
she is my world
Aww cute
U cud always start out slowly by small convos here n der so u two warm up to each other...becum friends so u two r comfortable round each other...
Den tell him ur feelings...
Mite b weird if u randomly go up to him n tell him...it b awkies...
Im hopeless wiv dus stuff so u dnt hav to listen to meh...
only live once and there is no time to be scared, cuz if u wait to long the chances might go away
im not very good at talking to people i like, but what i see people do when they have a crush on me is
they might know somebody i know and they'll come up to that person when im by the same person they know and talk to me
or just come up to me and start talking
become freinds with him, don't push him into liking you just be yourself around him and hope that he likes what and who you are
Be bold and start straight up talking to him
Why is it that whenever I get a good-looking torture horror film someone just HAS to be burned alive?
I hate it.
It's a horrible way to die.
And suffocating. And stuff that has to do with the eyes and nose. But, that's aside from the point.
I hate it when people are burned.
It's horrible.
But, I love watching the torture films.
Does anyone know a good torture film that does NOT include any burning?
I'm open to anything.
Not sure I'd class it as strictly torture but a lot of what happens involves it... I don't think Tamara has any burning in? unless I'm remembering wrongly.
hmm...most saw movies dont have people burning....and theres still people chopping other people up to save their own lives....
yes i love saw ^.^
O_o

Dnt kno why I posted dis...

Ppl reply wiv FACES!!


If not I
power drainer here ^
Just wondering but if someone asked you what style are you what would you say?
Something tells me a lot of people are gonna pop up and say "Me".

I get called emo by people my age and alt by people older, so one of those two I suppose.
Something tells me a lot of people are gonna pop up and say "Me".I get called emo by people my age and alt by people older, so one of those two I suppose.lol I would tell them that I am my own stule I have been called nerdy, goth, emo, scene, dorky, and others but I am myself so therfor thats my style
im the style of...idks ^__^. Idunna care how i dress. if it matches in color a bit and is clean. its fine
Does anyone here legitimately roleplay? With paragraphs and such?
I have an example from one of my active roleplays on a site, which was my friend's intro.
"Ellis stumbled in the slight darkness, pressing himself against the cracked walls of the building, holding his gun close to his chest. With trembling hands and a shaky breath he jumped around the corner. No zombies. Sighing in relief he let his guard down, only for a bit though, he'd learned to always be alert, always on guard. He'd been separated from Nick, Coach and Rochelle and was trying to find the next safe room - not having come into contact with many zombies. He guessed the others had cleared the area on their way through.

He almost jumped out of his skin hearing a strange cry from upstairs - a person? If it was he wasn't going to leave them here to die. If it was a zombie then he could just kill it, right? Right. Fixing his hat firmly on his head he crept up the stairs, keeping an eye out for any movement in the murk as he proceeded. Seemingly no one was in the house because the only noises he could he was himself breathing, his footsteps and that constant whining.

The hick stopped - what if it was a Witch? He couldn't guarantee that he'd get away safely or in one piece from that thing, "I'll jus' sneak around... Kill all sons 'a bitches..." He mumbled to himself, slinking forward, gun at the ready.

He kept mumbling that to himself, trying to stay motivated and wash away that thick feeling of dread settling in his stomach. Peeking his head into a room he spotted a figure on the floor in the middle - making screeching whines, holding and grabbing at its leg. Humans don't make those kind of noises.

"...Hunter." El breathed, bracing himself as the special infected glanced up at him, snarling and shrieking as it does before it's about to kill. Ellis readies his gun and steps into the room - ready to shoot it just before it can pounce.

But it doesn't.

It tries to, and fails. Falling back onto the floor with a whimper of defeat. And for the first time in months Ellis feels sorry for an infected. Not anger for killing people, not guilty for the lives lost because he didn't get there in time to stop them. But pity, sympathy. They were humans once too, right? And now he was up close with this... thing he could see they weren't so different. And this Hunter needed help. "... I can help yew... If yew wan'." He reaches out a shaking hand, hovering it close to the Hunter to see it's reaction - El doesn't want to risk losing a limb or two."
Yes, mostly because my friends ask me to though.
ido. but im not a big fan of it. it really depends on what it is and who im rping withs .__.
My answer is essentially the same as Bandito's.
never been to one
I keep meaning to but never do .
Aww u shud go...
Ud hav fun
D: ive never been. Iwanna go to one
they can be pretty expensive but cant wait till we go this year Chelza 

*sadface* i can only go for one day
Since u can only go for a day prob means d same for mee
yeah shucks!!! but we shall make the most of the one day 

my dad has figured out how to get to china town so we can go there for lunch and have sushi!! 

I wanna get a L plush or pillow!!! n Domo too!!!
Hehe make sure to save up crazy soo wee can buy heaps of anime...n domo...
This time if I c a panda hat im gettin it cuz last time sum1else got it wen I decided to buy it...grr...
Im hopin to save up $300  just to buy stuff....dad sed he'll giv me sum $ sincehe gats his tax bak round wen avcon is on so hopefully ill b able to bring more $$$$$$$$!!!!
Cnt wait!
Bring ur camera n we shud hug evry guy who asks....if a L asks me im guna hug him dis time....refret not huggin him last time 
It shud b hell fun XD
If you were granted one wish what would it be what would you do with that one bit of joy,freedom and hope in your hands???so people wish well
If, along with this wish, it is assumed that others will also have a wish, I would wish to negate all other wishes. People would do some pretty stupid crap, and I'd sacrifice my wish to negate that.

If, however, it is assumed that only I get a wish, I'd wish to smash the second-handers into oblivion.
Wat do u do wen ur seriously bored?
sleep, blast music and randomly dance xDD

....at the same time  .
Lol sumtimes I end up hummin xmas songs wivout noticing...
Wen brd I tend to sleep or wlk in random circles
My parents are abusive and they dont love me or appericiate me they wanr wayyyyy too much out of me snd i think the only person who loves me is my boyfriend and they dont know i have one i cut and i dont know what to do anymore  any advise ???
wow same ecpt my mum acts like she likes me
my mom is mean to me all the time, thats why im moving in with a friend. maybe u should do the same
If u cud only hav ONE thing in ur life wat wud it b?

It might b bringin bak a dead family member or pet...
Or takin sumfin away u regret doing..
Or wishing u did sumfin...so turn bak time so u can change ur mind...on dat ONE descision...
Or having d love of ur dreams...
Or just having a gd friend dat u neva had...

I wudnt bring bak a dead family member coz everything happens wiv a reason...even thou it b nice to bring sumone bak...
But I wud wnt to hav d luv of my dreams so I will neva b lonely...
Dat person wil b my lover n also my best friend...
same here i want to find my soul mate
but more than anything if i have to give up my soul mate wish is to have the power or mind to change everyone for the better
I would want to fine the love of my dreams!! :3
It might b bringin bak a dead family member or pet...  
It might b bringin bak a dead family member or pet...  
you got a point O.oWell I wouldn't say I have a "point" ... XD
^ hahaha nice pic!!! so true XD
The only upside of memebase: Having a picture for everything you say.
yep yep ^.^
I would take the power to protect the one i love since she already used her one thing to be with me
my power would be Pyrokenises(The abilety to create and controle fire)
i use to want the same erasmas
i use to want the same erasmas
I would take the power to protect the one i love since she already used her one thing to be with memy power would be Pyrokenises(The abilety to create and controle fire)Nah bro. I am fire. You can't control me OR use me to protect your love. XD
^ o.o Scurry.

No love for me.
I waaant a...UNICORN ;D
And the unicorn has magical powers...and all that cool...stuff that unicorns have o3o
Nah bro. I am fire. You can't control me OR use me to protect your love. XDAs long as you don't skrew with me(That includes hurting Chelza) then i won't mess with you.
I would never screw you or Chelza. XD
Gives erasmas a hug n pats on head....if u lean dwn since im short
If there was one dish or snack...wateva...u had to eat for d rest of ur life...
It doesnt matter if its dessert coz health doesnt contribute to it so u wnt get fat etc...
Wat wud it b?
Think carefully since its the only thing youll b eating...till u die. Make sure its sumfin u wont get brd of quickly...

(i wud love to eat d pasta dats creamy n got bacon n mushroom in it...forgot wat its calld -.-)
Think it might b bacon cabonara...
Nothing, Jayy doesn't eat.
She's a cyborg.
If u cud be anyone u wanted for 24hrs who wud it be and why?
U dnt hav to b someone whos the same sex...so ANYONE

I wud b johnny depp coz he awsum n hes in kool movies
Or
P!nk...she seems to hav a kool life...
But I think it wud b kool to b ur bf or gf for a day n see wat their life is like. It wud b a gd chance to understand them more, or figure out their problem dats upsetting sem, so u can help to fix it.


If u cud be anyone u wanted for 24hrs who wud it be and why?U dnt hav to b someone whos the same sex...so ANYONEI wud b johnny depp coz he awsum n hes in kool moviesOrP!nk...she seems to hav a kool life...But I think it wud b kool to b ur bf or gf for a day n see wat their life is like. It wud b a gd chance to understand them more, or figure out their problem dats upsetting sem, so u can help to fix it.
Do u hate d 'popluar' gals who think theyr beta dan evry1 else n dat they can get away wiv anyfin?
They give me d fucking shits at skool!
Theyr always bitching n moaing bout der lives...well if they stop being bitches to evry1 their lives might improve...
Nah. I don't hate those kinds of people. I pity them ^.^ I actually don't hate a lot of people. Takes a very very very large amount of things to get me to hate someone.
I dislike the fact that the majority of them are stuck up and think they're better than everyone else. Pretty much, even the prettiest of them are ugly because of their personalities.
why do you type like that?
Well I dnt literally hate dem...its just a thing dat irrataes me...
I don't hate them bt I try to stay away from them
I don't hate them bt I try to stay away from them
I hope u all hav an oke valentines day tomoz...
Even if u dnt lyk d holiday...lyk me
So lets just say hope nufin bad happens to u all peeps tomoz...
Luv ya yall...
Be my valentine...??
Ha ya dnt hav to...
Valentines day depresses me...oh well urgh
.__. so many things i can say about this thread....
anyone else really want leah to say those things? or is it just me? :3 all im guna say is its just a day .-. just like any other  nothing is different so there is not really any reason to be deppressed .-.
Oh wellz...
Dats ur opinin...
Why is Valentines Day special again?
Its actually called St.Valintines day so thats why its special.
PS Chelza I would gladly be your valentine since it appers no one else wants to.
At least im kinda luvd
I don't understand why it's special because you add "Saint" to it.... But okay.
st. valentines day is stupid.... love shouldn't have one high point to be rejoiced and celebrated for one day... it should be celebrated for as long as two people may feel it ._. silly people xD
True dat.
Valentine hugs n kissies for u 
(Accepts and returns more hugs and kisses)
Tehehe 
Why the giggles
Hehe idk...*hugz*
(hugs back) "da ja vu alert"
Hehe lol
Yep

It's called Singles Awareness Day.
I hope u all hav an oke valentines day tomoz...Even if u dnt lyk d holiday...lyk meSo lets just say hope nufin bad happens to u all peeps tomoz...Luv ya yall...Be my valentine...??Ha ya dnt hav to...Valentines day depresses me...oh well urghWHY THE FUCK DO U TYPE LIKE THIS?
n whats wrong with her typing lyk dat??!!!!!
yea dude.. it's fine. just cuz we dun like.. say everythin all correct or wtv. it's called 'txt' language. a LOT easier then all punctual and shit. i mean, anyone could... but it's just a lot easier to do txt chat XP
Can you understand it? If so good then why the hell are you compaining. If not then take some time and learn a little more about as much as i hate it 'text language' and the next person that sais anything negitave about how Chelza writes will have there computer cooked from the inside out UNDERSTAND. Thank you and have a nice day.    
Ps Thanks Tikle,me for being smart.
1/-/@1 /!k3 /\/\3 1@/k!/\/g !/\/ 1337. 10 (_) g(_)y5 !1 ./\/\!g/-/13 83 3@5y b(_)1 01/-/1/-/3r5 !15 /\/01.

that is my answear to that.
1/-/@1 /!k3 /\/\3 1@/k!/\/g !/\/ 1337. 10 (_) g(_)y5 !1 ./\/\!g/-/13 83 3@5y b(_)1 01/-/1/-/3r5 !15 /\/01.that is my answear to that.So, you must not have a strong mind since you can't read her posts?
HAHAH ^
i rmbr seein that on 9gag. when i saw it i was like 0__o kewl.. 
i tried to read his.. i got 'liking' and 'easy' out of it.. he goes by a weird code .
lol! I think it's just weird. I struggled with the first line, but just like it says, by the time you're halfway through it's a piece of cake.
OH i get wat he wrote.. . thats just plain weird dude...
					
					

Screwed up code. but i cracked it "That like me talking in tees. To u guys it. mighte be easy but oththers its not"(spelled like that.)
So my advice to you is before you start writing shity codes that it only taks 5min. for me to break you should first learn to read, second learn to spell, and last but far from least leave Emochelza alone unless your apoligiseing for your stupidiety or you have somthing nice to say like "Wow Emochelza your spelling is so much better than mine"
Screwed up code. but i cracked it "That like me talking in tees. To u guys it. mighte be easy but oththers its not"(spelled like that.)So my advice to you is before you start writing shity codes that it only taks 5min. for me to break you should first learn to read, second learn to spell, and last but far from least leave Emochelza alone unless your apoligiseing for your stupidiety or you have somthing nice to say like "Wow Emochelza your spelling is so much better than mine"I think it's supposed to be "leet" instead of "tees". But the rest I agree with you on.  It's weird, 'cause he used 1 for T in most parts, but he used 1 for L in and 7 for T in LEET.
Thats why i thought the 7 was an S because what he wrote is"1337" but should(I Think)look like this "1/-/!7"(following his code) for the word "this" it makes sence.
					
					

did you all just put on your "try-hard pants" or something?
Thats why i thought the 7 was an S because what he wrote is"1337" but should(I Think)look like this "1/-/!7"(following his code) for the word "this" it makes sence.I thought the same thing, and I totally agree that that's how it appears... But I can't figure out how that sentence makes sense unless it meant to be leet, and other people have used 1337 as leet--they just kept it consistent.
did you all just put on your "try-hard pants" or something?Why? Do they make my butt look fat?
yes, indeed they do.
I love codebreaking so no because its a simple code. I broke it in less than 5min.
cool story bro, tell it again.
I love codebreaking so no because its a simple code. I broke it in less than 5min.Eh, that wasn't code-breaking... The characters were organized to resemble normal letters...
I cud read erasamas's one but not d other one...
Tanks for gettin behind mee bak 
A relation ship is a partnership based on trust and love. I can't not deffend my partner. That an my angels are offlimits.
*hug u*
(hugs back)
Yay!
Jumpin up n dwn
V-Day sucks. Js.
(Smiles) "You haveing fun"
Yees :3
Wbu?
(Smiles)"if your happy I'm happy"
Hehe k
Your funny. OH and i just noticed it but I WBU to
How am mee funny O.o
How am mee funny O.o
How am mee funny O.o
Your so bubbly
Bubbles!! Where??
LOL Your persanality
Heaps ppl at skool think im totally cute...even if I dnt really tlk to dem they still think it...
I tend to act childish sumtimes :3
LOL
Bein short doesnt help either coz it makes mee look younger
Theres nothing wrong with that.(Well unless you look like your 10 or somthing then its weird)
I think I look my age in d face...but aparently I look lyk 12 -.- grr
Thats funny. But it doesn't matter because you can get into the movies for free.
Hehe I dnt do dat...
You should(I get a student descount because I look like I'm in highschool)
That reminds me YOU now have the best boyfreind out of your freind because I'm in college.
Haha well out of us gals...im d only one who has a boyfriend 
For sum reason in our group d guys always end up lykin mee -.-
Haha well out of us gals...im d only one who has a boyfriend 
For sum reason in our group d guys always end up lykin mee -.-
Well they can look but not touch okay otherwise they lose there hand(s).
Hehe ur cute
Hehe ur cute
It's hard work getting a girl to like me like you do so every boy who wants what I have has to work for it like I did.
Well guys over er rnt as sweet as u....so ur way in d lead
Sweet
Kiss on cheek...
Ur sweet lyk pineapples 
(Gives pineapple upsidedown cake)"I made this for you.
Nom nom nom...
U wnt sum too?
"Nope I have you"
					
					


" I know, now can i have a taste of that cake " (Kisses and tastes cake on lips)
I open my mouth wider to let ur tongue in :3
()    ()
(0','0)
 ((0))
  v v
Stuiped thing screwed it up.
*confused*
()	()(0','0)((0))  v vIts suposed to look like a rabbit. The thing messed it up.
Oh I can c it....
Does anyone else daydream ALOT?
I tend to daydream heaps...just starin at d wall or out a window...
I also hav daydreaming moments wen walkin to skool n dnt remember walkin d last 5m...
Ha lol...
Daydreaming kool thou
Yup, you're not alone xD

I often have trouble following along in class because I start to daydream about all kinds of different stuff.. It sucks sometimes, but other times I'm glad that I can switch my attention away for a while  
yea, i do that too in class. thats prolly why im failing. haha
Today I was eating lunch with my mom and I was staring at a wall for 30 minutes and my mom kept saying my name and I didn't hear her till I snapped out of it .
I daydream all the time!! So much so as a kid my teachers had a timer for me because i could never finish my work .
I do all the time, and I will come out of the daydream and it's been like 10 minutes haha XP
I hate pie but I like saying it because it sound funny and random :3
I'm eating pie now =D !
urrrrrrr PIE IS.... YUMMY. :3
Hahahaha I agree I don't like pie but i like saying I do cuz its random
I do as well ! 
I do that with cheese too. xP
I'm just like
"Cheese and pie are some yummy shit, bro."
But inside I'm all
"Eweh cheese and pie D8"

of course its fun and random to say XD
ewww pie is yuck well to me it is. unless u had cheese cake is better than pie 
I like cheesecake than pie  xD
pie is okay, but cheesecake is better
ohmygod. I wish this weight loss plan permitted for me to eat pie.
. You don't need to lose weight? D:
At least I don't think you do ..
o.o

Pie.
Haha I love cheese cake and umm who says about losing weight??? 0.0
ha ha thanks. Maybe if I snap my fingers and twirl around some pie will appear..
Lol
pie is simply awesome meat and patato definatly and cherry pie with custard  yummy  damm i want pie now
cheese cake better than pie...but it doesn't matter bcuz its yur own opinion
I like cheesecake..:3 it's so good!
pie is yummy!! .
yeshhh cheesecake tops all. Def.
Wat was d dumbest question uv askd sum1...??

I ended up askin how long u cook 2min noodles for...
Omg so blonde.
I know i've asked heaps i just can't think of any off the top of my head D= .
Sadface crying
mine would be to my mum  'HEY MUM WAT DO I PUT IN A HANDBAG??"
Haha lol
it was awkies
I've asked my dad what his last name was xD
Ha lol!
Dumbest thing I've ever asked would probably be "What's the point?" or "Why keep going?"
And I'm 100% serious when I say that's the dumbest.
Dumbest thing I've ever asked would probably be "What's the point?" or "Why keep going?"And I'm 100% serious when I say that's the dumbest.How so?
How so?I have too many good things in life (that i was ignoring) to focus on the bad. Life is about moving forward. =)
I have too many good things in life (that i was ignoring) to focus on the bad. Life is about moving forward. =)Oh.I see.That's... Impressive.
Oh.I see.That's... Impressive.Impressive in what way?
Impressive in what way?Finding intelligence in such a way is rather rare, these days.
Finding intelligence in such a way is rather rare, these days.Ah. Well, thank you. Life is all about perspective, imho.
the dumbest question i ever asked was.....
"michael (which is my younger brother) how old are you again???"
._. i'm such a blonde xDD... at time .
I can b very blonde too...tehehe
Hey peoples, (well that sounded weird)
the thing i was asking about was what you guys consider too be too much too young??
there is a friend of mind who has been doing sexual things (really didnt kno if it was ok to say what) with her BF, she is 14 and i worry about her because she really doesnt seem to like him most of the time and she may have been pressured into it. so i was wondering what you guys consider too be to much for that age or any age??
.-. 14 is to young imo. and even if they were older she shouldnt be doing anything if she doesnt want to or is being pressured into it ._. tell her that she shouldnt be doing anything if she doesnt want to. if her BF doesnt understand she would be better off without him.
too young XD
woe, she's way too young.
well they say they are now in love and dot need judgement. well clearly they do.
well if they keep doing it, they are going to regret it
Waay way too young...i say round 16 17 is d youngest u shud do stuff
Okay so i've been seriously debating lately which would be hotter: a zombie boyfriend ( like Billy from Hocus Pocus or the dude from zombie honeymoon) or like a demon guy with big, clawed wings or a Lycan or something!!!! i think either would be awesome! except it'd be hard to keep a zombie boyfriend from eating your family and friends and stuff and to keep a monster a secret. so what would you choose? and why? and how would you deal with it?
i would choose a monster, monster could do much more stuff as much as you could a imagine a monster to do
like fly you around
but a zombie is just going to try to eat people and limbs will fall off all the time
Prob monster coz ud b able to control dem unlyk crav eating zombies...n id handle d monster by....ahh well if he can transform n such id say stay in human form round ppl
I am here as you are here as you are meand we are all togetherSee how they run like pigs from a gunsee how they flyI'm cryingSitting on a cornflakeWaiting for the van to comeCorporation T-shirt, stupid bloody TuesdayMan you've been a naughty boyyou let your face grow longI am the eggmanthey are the eggmenI am the walrusGoo goo g' joobMr. City policeman sittingpretty little policemen in a rowSee how they fly like Lucy in the skySee how they runI'm cryingI'm crying, I'm crying, I'm cryingYellow matter custardDripping from a dead dog's eyeCrabalocker fishwifePornographic priestessBoy, you've been a naughty girlyou let your knickers downI am the eggmanThey are the eggmenI am the walrusGoo goo g' joobSitting in an English gardenwaiting for the sunIf the sun don't shine you get a tanYou get a tan from standing in the English rainI am the eggmanThey are the eggmenI am the walrusGoo goo g' joobExpert, texpert choking smokersdon't you think the joker laughs at youSee how they smile like pigs in a stySee how they snideI'm cryingSemolina Pilchardclimbing up the Eiffel towerElementary penguin singing Hare KrishnaMan, you should have seen them kickingEdgar Allen PoeI am the eggmanThey are the eggmenI am the walrusGoo goo g' joobGoo goo g' joobGoo goo g' joobgoo goo g' joobgoo goo g'juba juba jubajuba juba jubajuba juba jubajuba juba
Named 
Hector 
Scarlet
Maggie
Brownie
Teddy 
   Hehehehehehehehhehee :DDDDDDD
lol Nice  I Own A Unicorn Named Lavender. She is purple and like 8 months old. She is my baby 
my unicorns name is rainicorn!!
Lol
:oooooooooooooooo

I don't have a unicorn ; -;

Forever Alone.
._. -gives you a unicorn who have no owners- he just born this morning. 

:3 you can have him
8D
Yay!
Thankiethankiethankie ! :3
Imma name him Moose ^-^
i ate mine  it was fruity pebbles yumminess. now i got powers :'D
o.o Killer D:
it was so good. u want me to eat yours?
You. Stay. Away. From. Moose. D:
nom nom nom too late ate Moose D:
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooo !
He shall be avenged D:
Bring it D:
xD
Fine D: *le grabbing sponge* c'mere so I can stab you D:
oh my u going to stab me with a sponge haha ok
my unicorn is named julio XD
Yes. I am. C'mere you...MONSTER D:. Julio, huh?
oh no it hurts Cx haha I am in pain oh the horror.
You feel the paaaain? You feel it? ;o
xD
lmao call the unicorn police and there rainbow tazers of deathXD
Lol wow but. Moose just borked D: you eat baby unicorns?0.0 xD
seb..why you eat baby unicorns?!?! D: you unicorn killer =.=
lmaoXD
Lol
going ramdom: my unicorn's name is Ebenezer and eats peoples hair cuz he has none of his own
look everybody keeps tellin me that im to old for hello kitty bc im 16..pshh..hello kitty is for big kids:)
Im gonna 22 in a few days....And I still like Hello Kitty!
i dislike hello kitty. 
~ericka cries~ :'( so sad..
-shruggs-
I've never liked Hello Kitty.
i fucking love hello kitty. im getting a hello kitty guitar when i get the money
i freaking love hello kitty!! 
An it popped and feather flew everywhere. Felt like I'm in snow :3
Lol would of been amazing till you had to clean up D= .
it always looks beautiful then comes the cleaning -_____-
I know. -.- took me hours to clean it up. -.- but I enjoyed it xD
lmao ever find those pillows with ends of feathers sticking out of the fabric, and it intertains you for a half hour pulling them out

HAHAHAHA same here I do that all the time 0.0
haha pillows im stealing ur feathers and losing them in my room which i may never clean up
Aww I wanna pop my pillow n spin round in d feathers... :3
Hey I wnt a tongue n lip piercing...but im kinda a wuss wen it cums to pain.
Does any1 hav these piercings? And can u tell me if they hurt badly wen u get dem....during n after u get dem..
I would assume they hurt.... But I have no piercings lol. I would assume a tongue piercing would hurt more than a lip... But idk. Sorrehhhhh
Whos ur favourite actor?
I luv Johnny Depp
Johnny Depp is a beast xD
But I like that one girl
Mila Jovovich.
I think.
She was Alice in Resident Evil.
WHATABEAST.
johnny depp
OMFG!!!  Johnny Depp is my favorite hes soo gorgeous for being 50!!!
johnny depp ^.^
I know hey! Im lyk in love wiv him even though he's old enough to b my dad...oh well...
He hot n he's a guy who can get away wiv facial hair...
(^.^)@ so... i had a cookie...

@^.^)@ but then i realised...

@ ^.^ 
D:
(^.^)(@) do...you want...a cupcake?
Maybe....
(^.^)(@) eaaaaat it ! (before i do (^.^
Lately, a lot of people have been posting depressing statuses on Facebook, emopuddle, forum sites, etc. The majority of them are girls, but some guys do as well. What strikes me as odd, is that when someone comments or PM's you asking about it, the original poster deletes the post/status and ignores them. The purpose of the post itself was to get attention, to make sure someone cares and that there is someone to reach out too, but instead of reaching out they get embarrassed. Why do you think this happens?
					
					

I dunno, maybe because the person really doesn't want other people to know about what's going on with them. Like you said, the post was to see if someone cared, but that doesn't mean they want help.
ooor.
They could be a total attention whore, saying things like that when there's nothing wrong.
Idk.
My friends always said that I look suicidal, I smoke and I drink. Well, I am suicidal (sometimes), I smoked my first cigarette 2 days ago (and been smoking ever since) and I drank vodka but it was mixed with orange juice. I feel like I'm a rebel since this year started. But, sometimes I think if that even is the right word.But the bad thing about it is that I cry a lot and I hate it when I cry, especially in front of people. I can't wait to get out of this town and leave it all behind and start new.
Meh.
Don't drink too much at a time.
Suicide isn't the best alternative, even if it feels like the only one,
and when you finally leave, you'll eventually miss your family.
People complaining about being labeledThose same exact people labeling othersI mean, are you fucking serious?
Lol ikr.
It annoys me that they say "These stupid preppy bitches are all up in my biz calling me emo. Fck labels and fck them! D:
Yup.People are stupid.But not everyone (o:
very true. ifind it annoying and pointless
It's a valid point. What I don't understand is that labels are everywhere, you can't escape them. You gain and lose different ones throughout life. Some labels just have a worse reputation than others.

In the word's of sassy gay eridan 'wwhat are you doin, wwhat are you doin, wwhat wwhat wwhat are you doin.'
you are who you are, they are who they are, i agree silkly potatoe, the only lable you should have is your name
It's a valid point. What I don't understand is that labels are everywhere, you can't escape them. You gain and lose different ones throughout life. Some labels just have a worse reputation than others.In the word's of sassy gay eridan 'wwhat are you doin, wwhat are you doin, wwhat wwhat wwhat are you doin.'Shit got srs.
How would you survive a Zombie Apocalypse????

A. kick some zombie ass!
B. become a zombie!
C. hide in a safe place
D. be the one that unleashed all the Zombies

Im stuck between A and D....
					
					

Id kick some zombie ass....because Im cool like that.
Lol
I'd probably end up being D.
I'd probably end up being D.Isnt it awesome???.... Thats why im stuck between A and D. I wanna kick ass and raise Zombies from the grave
You could do both you know. Be the one to release them, then realize they're gonna kill you anyway so you kick ass xD

But truthfully if i ever unleashed Zombies. i WOULD have a very Solid Proof Plan!! .
Kinda confused at that. What do you mean?
Ya know if yous had to save two people from the zombie attacks? Who would it be???


Mine are Ms. Amy and ManPony (they are my stuffed animals )
oooooooooooh that's tough.
David Tennant and Jared Leto 
omnomnom :3
					
					

I would share jared with you D:
I would share jared with you D:Haha  ok.... You can take him. We will just meet up at the same place and watch the world get destroyed!!We can take one more person!!! Im taking Marilyn Manson
					
					

BILLIE PIPER COME TO ME MY LOVELY
All three of my people are life ruiners xD
atleast we choose good pple!!!

If we had to sacrafice one of our pple(out of everyone) who would it be??
D:billie piper i love you deariewait. out of everyone.I'm sorry lovely but Marilyn Manson.
But! Wait! Why???!!! 

*Kicks Marilyn Manson of the plane* 
William Beckett will never leave the plane!!!
(i Wanna live in his closet) lol .
D..... hehe...

hmm.okay.time for someone else to goyou kick off billie or david and you die
*Drop kicks Jared out the plane*
JAAAAAARRRRREEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD D:
Lol
ohgod double post D:
Sigh
I love jared tho

ADD MOAR PEOPLE TO THE PLANE
but not the people we kicked out.
AMY LEE MY LOVE
Chad Kroeger - jumps into his arms-
lawl
*cuddles with David*
Lol!!! 
Amy dnt touch Gerard!!!!!
*whispers to Amy*
Don't mind her. Go ahead 
**Billie walks up to David**
BACK OFF BILLIE HE'S MINE
YOU HAD YOUR TIME WITH HIM
*Wanna kick billie off??*
nooooooooooooooooooooooo I love Billie
Lol!!
Jared HOW DID YOU GET BACK HERE

ogod he's a zombie now D:
*gasp* O my Jebus

(Grabs four parachuets-dnt knw if i spelled that rite- puts one on, gives William Beckett one)
*Hands Melody two and says "choose who you wanna take with you! and make it snappy"*
~Oreo and William jumps out the plane~
David come with me my darling
Amy and Billie, I'm sorry D:
*cece and david jump*
- leah and william lands and open the door of the underground hideout-

Pssst cece this way... .
*runs into the hideout with David*
-closes the door and sits in frontof all cameras of the world-
					
					

*shies away from cameras, hissing* nyehhh
*david seems to be pulled toward the cameras* nooooooooo david noooooooooooo *pulls him back*
Haha - leah looks over at cece and says you dnt wanna watch spongebob??-
but those are cameras, not tvs D:
Ik but spongebob is on in someones house..
but those cameras are pointed at us D:
AND NOW THE ZOMBIES KNOW WHERE TO FIND US

*cece curls up in a ball and cries, david comforts her*
No they dont these cameras are to the rooms underneath. -grabs cece hand and pulls her to the door on the right- 
See look its just the cameras for downstairs
 -opens the door and show cece around-
oooooooooooooooooooohhh okay
*yawns*
The beds are to the left
*drags david to the bed* ahaha
*falls on the bed and snores*
I'd go A and in the process of zombie slaying, get a magic sword and learn the Kamehameha!!!! (it'll help in the slayin')
I'd go A and in the process of zombie slaying, get a magic sword and learn the Kamehameha!!!! (it'll help in the slayin')O wow lol
*drags david to the bed* ahaha*falls on the bed and snores*lol *leah's still watching spongebob but is now eating Gummy Bears**William in the kitchen cooking dinner*
*cece wakes up to the smell of food* omnomnom *follows the scent*
*david chases after like a little puppy dog*

by the way. I love how this turned into a sort of rp type thing xD
*leah sits at the table with her knife and fork!* 
Feed me brownies!!
*william is cooking....*
what is william making??

I knw rite!! But its awesome!!!!
C for coward
Sean, stop that .
*Will is making bacon, eggs and pancakes*
*leah gets up and looks for Jamie*
i need music
*cece tosses leah her backpack* jamie's in there
*david wanders around in the kitchen, stalking will and the bacon*
*Glomps Cece*
Thanks! I thought i forgot him!!!!

*Will looks at David* 
Dude wtf?? Why are you stalking the bacon???
*cece laughs* I figured you would, so I grabbed him for you.

*david shrugs* i like bacon.
*Leah laughs* i dnt mean to!.... He jst likes to hide and seek alot.... 

Whispers to David
Here!....dnt tell the girls
*hands him the first batch of bacon*
David walks out of the kitchen, munching the bacon. Celeste glares at Will and walks up to David. "I can has bacon?" she asks cutely. xD
*Will looks at CeCe* he asked first *shrugg his shoulders* 

*Leah starts dancing with Jamie*
David looks at Will and laughs. "Well I didn't really ask. You kinda just gave it to me."
Cece takes a handful of bacon and walks back to Leah. She interrupts her dancing and hands her a few pieces of the bacon.
-Huggs Cece- Oh thanks! 

*Will looks at David* well watever!
The food is done
Cece runs to the kitchen and fills her plate with food.
David grabs a couple more pieces of bacon and stands by the counter.
*Leah walks in the kitchen grabs a plate. Then walks back to the cameras*
 Thanks for the food! 

Will whispers to David and Cece
Leahs been watching the cameras alot
*looks over his shoulder*
Its freaking Me out. someone go tell her to eat at the table...and to not look at the Cameras anymore
					
					

Cece walks over to Leah and the cameras, keeping a safe distance from them. "Leah, why don't you come sit with the rest of us?"
David eyes the cameras suspiciously while chewing on a piece of bacon.
"But!....ok" leah walks over to the table but keeps stopping and looking at the cameras..

Will walks in with a sheet and covers all the cameras "there! No more cameras" turning to look at leah

She puts her head down and grumbles to herself while taking a bite of bacon.
cece sits by leah. "So what's the deal with the cameras anyway?"
david leans back in his chair and puts his hands behind his head.
"Well...." leah puts down her fork and folds her hands together under her chin "i left my ipod charger and i was thinking of a way to go back and get it"

Will looks at her "your nt going back."
Cece looks at Will. "I won't let her go back."
David sits with his elbows on the table, resting his face in his hands. "I think we need a few ground rules now that we've got some place to hide, for now at least."
*leah opens her mouth but will cuts her off*
no cameras
*Leah shuts her mouth andeats her pancakes*
Zach sneaks into the room lookin for zombies holding a giant sword and a machine gun on his back and yells "COM'ERE' YA ZOMBIES!!!!" in an attempt to scare zobies out of hiding
"Zach we are in a safe house underground" leah says snatching the maching gun of his back "the machine gun is mine!!!" she looks at zach and runs away "u cant catch me!!"
Pssh!!! Zach need not catch!!! Zach uses Teleport!!!!!! *Doesn't work* crap... outta MP....  o well
"Yes machine gun mine!!!!" does happy dance
well at least I has food... yay! (pulls out a poptart and starts to eat it)
Share!!! Sharing is caring!!!!
Oi! We just had breakfast xD

"Back to the rules," Celeste says, trying to get everyone's attention again.
"Never go off on your own," David says. "Always take someone with you."
"What about if i have to go potty?" leah says walking to the table and pulling Zach with her.
"we should rotate on cooking to"
"Take a weapon and someone can stand outside the door," David says, looking at Leah.
"I can make lunch," Cece says quietly.
"Take a weapon and someone can stand outside the door," David says, looking at Leah."I can make lunch," Cece says quietly."Davids a meanie" Leah says getting up from the table and walks out of the kitchen.Will looks at David "Now you've done it"
I'd wanna be a zombiee because im freaakin awesome like that
David chuckles a little. "Done what?" he asks.
Cece sighs and follows Leah. "Where are you going?"
Will looked at David and sighed "you created a monster"

Leah keeps walking to the top of the hideout and says "im going to go see if its any Zombies outside" pulls out machine gun "so i can kill them"
I'm gonna look for a potato
"Hey Zach u better make fries with that potatoe" says leah walking out the door
Celeste chases after Leah. "Of course there are zombies outside. Why do you think we're in here?"
David looks at Will. "Want to see if there are any more weapons stowed away in this place?"
Leah opens the door and says "if they are out here. They are dying because i need to blow off some steam"

Will just looks at David "sure. Why nt"
*Returns with sliced fried zombie* I think this is as close as we'll get to fries...
dont eat that you idiot!!!! *smacks it out of Zachs hands*

you idiot, zombies are infected you eat them you get infected to!!!
Leah Runs back into the hideout and jumps on Sean
"SEEEEEAAAAANNNN!!!!!! "
leah!! you seem awfully happy to seem me
					
					

Pssssh! Idk why iam but jst go with it
					
					

so you mean i shouldn't have eaten my well cooked ZOMBIE BURGER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Zach, you moron! Everyone get back," Cece yells, pulling a syringe from a pocket inside her jacket. "I only have a few of these, so no one else pull any stupid stunts like this. David, Wil, hold him down."
David runs to Zach and wraps his arms around his chest.
Will runs an grab his arms and legs.
Leah walks over to Zach "U had a Cookie and Ddnt Share!?! Zach u Meanie!"
Cece stabs Zach's leg with the syringe of antidote. "Stay away from those damn zombies. No more eating them." She smacks the top of his head and tosses the syringe in the trash can.
David looks at Zach, puzzled. "Why would you want to eat them anyway? Are you trying to kill us all?"
yeah *looks at zach suspiciously* hmm
*cough*
"Zach why are you??" walks over the Group and leans on Cece shoulders. "whats up with Zach?"
*sleeps* zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz *wakes with a startle* AHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I had a terrible nightmare that I was being eaten by zombies!!!! and then i tried to eat one and came over to ya'lls and passed out!!!!!!!!! I think  idk, but then I saw !!! and I came back alive!!! but  gave me the magic ability to fly only when listening to unorthodox dance music!!!!
Lmfao! -stands on tippy toes and pats Zach's Head- it was only a Dream :3
yeah, but in case you haven't realised

*spins around and slices a zombie down with my invisible blade*

there are still zombies here
*stabs a zombie and shuts and locks the door* Only because YOU forgot to shut it.
Haha...Oops....i got distracted Dx
-walks over to the Zombies- Do think you guys can leave?? -pause- Because i dnt feel like killing Zombies rite now :/ And plus Sean and Cece looks very Dangerous rite now....So Please Leave .
Zombies: raaaaaaawefmvowrgnoaiw34jt

Cece glares at Leah. "They're not leaving...."
David munches on some potato chips.
-Pulls out Machine Gun and Shoots down the front row of Zombies-
-Stands the allowingg the zombies a chance to kill me-
					
					

-Stands in front of Tiffy- Noooo!
why ? -stands closer to the zombies-
Cuz u my friend!!! -pulls u back-
i would most deff be the one that unleashed the zombies
Haha its fun lol
-walks around- wtf happend?!?! someone please fill me in on whats going on O_O
lololol 
its a zombie apocalypse. :3 and atms thr zombies has just busted into our secret hide out D:
_
D: it was a secret. i accidently let them in. 

lololololol
how?

-slices zombies head open-  i do good?
ileft the door open...

lmao yeah 
-stabs zombie with fork-
u should get on that closes automaticly :3

 -punches zombies hand with face-... wait o.O
D: iwas really think about that at the time

O_O wtfs....
-pulls out machine gun- :3 mawhahahaha
double post D:
					
					

_:3

O_O i like how the add that appeard for me was plants v zombies xD
-starts killing zombies- 

wtf duster.....


LOLOLOL xD
-starts making toast- i really should take this more seriously :3

O_O
:l yeah u should. are u trying to get ur self killed??

 iwant Alice from RE on my team!
maybe O_O -puts jam on toast then throws it at zombie-

O_O who?
wtf o_o

the girl from Resident Evil
the looked hungry... D:

o ok :3 i wana... idk the girl from zombieland idk her name 

if I bite a zombie do i become one? or do they become human? O.o
:l they are zombies ofc they are hungry.

idks eithers lol

hmm idks -shruggs-
yeah so i gave them toast 

lol

hmmmm.... -bites zombie- O.o i dont feel any different... but i kinda want brains
-kills zombies- 

I probably be the one releasing them! Then becoming one!! Then eating everyone and be like the tank
-pokes zombie-

idk... i was hungry and i had no toast D: omfg i really wana eat a brain _
hey guys,
what do like to eat when your hanging about your house on your night in??? it can be as RANDOM as you like,

October xD
Doritosss

*Le me fistpumping*
Hi Guyz thought you could help out ur good pal october out here.
im dating a guy who is two years younger than me and ii have mixed oppinions between my friends and i wanted to see what you thought??
From October.
my dads dad and mom are 10 years apart so 2 years isnt that much imo :3 does it really matter what your friends think? it should be up to you not them
My mom married a 33 year old bitchfuck last December and she's 41. That's an 8 year difference.

It's okay. c:
As long as you don't go pedo on the guy.
But yeah.
It's okay
It's unusual since you're the girl here.. but it's no biggie, don't worry about it.
My fiance is younger than me! :] haha, it's fine.
Don't worry about it, my parents have about a 10 year difference, it really doesn't matter in the end. because its mainly about you two, not your friends, just you two so don't start to have any second thoughts (:
My sis is 21 and dating a 32 year old guy so 2 years isn't bad
It neva matters bout age...u can luv whoeva u wnt
Nothing wrong with it 

my stepmum is like 5 yrs older than my dad

its no biggiie

Dont worry what your friends say its not up to them its up to you if he makes you happy and you love him then thats all that matters 

(( Always follow your heart and you'll be exactly where you want to be  ))
Stop comparing this to your parents. 

Age difference will alter later on... But being a teen is where the years REALLY count, as you change so much in these years. 2 years is a significant difference, and it might hurt your relationship (for example, you might feel way more modest and mature than him sometimes), or nothing might happen. Try, and figure it out! But don't give him false expectations.
I agree, later on in life age really is no issue at all but in your teen years it can cause some problems. If you really like him then be with him and if your friends don't like it just show them you can make it work. There will always be people who have trouble understanding in and who will say things, but come on, most of us know a two year age gap really is nothing.Hope everything works out!
Dude my 18 year old bestie dates like 11 year olds. To me, it's a little messed up. I mean, it doesn't bother me that much but it makes me concerned for her.
My fiance is a year younger than me, and for me I just realize he don't think like I do, for two reasons, hes in a little different place than I am and two I'm a girl, guys and girls do not think alike.. But you really should not worry, its not a big deal.. But if it don't work out realize you will find the one someday
well guys,
i would like to say thanks for all your comments, me and my BF are really happy so knowing all of you have great faith in this relationship keeps us strong.
October xD
Wats ur fav piece of clothing u own...
shoes
My Bring me the horizon Jacket and My Black Veil Brides T-shirt :3 treasured clothing 
my school shoe and one vans shoes and my no fear hodie with holes cut in the sleeves for thumbs
Hmmmmmmm that's real tough . probably my black and green shoes!! They are sooo comfy!!!!
oks. so i officially ran out of anime to watch D: 
i seriously need helps. all the ones that look good turns out to be complete duds. and the ones i do wanna watch got canceled or beginings to be stupid. Dx 
someone. anyone. help  lolol
Afro Samurai and Ergo Proxy?
Death note, shugo chara, daphne in d brilliant blue, hell girl
Well I don't know what you have already watched and what kind but why not try:
Darker Than Black, Canaan, Requiem for the Phantom, Fate/Zero, Fate/Stay Night, Gosick, Kuroshitsuji, Blood +, Code Geass, Claymore, Hayate No Gotoku,  and School Rumble?

I finished them and found them really addicting and interesting.
Bleach! Started watching it a few days ago its amazing (:
thanks 

Craig. Bleach sucks... and ur so late dude lol xD
depends, what kinda vamp/wolf are we talking here? there's not just one definition.
I'd like to be a vampire, mainly because they are rulers of the night. Like me
well here i go
i would like to be a vampire because you never die , never get old,your beutiful and not ugly and your extrmely fast and strong but i also want to be a werwolf because i love HUGE DOGS they are faster then any vampire they have better stanima and they are awesomeer
so werwolf

but to your first qestion what type of werwolf or do you mean what Jacob black is?? COZ HE ISNT A WERWOLF they pack aint either . they are SHAPESHIFTERS
unicorns :3
WAIT NO!!!... they are both "evil creatures" Sooooo lol i want a Mommy Snow 
I am a dog person, not a...bat person ;3
So wolfies it iss!
Vampire (just not the ones that sparkle) because they are just amazing in every way!
my answer: -------- werewolves. always werewolves :3
Werewolf cause their just so fuzzy!!!!
Zombies lol
I would so be a zombie XD.

But i would rather be Gothic Vamp .
They hid in the most with these humans the
the other Vamps.
a hybrid lycan theiran vamp
Vampire by fair!
Bein beautiful n havin powers!
Vampires r just plain kool n sexy

OF course not the ones that sparkle, hate those haha
If it's aloud i'd be a hybrid xD !! But other wise a Were Wolf
It All Depends  !!! But If I Have To Look Like Edward From Twilight To Be A Vampire, I Rather Not Go For A Vamp. If I Was A Werewolf...Well....Thats Alot Of Fur On The Couch XD! So Human is For me! Humans are Weak, Selfish, And Stupid.....You Gotta Love Them
If u wer gonna die in 24hrs wat wud u do if u cud do anyfin u wanted?
Well I can't die , I'm immortal 0=) lol. 

But if it was anything i'd want to finally scream and sing onstage then after the concert wait upon some where secluded in nature and just think and contemplate till my demise.
Id prob throw a huge party for friends n der family n go scuba divin n prob lose my virginity...maybeez
I would hang out with friends family and also hang out with the guy that i really like then right before i die go to the town i was born in near the river and die quietly there

lol jk
I died like 21 times so I'm immune do death
HAPPY STRAYA DAY! FUCK YEAH xD !!!!!!!!!

Have a good one yall!
Aussie aussie aussie OI OI OI!!!
Hehe
happy Australia Day to you too Mr Taters
Happy Late Aussie day taters
What do you find more attractive?- Blonde's, Brunettes,Red heads, black,(any other color)?-Do u find vegetarians attractive or meat eaters?-Which do you find more attractive homosexual,asexual,bisexual, or heterosexual ?-When you date some one do u care about there size?These are just some random questions im very interested to hear what you guys say!
black, veggie, hetero, height or weight? height 
black or brown.veg.bisexual. maybe taller and dont really care about there weight
I find blondes and black haired girls really really hot. But Hair color doesnt really mean much to me. Im way more into personality than looks.

I dont care what your diet is lol....

Bisexuals :3

Id prefer them to be shorter than me...And be pretty fit. But I will date basically anyone because Im way more into personality than looks. But they cant be "too fat" either. I know I may sound a bit picky but Im not really.
any hair color but pink
Doesnt matter
Bi xD
agrees with shawn 


May i get a Cookie?? :3
oh  of corse u get a cookie
- Blonde's, Brunettes,Red heads, black,(any other color)? Blonde or Black Hair -Do u find vegetarians attractive or meat eaters? Doesn't matter is they eat meat or not-Which do you find more attractive homosexual,asexual,bisexual, or heterosexual ? Bisexual-When you date some one do u care about there size? For guy's i prefer them to be taller and for girl's i don't mind as much and don't care about size i go for personalities not look's
-happy dance- thanks sunny!! Nom nom nom xD
- Blonde's, Brunettes,Red heads, black,(any other color)? Hmm. Black, brown, blonde.-Do u find vegetarians attractive or meat eaters? no preference-Which do you find more attractive homosexual,asexual,bisexual, or heterosexual ? if they're interested in me, they're cool -When you date some one do u care about there size? I like guys to be taller. and as long as they're not tooooooooooooooo big, it's cool.
black or brown hair 
vagetarians idk why i guess its the self will
idc honestly c: 
taller than me idm as long as there not too big (im not into abs) xp
- Blonde's, Brunettes,Red heads, black,(any other color)? I really don't care about hair color..but a guy with black hair and blue eyes is hot to me... (:-Do u find vegetarians attractive or meat eaters?  I don't really care..but they have to be fine with me eating meat...bacause I do eat it..-Which do you find more attractive homosexual,asexual,bisexual, or heterosexual ? Umm... I'm straight.. BUt i could go for a Bi guy....idc im more into a person's personality tbh..-When you date some one do u care about there size?  Umm..I like guys that are taller than me..and not fat..but not like uberskinny either..but tbh idc...Like i said..its mostly about personality...
What do you find more attractive? - Blonde's, Brunettes,Red heads, black,(any other color)?Well, since you said *more* attractive... Black. Jet black -Do u find vegetarians attractive or meat eaters?I don't really care, I guess.-Which do you find more attractive homosexual,asexual,bisexual, or heterosexual ?Men? Heterosexual. Women? Bisexual.-When you date some one do u care about there size?I prefer a guy to be taller than me... and have somewhat substantial below-the-belt size.I really prefer curvy girls. I can't get into women who look like anorexic birds.
Black
Veggie's
Hetero
and no
What do you find more attractive?- Blonde's, Brunettes,Red heads, black,(any other color)?    black, brown, i dont care if you  have a random color either-Do u find vegetarians attractive or meat eaters?   I dont care??-Which do you find more attractive homosexual,asexual,bisexual, or heterosexual ?   i dont really care but bisexual is hott-When you date some one do u care about there size? i would prefer if the guy was taller than me yes but that's not to hard to surpass
- Blonde's, Brunettes,Red heads, black,(any other color)? Jet black hair is amazing....I medium length hair to long hair....it's so sexy.  -Do u find vegetarians attractive or meat eaters? I don't mind which. I eat both.-Which do you find more attractive homosexual,asexual,bisexual, or heterosexual ? Well, I'm strait, but I think Bi guys are hottt.  -When you date some one do u care about there size? I would want the guy to be either taller than me or the same hight...all 3 of my ex's have been somewhere around 6'1"....they had to bend down just to hold my hand.
I usually drift more towards dark hair colors.
I dont mind either way 
Any again
and size does not even come into it
As long as they are a nice person and have pretty eyes  thats what i like anyway
I want the exact double of me but a kazillion times more tattoos and piercings. Yeah I know i'm shallow. 

When it comes to other stuff i want somebody secure in their sexuality enough to laugh... maybe let me put my makeup on them :3

Blue or dark brown eyes make me dieeeeeeeee XD 

Idc about body shape. Long hair is gorgeous. hmmmmmm.... I better stop now. It's too early to go on and on.
stright, and if she knows her shit about paintball and doesnt weigh like 200 pounds then i shall marry said person.
I would compare myself to a crystal prism. My personality refracts into a vivid mix of colors. Each color represents a different part of my personality. When you get to know me, you can see my colors. Your words are like the light that shines through a crystal. hehe. Also, my name is Crystal. I love my name soo much. It fits with my personality pretty well as you can see here. ;D
What is your definition of friendship/true friend?Friendship: I always thought it was someone you could trust with anything, including your own life. Someone who is there when you a shoulder to lean on. Someone to talk to when you feel down. Just an all around person who is willing to help when you need help and someone to talk to. They accept you for everything you are and believe.My definition of TRUE friend is one that stands next to another against ALL odds. Not jugding, not calling names, not stabbing the other in the back. But understanding, being there and giving no matter what! It exists or if the other allows it as well. For TRUE friendship is a two way street. 50/50. Where can you find it? Look around you, and change the way you treat others . If you change then others may change as well.What does friendship mean to you?What do your friends mean to you?
Friendship means maybe too much for me. Sometimes I worry I care too much and end up hurt too easily. I expect my friends to have my back no matter what and if that can't be done it's time to go.
I try to do the right things no matter who is involved... friend, family, or stranger. Too many times I have found those closest to me to be nothing more useful than strangers.
Seems to be something that won't change yet I refuse to give up. I keep the good ones forever and the rest quickly disappear. Hard to live life questioning those around you so I choose not to. In the end everyone shows their true colors.
Friends: someone im comfortable arounds. defend. trust a bit. ect

True friends: familys. (nots sayings much because family coulds be nothings )
but still. if i call u my sister brother or wtf evers. im there for u no matters whats. protects always. always my friends no matter what happens. trust with my life. partner in crime. love unconditionly(none stalker ways) 
stoppings nows befores i babble none stop about this...
I make friends easily for i try to be nice to every one =P . 

A normal friend is some one that you get along with. Just casually with people. No hatred between each other just able to talk and stuff.

A good friend is someone you share interests with , you talk more often, you hang out and you'se have fun together =D .

A best friend is someone that understands you totally, you can be 100% your self with, act what ever around them. They'll accept you for what ever.
if you got the weekend to do whatever youwant what would they be???           cheers to the freaking weekend!!!
Lot's of illegal stuff but, idk skate
i'd prolly party like crazy
if i had enough money id get all my ep friends togather and party in a nice house and then kiss my dream guy... ^-^ mwha :*  ... (:
am i invited   hahahahaha lolz
yesh..all my ep buddies are :3
^ yay!
My favorite thing to do on the weekends - Just hang out with friends and listen to music, dance and just have an awesome time. Randomness is always amazing xD
^ same here
High five!!
We won't need to be in TC if we're hanging out xD
true that^^ and btw go on ip chat..i hash stuff to tell you :3
Okay ^__^
Rap, chill out to tunes, write songs, watch movies, get out, conquer the world, quote famous people, eat candy, go out shopping, talk to vatos, meet new peeps, discover the mystery of the universe, and invent a cure for AIDS and cancer
if you discover the cure for cancer ill marry you :3
if you discover the cure for cancer ill marry you :3me too (my dad has lung cancer)
you guys should party till you're purple :3
hey what about sky diving hell ill go mad with sky diving..for people who are afraid of heights dont come
my weekend is like this. Saturday: paintball,paintball,paintball,eat, more paintball, paintball, paintball, sleep.
									   Sunday: eat, paintball, paintball, paintball, paintball, paintball some more, and then paintball
I would party, go skating, eat some pie, listen to music, go to the mall, go swimming, and just chill out with my friends. Hey? Do u care if i come to your party? I can't dance, but I love to party.
What is the worst thing you have ever done to a family member???


Mine would be when i stole my brothers phone went on lots of websites sent lots of texts hoping that 'The News Of The World' would hack him.
Cut my sister with a knife. But she asked for it 
made my mother cry.
threw a toy horse at my sister. she ducked and posted her brow on the corner of a wooden toy bin. she still has the scar o
i scared my cousin so badly that i nearly made him have a heart attack .
I was riding my bike one day and my breaks didn't work. I was going full speed and my brother was in the way. I yelled at him to move, but he only said "make me". I accidentally ran him over with my 5 speed mountain bike. Oops. I was 12 and he was 8. All i have to say is that he asked for it. I felt really bad though.
Whats your dream guy/girl?
Jeffree Star 
To me the perfect Dream guy/girl for me would be someone who has the best interest in helping others before they help themselves. Is super sweet, kind, loving, friendly. Has a fun and loving personality. Loves to go outdoors, knows how to have fun without alcohol and drugs or acting like a total slut . Listens to good music like me. lol. Someone who loves me for who I am and wouldnt have reasons to wanna change me in anyway. Pretty Smile. Know how to make me feel Happy when Im upset or angry. Just treat me special and know how to make me happy. Basically someone who would be there for me when I need them. Someone who will listen to me and not be over controlling. Someone who will tell me I am beautiful everyday, even though I do not look my best! Romantic and Passionate. Knows my likes and dislikes. As for looks I dont really have many standards really.....as long as you have a good head on your shoulders and a Caring Heart that is pretty much the Dream guy/girl in my eyes.
A guy whos really nice n understanding...
Who doesnt mind outcasts..
Doesnt mind wussies n hopeless romantics...
Who lyks d short cute gals...
N a guy who isnt full of himself n wudnt flirt
wiv evry gal he sees...

Trust me there are more than enough guys on this planet...who could meet your standards for your dream guy. And besides you are still young. Live your life to the fullest and in time you can end up meeting someone.
Hmm I guess...
My dream guy is a cute emo guy who will support me and loves me for who I am on the inside. He can't be a jerk and he has to give me space to breathe. I don't mind if he's clumsy or not really smart. He has to love music...I don't care what type. I Just want someone to truly love me and give me hugs. haha. I also want a guy that who doesn't mind the fact that im not as smart or pretty as other girls. I have never met anyone that I truly have loved. I will wait until I find that special person. I really just want someone who will be there to hold me tight when I cry and tell me it's going to be alright.
Does anyone think shirtless emo pineapples r smxy???

shirtless emo pineapples? O_O
I know right?! They drive me crazy every time i pass the fruit section at the supermarket !
Ha well der emo coz of der spiky green hair...n der not wearin a top...
So der shirtless, emo, num num n smxy...
Yea I kno im weird...
Haha  They are the bestest ;D fully sexii
Im such a lazy Tater -.- . Some one help me out on how to be less lazy D= !
If ur brd wlk round in circles instead of sittin dwn...
I sumtimes wlk round randomly...im a weirdo.
Plus u aint d only really lazy person...im really baad
who do you think is better the fire breathing dragons or thethe epic flying sparkling unicorn


Since I have to choose between the two, Ima choose the unicorn.However, I'm in love with giraffes.Just sayin.
I go for the unicorn too! Hmm or maybe the dragon as it can cook marshmallows.. Decisions decisions..Oh it will have to be the unicorn! xD
i love unicorns 
hell yeah but idk dragons can burn your enemies alive and a unicorn wow just magical i has no idea
no u cant has 2! D: 
but im gettings A Dragon Unicorn :3 problem sovleds.
hell i wish i can has both then ill be like check me out yall i got two what do you got???
i choose a dragon because i can use it to steal a unicorn  :3
oh hells no *starts a unicorn army* lets get em!!!!!
UNICORNS
duckicorn! (its a type of unicorn)
DRAGONS!!cuz they ish awesome!! Xp
Dragons r awsum! Cum in all diff elements...
Fire! Wind! Water! Earth!
But ov cors fire is best by farrr...
Dragon xD
i wanna talk bout anything you wanna talk about
we can talk about turtles and how awesome they are :3
awww, i love turtles 
me to i have one
hai
i like turtles to they are so small and cool i wanna hug one lol
ya well if he wouldn't bit me i would hug him
I want to ride one of those giant hundred year old turtles !
^ wow really
ya
How cool would it be but!
turtle power!!!!
Forks? C:
parents egh .
I'm cold
I feel just like him
WHO LIKES GIR BETEER THAN SPONGEBOB????For me I love them equally
GIR! :3 is better to me but spongebob is pretty awesome too XD
Neither! They both are lame!
I personally don't really care much for either of them but....for conversations sake, I would pick Gir over Spongebob ANY day xD
I hate spongebob, but if nothing else than Gir then pick him
I swear im not trying to start one whole big war. I just wanna kno:Who do you guys like better. Harry Potter Or Twilight?Simple and to the point.I personally like Harry Potter more.
Neither D: Sparkly vamps and little english boys aren't my thing.
honestly, i am not a fan of either, but i will say this...
the only movies from the two that i completely watched and liked were:
-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part 1
and
-Twilight Saga:Eclispe
i 
Ron is silly.
silly but kinda cute.
i love his red hair :3
it's awesome
Harry Potter :3
Harry Potter. Da boy is awesome
harry potter all de way.... im a used-to-be fan lol and vampires are not ussually nice and they deffs dont sparkle
I Hate both of them
Harry Potter 
Shawn thats sad .
I Hate both of them lol you almost always say that when you're given a choice between things,Shawn. :3
I Hate both of them  Agreed Shawn :\
HARRY POTTER FOREVER 
Brian!!! Not U To!!! Dx
Harry Potter = boys who know magic

Twilight = boys who sparkle

hmm.... very conflicting
Lmfao Chantal!! XD
ikr xD but it's so true
Lmfao!! XP it ish
BOTH?!?!? (;
twilight 
Harry Potter! the reason...he knws how to use magic like a boss!!
NOOo twilight..lol
Hate 'em both...
As much as I like vampire... I'm going to have to go with Harry potter... I'll pick magic  over sparkley creatures of the night anyday ...


lol
Harry Freaking Potter. That's a fucking DUH.
twilight sux and harry potter... idk.... i guess is ok =)
Harry Potter FO SHO....

Twighlight let me see - Edward- mentally disturbed (he broke a bed D:)
                                          Jacob   - Pedophile ( Imprinted on a babeh )
Harry Potter FO SHO....Twighlight let me see - Edward- mentally disturbed (he broke a bed D:)										  Jacob   - Pedophile ( Imprinted on a babeh ) hahha lol he broke a bed :/ rape lol
both kinda erk me :/

but if i hazd to choose, now that i think about it i would pick Harry Potter because the story line is a bit more... how do you say... sophisticated. :3
R.I.P matt lochrie... you were a great person and i hope the sick freak that found you gets what he deserves for what he did :'( you will be missed by everyone
RIP Holly
though we hadnt talked in away i will always remember the days you looked after me when i was scared and sensitive. you were the big sis i never had.
i would buy jayy from BOTDF  (he ish mine chantal!!! :3)
I take all my friends out and buy them stuff
nothing. Absuelty nothing. i cant do hard desicions 
hell yall crazy ill get leah and shawny a back stage pass to meet Jeffree star.....
-dies-   LOL
nothing i'd rather have 5 million pound as it's worth much more
i rather buy me a new car and a huge mansion hell yeah ill be livin in ma huge house and ma pool with jet skies HAALLLLAAAA
Invest in valuable metals and jewels, use the rest to build a shed on a remote island of Scandinavia, live there, with a private army where I can plot on how to take down the the capitalist system of the world.
I would go to all the concerts of bands I love and hang out with the bands..I would Bring all my besties too :3

or I'd Buy a unicorn o.o
oh we can buy  a giant cotton candy machine and a lifetime supplies of hair dye hehehehe lol
by a les paul guitar , with the rest i done know
I would hire a bunch of scientist people to invent me a unicorn. c:
Or
I'd just take all my friends to hot topic.
Or
I'd buy hot topic.

I know I'd donate to charity. Maybe one of those help the little african children charities c:
has anyone ever felt sad and mad and hapi and confussed at the same time lol well if you feel like any of them at times then i wanna know lol tell me why u feel like u feel at the time of the replie i wanna see how many people are sad mad hapi or confussed it will b interesting to see how every one feels
All the time! X]

Mine's from Bipolar disorder. I'm open to talk about it with anybody so it's not like a sensitive issue or anything.

One thing I can't stand is people who have misconceptions about it. Like it means you're manic 24/7 or a crazy mood swing non-stop. It's not like that at all if you're being treated. I'm pretty chill myself and my looney side doesn't always show too well but I often feel like that inside. It sure is confusing even having it all my life it never gets old. :]
has anyone ever felt sad and mad and hapi and confussed at the same time lol well if you feel like any of them at times then i wanna know lol tell me why u feel like u feel at the time of the replie i wanna see how many people are sad mad hapi or confussed it will b interesting to see how every one feels
im all of them its an emotion confusion right now and im not sure why i guess its just me xp
please post on this without spamming so i have something to help me get 3000 posts
rolf
Its gonna take months man
stop with the bad COMMENTS HE CAN DO IT I KNOW IT
JUST KEEP IT UP
yep, i know it's take months, but i can still try
you will get there in like 2-3 months but you will do it
yes, definately
So, you've created a thread that you'll post in, instead of posting in worthwhile threads, to increase your post number which, may I add, will do jack shit for you?
Honk honk

-Gamzee
and you wonder why i dont like you?
^ lol

post post post away?  

Dude I been here a year and I got almost 3000 _
no, i said no spamming
i love the convo love lol SO GREAT lol ROLF LOLASOARAS LOLOFACATION
haha lol
i'm just in the games forum, i wont be on here for a bit, losts of posts to be gained there
yeah i know lol ive been there too
g
ahhhh, this is hurting my brain all this posting and i've got to remember to turn off notifications, i have like 10
lol i don't have mine on so i am all good

it's gonna take a while, doll
just don't abandon the forums like I did.
although I think I've worked up close to 500 posts just within the last month or so.
don't quote me. I just might be wrong.
really a month?
i've picked up 200 posts in the last two hours or maybe three, but my point still stands
hes helping me reach 3000 i was 305 short now im less than 50 haha
yeah i know, i was like whoa, look who many posts....
lol thanks for the help hehe
SO CLOSE shawn xDD
yup woot!
I want food
give me food, shawn
uhm ok *hands you bag of doritos, bag of potato chip, skittles, reeses peanut butter cups, a bowl of chicken noodle soup and a fully roasted rotisserie chicken* 

I hope you are hungry cause now u got lots of it lol
I like you :DD
lol awesome! i like you too
*dances*
I'm liked by a mod

snowdoll and darkchildmatt like me too xD
					
					

well they are barely ever online and they never talk....But yeah true. I wish mickey was still admin She was awesome!! Now she is never online
I didn't know mickey ._.
well she was admin for a few months while you were inactive from ep and she went inactive and replaced her with snowdoll. And hes just as inactive as her.
yeah. but i talked to snowdoll for a while and I guess he was a mod before....like a long way back, and she took his place.
but he also said he's been away. that's all he told me tho.
hmm ok I never really talked to him. So I dont really know his circumstances on why he is inactive but I said hi once and thats it. But I think this site needs more active mods/admins.
he said he didn't think you liked him or something
because he came back and was suddenly a mod
and I agree.
I never really talked to him so How can I not like him lol? I like everyone on here pretty much...Unless you give me a reason not too. So Idk why he would think that. My personal opinion is you should be a mod but thats not my choice.  3000!!! POSTS!!!!!
ALSO
I think I'll use this thread to bump my post count as well
ahahaha

and awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww :3
that means a lot
YOU COMPLEMENTED ME IN YOUR 3000TH POST :DDD
					
					

lol! it will help!

hehehe :3 Im just being completely honest. You should be!
and you wonder why i dont like you?I figured it was because you were a judgemental and racist asshole, but, I guess I'm wrong.
Racist???? Do you even know wtf that word means....??? Because you obviously DO NOT!
stop with the bad COMMENTS HE CAN DO IT I KNOW ITJUST KEEP IT UPyour kidding right?! That wasn't a negative commentnd quite frankly vampire puppet how old are you?! Your one of the most immature kids on here, at least gamzee is funny and entertaining, you just squall about your horrible life which I don't think is that bad especially seeing as your able to go on the internet and bitch about it, there are people who can't go on the internet, can't even complain or seek help, if your life is so horrible than get some help aside from the internet!whew I'm glad I got that off my chest before bootcamp
Racist???? Do you even know wtf that word means....??? Because you obviously DO NOT!Actually I do. It's persecuting another based on race.Honk honk -Gamzee
How long til you leave for boot camp? And when are you coming back?
And Gamzee did he actually say anything racist to you?  If he Did im sorry for being being rude.
I start in like two hours it lasts for nine weeks
oh wow! Well good luck!
Thanks
Your Welcome
And Gamzee did he actually say anything racist to you?  If he Did im sorry for being being rude.No, but she just says she hates me, and, I've never really done anything to the coy asshole, so, I draw the to conclusion she must me racist or something since a lot of members are subjected to random hate, and, maybe she's taking it out on me because of my race.Honk honk -Gamzee
					
					

he's just an idiot im sorry im really trying to not be too judgmental but that kid pisses me off more than goats do and thats saying something
he's just an idiot im sorry im really trying to not be too judgmental but that kid pisses me off more than goats do and thats saying somethingWho is? If you don't mind me asking.Honk honk -Gamzee
vampire puppet
Lol Gamzee its a dude first of all. And thats jumping too conclusions because he said nothing about your race so he isnt being racist. But I will admit I was being an asshole to you as well at first but thats because i thought you were one of the 12 trolls that are still lurking around on here somewhere. But Im actually beginning to like you because you speak your mind lol. And you Are dead honest But anyways he may be being judgemental to you but he obviously has a reason to hate you which I dont know what it is. But Its his opinion and is entitled to it but all this negative bs on here is annoying as hell. Ill try to tell him to be more respectful. I think he is really cool but i dont have a reason to dislike him or hate him so but you obviously both do.
i think he just needs a life .
Lol I need a life too but Im not an asshole Nor does that make him one either....
i never said he was he's immature, and needs to grow up a bit
he's like 15, everyone's immature at 15.
hell, I'm still a bit immature and I'm 17.
he needs to grow a pair and man up a bit
Im 21 and Im immature as hell. Well I can be if u piss me off enough
wow! just wow!
alright if it was just once that he really needed help than id be glad to but its a common occurance  it comes a time when you say man up my step brother goes through more shit than the average teen and he never complains
					
					

I go through more than the average teen. soo.
I think everyone on this site can say that....pretty much
true.
yea but no one  compains three times a month, besides him and he never gives a real reason i think he just looks for attention
well just remember there are a lot of younger users on this site....and Not all know how to deal with their pain. Some of us deal with our pain in different ways. I personally do not talk about my personal issues very often. There is actually only 1 person on here who I talk about my personal problems with. But I mean its fine to complain about your life...its kinda part of the human nature. But Like I said we all handle our problems and emotions differently some more "mature" than others.
Hell if i wanted too I could complain 24/7 about mine but thats who I am or how I deal with my problems.
he just pisses me off and when i try and help him he bites my head off, but when a girlll does it he welcomes them
Ill tell him to be nice : P
I can only imagine what his response will be when he seems this on his topic lol
woooo shawn, you hit 3000
yup! And I now have the most posts on all of EP haha
i helped you, you owe me shawn
lol we been helping each other the whole day
it was my night time, i stayed up until like 2 30 helping you
lol  its only 8pm here now it was about 7am when i got on this morning!

he can do it
I figured it was because you were a judgemental and racist asshole, but, I guess I'm wrong. definately, i'm neither of those things, i dont even remember why this started but i think i was in a bad mood and you said something that i got annoyed at
your kidding right?! That wasn't a negative commentnd quite frankly vampire puppet how old are you?! Your one of the most immature kids on here, at least gamzee is funny and entertaining, you just squall about your horrible life which I don't think is that bad especially seeing as your able to go on the internet and bitch about it, there are people who can't go on the internet, can't even complain or seek help, if your life is so horrible than get some help aside from the internet!whew I'm glad I got that off my chest before bootcamp  i'm 15.no sometimes i get in a bad mood, the only time you seem to notice me is when i'm in a bad mood and i'm sorry we got off on a bad foot, i hope we can be friends when you get back, ask anyone i usually am happy and cheerful just some times i'm in a bad mood i am really sorry, you think this way about me
he just pisses me off and when i try and help him he bites my head off, but when a girlll does it he welcomes them i'm really sorry, i dont mean to.hmm, i think there might just be a bad sense of timing or something, i'm really sorry if it seems that way
well Vampire Puppet i think your funny and great and everyone has to say something about the way they feel time to time
thanks
you make mr ROLF when we were talking in the serious fourm thing lol
yeah, i'm usually like that but unfortunately those two caught me in my off mood.
off moods can be fun sometime hehe *evil laugh*
no, like bad moods, i've only had them three times in my life and punk was there everytime, i feel really bad and i cant fix things up with him until he gets back
as for Gamzee, he caught me once or maybe twice, i'm going to try and fix things up there
don't feel bad it isn't your fult everyone gets bad moods even me
i once punched  people in one day because of my bad moods
so dw it will be ok
it sort of is my fault, it's not like me to get in bad moods
yeah but everyone dose you can be the most Unbad moody person and still get one here and there
those two people were in the wrong place at the wrong time
i know, but that wrong time, was the moment they were there, and i upset them
all you can do say sorry and you truly mean it
i know i sent a message to both of them to sy sorry, but punk cant accept it until he gets back and i have no idea how long it'll be
its ok if they are your true freinds they should accept
they never were friends
oh well you can only have faith and hope that they will accept it
yeah, i hope they do
same XD
i dont know if they will though
they will
i can only hope
yepo
haha
ROBOT DANCING CAT
cause i cant dance
I missed something here.
not really, you were there when punk and gamzee were hating on me, i just said i'm sorry, little-emo-dino said they'll forgive me, gamzee already has, then little-emo-dino just started saying random stuff
oooookay.
well I stood up for ya so  lol
yep thank you (again)  *hugs*
hehe i am the random Queen lol
that you are, except for maybe amber, you and her should have a random contest
ahaha

so who wants to hear my story about what'll happen if my friend and I move in together?
haha me
i do RAWRXD IAM DINO-SOAR
okay. so. this will take me a while to type.

we decided we're going to have two dogs, a pug and a husky.
then last night I said we'd have 42 pets. two of them are the dogs and the rest are cats xD
so then he went on about what would happen when he comes home from work and wants to nap. he'd go into the bedroom and all the animals would be piled on the bed. so he'd go to the couch and I'd be asleep in the car. then he'd go back out to his car, find out he left his windows down and find a badger and a couple ground squirrels in it. this would be a daily occurrence.
he would get up in the middle of the night and I'd ask where he went when he gets back and he'll say something about a panda. no one will know where it came from. there will also be a kangaroo in the basement and a zebra in the back yard.

there's my story 


i'm a vampkitty
iam vampbitchDino-souar
HAS ANYONE READ MY STORY? xD
no
D:
read nao
I'll even repost it.

we decided we're going to have two dogs, a pug and a husky.
then last night I said we'd have 42 pets. two of them are the dogs and the rest are cats xD
so then he went on about what would happen when he comes home from work and wants to nap. he'd go into the bedroom and all the animals would be piled on the bed. so he'd go to the couch and I'd be asleep in the car. then he'd go back out to his car, find out he left his windows down and find a badger and a couple ground squirrels in it. this would be a daily occurrence.
he would get up in the middle of the night and I'd ask where he went when he gets back and he'll say something about a panda. no one will know where it came from. there will also be a kangaroo in the basement and a zebra in the back yard. then we just started acquiring random animals.

there's my story
i love you story its funny
:DDD
OH and we'd have a room dedicated to Doctor Who and we'd keep it locked and none of the animals would be allowed in there.
hehe i want a room to can i have one too??
have a room dedicated to you and keep you locked in there? O.o
sure locked in a room i already know the feeling
okay I won't lock you in there.
and you can have as many of the 40 cats as you want.
thanks it gets boring after awhile and i want 5 cats XD and a pet rock
haha
*hands dino a pet rock* :DD
i wanna pet rock
eeeiieeieee YAY A PET ROCK  i will call him toxic after you Toxic_Melody
*gives sean a pet rock*
:DD

I had a typo when I spelled your name. I typed swan at first. :DD
and next you'll have a dog named shawn or endofgreen
haha 

i will call him squishy and he will be my squishy
I will name my husky Swan.
just for you, Sean
haha  i'm now a dog and a fish, but i'm the only cat sean ever
hehe i have a pet rock
so do i
yay
he is called squishy and he shall be my squishy....i have no idea whats with me and quoting dory
lol mine is named toxic
i remember someones status was "i dont know what to do" then i randomly just said
"just keep swimming, just keep swimming, what do we do we swim. swim:
:DD

lol
the irony, i'm exactly 1/3 the way there as of this post....1000 posts
YAY PARTY !!!!!! WHOOOP WHHOOOPPP XD
here have a turtle
ahaha :DD
don't beat me tho please. I'll be sad.
but how do i beat shawn?
how about toxic_melody how about u keep posting XD join the race
she already is, just not as active as me and shawn
oh ok awesome whats her real name ??
who? cece?
Awesome nameage
yeah
hehe XD
i cant believe how many posts i have, i earnt the title of posting freak, I AM NOT A FREAK
sean you lieeee lol
meh, fair enough
lol hehe lol well i am a
Senior Member
posting freak is a better title, i had yours before
well i have to wait don't i
yep
lol that sucks
just keep posting, stay up all night and post like theres no tomorrow, or whatever it was you told me
i will

ROFL
soo anyway
anyway???????
post for the sake of posting!
yes post to u cann't post no more
which is until i die basically
lol

rawrXD
Meow
rawr
meow
rawr
*drinks milk*
*eats a tree*
free what?
i  ate a tree
ahh, sorry, f's and t's look similar to me
lol
*noms a chair*
eats normal food
a plant yummy in a werid liitle crazy voice
meoww
meow?
meow
meow!
mur
der
noooooooooo mur!
RAWR
mur!
mur is the sound that unicorns make
oh ok Unicorns the ones that poop rainbows??
yes
awesome XD

I smell like my friend

XD purple in a scared little kiddy voice
haha
CRAZY EYES
cant you even get a topic?
hehe idk probly not XD
didn't think so
yeahXD
so lets try to stay on a topic, what topic should we talk about
hmmmm how about andy sixx and the gang
woooooo ANDY SIXX!!!!!!!!
broken ribcageXD whilest being silly with sandra XD so fun intill he hurts him self
that was the longest you've ever stayed on topic congradulations
thank you XD
haha
its nice to get a congats once in a while
yes it is
lol

poke haha
*has a spaz attack*
waah, whats wrong???
you poked me xD
yeah, you poked me but i didn't have a spaz attack
well I do xD
haha  am i that scary?
nahh. I just tend to freak out if someone pokes me.
and if you tickle me, I'm not responsible for any injuries.
haha *slowly walks up to you.....tickles ou then runs!!!!* hahahahaha
*chases you and jumps on your back* ahahaha
ahhhh, rape!!!!
ahaha can't rape the willing
fair enough

haha
I have no words to say
actually you had 6
._. smart ass
smart ead, my ass if fairly stupid
._.

randomness
yes. yes it is
yup
so I need to write 3 letters for bus com
I'm not good at writing at someone else's will
hang on what?
3 letters for an assignment
I'm not good at writing stuff that I don't want to do on my own
oh ok, you said peoples wills and i was like "yeah usually people write their own wills"
lmao xD

huh?

also.
I just wrote a parody of last resort.
about pizza.
based off of a status on here.
					
					

you are very creative cece.
Pandas.
not way to far to go before i get to 3000 post.
keeeep on posting you will get there eventually
yeah, but i think i will beat amber to 3000
lol of course you will, She doesnt post 300+ a day like u haha
haha  true
god dangit sean STOP POSTING lol
hes back in school he cant post as much now lol
yuss 
ugh i will reach 3000 before sean. even though cece will beat me.
:DD
I be a mod now, Amber
ahaha
oh thats awesome. congrats cece.
Blah. Just got to the dentist. Yaay..
so how did the dentist go?
mehh. not bad. I have to go back next week to get something filled i think
oh okay. i hate the dentist.
I'm so close to 3000 posts I CAN TASTE IT
yea i am not so close, but no so far.
yeahh
its cuz I've been insanely active today.
i see that.
lawl
i changed my picture.
I see that xD
lol i keep getting bored with my pictures.
lol
So I just need to continue my streak of 150-200 posts per day and I'll reach 3000 in no time
oh wow. i will not get there that fast.
woo 2015 posts, but i'm having big breaks, my PMs became slightely more important
okay maybe i will be beat to 3000
by cece yeah, by me, depends, i'm not going to post as much as i used to, there are things i have to sort out..
*Invades* Rawr.
yea well i will not be here as much either, and i am already not here a lot.
D: MY THREAD HAS BEEN INVADED
*glomps the invader*
THIS IS MY 3000TH POST YOU GUISE
woo, we have two people 3000+ (to my knowledge)
three, but Randomgirl is never on. so two.
it will take me a little bit longer to reach to 3,000
yeahh
lalalalalalala randomly posting to gain a post.
I didn't wanna come to school today D:
why?!?
Because I can't stay home and talk to my husband D: 
Ish ok 
Sweets. Just remember you have to get your sleeping routine down for work soon xDD
When do you start, btw?
Im not sure as in date wise but in about 4-5 weeks. I start sometime at the very end of November but no date was given yet. They should be calling with more information soon; Prob today/tomorrow sometime.
well good ^-^
hehe 
I drew a badass batman symbol 
Sweetness!!!

You okay? D:
i am having a really hard time, dealing with everything. i just wake up sad.
D:
be happy amber D:
i am trying.
good D:
hmh.
Wait... What's the point of this thread...?
to help sean reach 3,000 posts, but i haven't seen him around???
The past like, three pages or so only have you, Shawn and Cece talking lol.
oh well then... we do tend to have a big mouth and talk a lot. i love them.
Lol, nothing wrong with talking.. THERE CAN NEVER BE ENOUGH TALKING. I declare it.
lol my tummy is hurting.
ahaha xDD
Sean's back in school so he's not on much, if ever.
So it's just us ^-^
oh sad.

but we talk enough for him too.
I'm sure between the three of us we talk enough for 10 people xD
Pretty much ^-^

What's wrong?
lol. i love how mickey replied to all my sadness. at least i know i am cared about. again, i went to the doctor.
You were freaking me out! lol. I was like "WHAT IS GOING ON!"

Is everything ok?
._.
blah
my life is confuzzleness D:
D: why you confuzzled?
yes why confuzzled?
To sum it up in one word: boys.
xD
oh. boys can always make things complicated.
Okay, as you know, over the last year, the forums design was.. lacking. (ugly)

However! I am wanting to upgrade our forum software from mybb to IPB.

There are a few things which will effect this.

1. the gallery will be removed and then replaced (all files will be lost)
2. forum posts may be lost (depending if we can convert the database)
3. you may have to re-register or reset your password.

Now, here are the good things:
1. user profile comments
2. better design to the forums
3. more profile options
4. when the gallery is put back, everyone will be able to create there own "folder" and upload images into there own directory (much like photobucket works)
5. you will be able to comment and rate users pictures.

Now - with that being said; You, the user - would you like us to upgrade the forum software, get a brand new design, etc.

what are your comments?
How do you feel about this?
What features do you want us to add with the upgrade?
Do you care if we remove the gallery complety? or should we keep it?
Personally, I think it's worth the risk.
Hey i'm just writing this to see if ppl well talk to me even though i'm not emo... i dont like it when ppl judge u on looks no what is on the inside it stupid looks r not evreything there is about someone... so if u want to nbe friends with a cool guy, that listens to ppls problems and try's to help u can msg me or ask for my yahoo... o and btw im just here to make friends and maybe it may lead farther than that....
Heya Pal :-) Welcomes to EP

I'm Sam and tis all good
^^that there is my friend Sam.
And I am Celeste 
but everyone here calls me Cece.
Welcome to the puddle
Haha, yes, That there is Sam. Sam had said That Sam was Sam because Sam knows Sam is Sam because Sam is Sam and that is why Sam said Sam is Sam. If Sam wasn't Sam then Sam wouldn't say he was Sam, Sam would say he is called Jeff
Well I was just saying that Sam is my friend...who is Sam
Haha, good good :-) Jeff is happy with this
Wait,
Who the hell is Jeff?
Tis my new alter ego :-P 

Anyways, Charlie man, you said you wanted to make friends, we not good enough for you? Or you only going to message the Girls?
Oh dude, for a second I thought by "butt" he meant like the actual butt, and I was like "what's an emo butt?"
Welcome hun:)
This is just that charlie1919 again:/
the charlie guy? he was creepy.
hai its andy again from ss, just to let you know we dont have fb so if any of you have us or lets say a fake delete em.

xx Andy, Bradie and Shaun
ohh my god Andy get off my account NOW!!
anyone wanna be my friend on Facebook? I'm on there more than here and you'll beable to find more out about mehh:)
ill be leaving to my home on friday and ill probaly never be on this site till im 18, my last night im going to release my finale poem, and if any one still wants to be in contact with me my email is ________________, remember i will still help resolve all ur issues if u guys ned a therapist
aww =\
awww.   We'll miss seeing u on here
why you have to go and were are you now that you can be on emopuddle
im gona miss you my friend,ill be looking forward to when you return.
awwww, im gonna miss you   i'm gonna email you alot so be prepared. bye 
*CRYING* DUDE DON'T GO!!!!!  .... I GONNA EMAIL YOU DUDE TRUST ME
srry but when i read that he raped his own mom something in my head snapped and i ugh .
dont wrry hes a lier, i dont think he actually raped his mother, in fact i think, this guy is angry, and sad and needs help and support, hes lashing out at tottal strangers, hes obvoiusly just venting anger
ok but still honestly that just isnt something that you say even if you need help,but im fine now
ur right its not somthing u say but when somones angry and upset or even heart broken they tend to say things they shouldnt
ur right its not somthing u say but when somones angry and upset or even heart broken they tend to say things they shouldntbut something like that though?!
idk maybe he actually saw his mom get raped
umm that doesnt explain why he said he did it though
again hes confused and needs help
ok shane
Bye.. Remember all the times while.. Little bits of the time we shared together..
What's this raping moms business??? And bye Shane....  I'll email you maybe
aw. when are yu going to be 18? Even though we dont really talk much, I really appreciate you being here. you've helped a lot of people. Im goona miss you Mr. Shane!
there was this kid whoposted alot of trolling stuff scribe erased the posts, and im not leaving this was like 5 months ago
HAHA I JUST NOTICED HOW OLD THIS TREAD IS WHOOOOOOPSIES EMBER!
Old thread and he announced a while ago that he was staying.
I've liked girls pretty much as far back as I can remember
unfortunately my family is a bunch of bible thumpers
that are against anything that twists their religion.

I live in a small town
I've got made fun of because of my views on things
how I look and dress but that shouldn't matter
I hate the fact that I'm a girl I honestly believe
I should have been a guy (that might sound strange or lame)
but It would have been easier for me
I wouldn't have to put up with my mom always on my back
about how I dress like a "boy" and don't act "lady like"
same goes for my dad only he don't say much just gives me that
(I'm disappointed in you look)
FUCK EVERYONE. Just let me be me how hard is that to understand?

I'm worn out.
I'm tired of being every bodies puppet

(wow I went off on a rant there)

I do have a girlfriend, and I love her deeply
but she doesn't understand why it's so hard for me
to except things the way they are.
I don't because it's cruel and I don't want to just sit
and watch "them" point fingers at us and make jokes.

More than anything I'm SICK of people using the word "lesbian"
like it's some sort of insult.
I'm a lesbian and I'm fucking proud of it.

VAGINA'S UNITE!

I don't know where I was going with this
Just something I've been thinking about...
I know how you must feel:( it suck cuz me n my girlfriend had the same problem bt she  decide to leave to me to make her parentz happy now im all alone
just be yourself hun! who says you have to get the aproval of the world anyway? i've ALWAYS had a thing for girls but growing up witha homophobc father i nearly tore myself to pieces with these feelings. do what makes you feel good.  HAVE FUN!!!
i had a gf then my mom started hollaring that im a fag and she was gunna get us sent to mental hospitals and stuff so shes not mine anymore but shes my bestest friend now.... and the best things in life are the hardest to get just dont let the teasing and stuff bother you and theyll realize eventually it does no good
The title of this implies searching for someone to date.

Note that this is not a dating site.
Is there anyone from England here lol evryone i speak to is from lk half way accross the world  

add me on facebook people (FB stuff removed)
Don't post personal information on the site.
I hate world studies! I'm so bored I started singing I Heart Hello Kitty... For the seventeenth time!! Question if you go to public school do you have to leaen about religion??
no we are banned learning bout religion its against the rules
no, they cant influence u about religion
how many people i can make lose the game :3
(in making this, i also lost)
wait what lol ? explain more?
google the game.
damn it, i lost the game
how do i stop cutting myself? they told me to do it in moderation.. i didn't listen to them.. they told me my cutting was getting outta control.. i need to stop..but i can't..cause i feel like if i don't do it depression would kill me.. i feel so alone.. like no one fucking cares if i'm still breathing... so i cut.. cut until pain comes and make me forget the memories that stings the depression that kills and the loneliness i feel...
Closed.

See link in post above me.
Why do parents want to take credit for all the gud things u do but When all the bad stuff happens they want to make like they don't know what the hell is wrong with you? My grandmother never cared about education. She actually wanted me to drop out but i ddnt. But now that my lit teacher called her today to tell her that im reading on a college level. and she made like she was the reason y when she dsnt even know how to spell cat.
oh wow.. ik wat u mean i hate wen grwn ups do dat.. i mean why cant we do nothng on our own.. i mean we aint dumb we can do great thngs on our own.. i mean my parents are always tlkn bout how good they do wit my since i make good grades and stuff.. but wen i had tld them i lost my virginity they acted like i was a diff person and was so wrng i mean ive always made my own decisions frm making d good grades to having sex.. im d same me..
Exactly wat i mean. They shuldnt take accreditation 4 shit.
ok, you make so many rant/vent/whine threads, so please use this:


or at least put rants in the rant section.
Okay so question why does every1 keep saying i cnt be emo or listen to the music i do because im black.? Don't u think this is so stereotypical.
WTF??? that is racist and stereotypical!!!!!!!! tell those ppl that say that to go to hell if they r going to stereotype you!i hate when ppl do that!!!!!   GO WITH UR GUT AND BE URSELF!!!
ive been trying to get that in my mind...
thanx bcuz i go toa school with suppsed i guess u can say "ghetto people who act ignorant" So there mad bcuz im all proper and stuff.
Yeah thats wat they tell me. but they are stupid because b4 race was a term created to definr who would work slave labr for plantations and we r way past those days. They need to learn their history becuz to me i dnt think there is such thing a race only ethnic.
i totally thnk dat is racist and sterotypical.. i thnk neone can b emo and listen to ne kinda music.. why lable ppl i mean damn.. .... ... u can b who u wna b
a flower is not affected by wat pple want it to be, it blossoms to wat its truly meant to be, those are the most beutiful flowers
a flower is not affected by wat pple want it to be, it blossoms to wat its truly meant to be, those are the most beutiful flowersI think im in love with u, that was the perfect way to put it.
So my crack headed, fat ass, prostituting cuzin is staying over for a few days. I get in trouble becuz i locked my room door wen i went to school. She has stolen from b4 and i wont let it happen again. Isnt that reasonable?
yes that is very reasonable i wldve dne the samethng u did... and y did u get n trouble for it?? dats crazy?!?!?!
She said i need to start treating her like my cousin and i was all like BULLSHIT!!!!
i agree i have the EXACT thing happen to me, my cuz has stolen from me and i locked my bedroom door and i got yelled at and i was like "well that bitch has stolen from me so im not leaving it unlocked unless im here, and i might not even then"
damn right.
you shoud have every right to.
Yeah.
She said i need to start treating her like my cousin and i was all like BULLSHIT!!!!i wldnt treat her like my cousin either.. i wld treat her like d thief prostitute she is if it was my cousin
I have ive been arrested bcuz of her b4. I threw a knife at her and she had to go to the hospital.
When i saw the new page layout i got very confused bcuz i ddnt know were i was but it's very pretty whomever idea it was.
I know i think its better than the old one
Damnit i was getting used to the old one
Lol. Well im used to this 1 already.. LOl. Gud job Administrators.
You have been here less than me but i left for summer
lol. I was gone for 2 weeks after i registered during the summer. lol.
I love the new design.

NEVER CHANGE IT.  lol.
New design Pwns. Nuff said.
affirmative.
i like it!its better than red.go purple:D
i like it!its better than red.go purple:Dhehe i agree GO PURPLE!
the quotes and reps are hard to read but other than that i think its cool here
yea for d replies and stuff they shldve mayb choose another font color.. i have to highlight it to read them
Yeah it is hard to read and i have to strain my eyes which isnt gud becuz i wear glasses. I get headaches.
What is the Point of this site?
Fer srs?

All I've seen is a bunch of whiny kids complaining about their lives. Not only that, the avatars are giving people a chance to steal photo's.

Its helping create fakes.
:/
What is the Point of this site?Fer srs?All I've seen is a bunch of whiny kids complaining about their lives. Not only that, the avatars are giving people a chance to steal photo's.Its helping create fakes.:/the point is to be able to have a place to go and vent, and if your stupid enough to steal photos then why are you so ashamed of being you and becoming a fake?
If you dont want your fucking photo stolen DONT PUT IT UP SIMPLE!!!!!! an you complani about us bitching WTF do you call what youve just said...
What is the Point of this site?Fer srs?All I've seen is a bunch of whiny kids complaining about their lives. Not only that, the avatars are giving people a chance to steal photo's.Its helping create fakes.:/i dont know who your calling fake, but it sure is not me. My picture is real and i have a facebook to prove it. So...why dont you just get off emo puddle because this site isnt for you. You arent a very good troll by the way. You fail. I've been here for a while and i've seen way better trolls. Maybe you should learn from them before you come on here. Okay? M'kay
What is the Point of this site?Fer srs?All I've seen is a bunch of whiny kids complaining about their lives. Not only that, the avatars are giving people a chance to steal photo's.Its helping create fakes.:/i dont know who your calling fake, but it sure is not me. My picture is real and i have a facebook to prove it. So...why dont you just get off emo puddle because this site isnt for you. You arent a very good troll by the way. You fail. I've been here for a while and i've seen way better trolls. Maybe you should learn from them before you come on here. Okay? M'kay What?Who have I called a fake?By posting your photo's in the gallery, lurker's can steal pictures.
You fail. I've been here for a while and i've seen way better trolls. Maybe you should learn from them before you come on here. Okay? M'kay Well you do speak from experience, and you do know what happens to all the trolls
woooo go randomgirl!
What is trolling?
IF YOU DONT KNOW LOOK IT UP BUT YOU ARE A TROLL YOUR SPAMMING ALL OUR THREADS WITH YOUR NEGATIVE SHIT
IF YOU DONT KNOW LOOK IT UP BUT YOU ARE A TROLL YOUR SPAMMING ALL OUR THREADS WITH YOUR NEGATIVE SHIT Wut?
YOU ARE NEGATIVE!!! and your pissing people off! that's pretty much a short def. of trolling!
Thanks Elmo Maybe She Will Get It Now
Thanks Elmo Maybe She Will Get It Now Wot?
so turns out we are safe for the time being, chatango is up and running so now i can breath haha... admin feel free to delete this post because im done crying on the inside

Edit: yea my bad for causing more hype lol i just get worried when i search chatango and all these things come up saying it is getting shut down o_o
that name just reminds me of a fruit
yes it does to me to like a mango
... pfft
who wants to be texting buddies? 
cuz im bored!
PM meeeeeh (:
I'm making my own forum. Mind if i post the link??
Please don't.

What's it for anyway?
oh, pm it to me, I might join!
We do not advertise our stuff on your sites, please do not advertise on ours~StaffIf a zombie apocalypse occurred and most of the world's population died, and being the --- you are, you decide to create your own online message board for survivors of the zombie apocalypse to use. So, how would you set up your zombie apocalypse forum? Also, for this scenario, let's just say that electricity, server hosts, and internet service providers weren't shutdown (but everyone who operates them is is dead and thus unable to switch them off). I'd set it up like this: ---You can either create a forum for free using one of these:---Or you can just tell us how you would set it up using bold as categories, normal text as forums, and hyphens as sub-forums (with double hyphens indicating a sub-sub-forum, triple indicating a sub-sub-sub-forum, etc.). If you want to, you can also use parenthesis to describe what each forum is for. Here is an example (using the same set-up as the example forum I made):Survivor CenterAnnouncementsSuggestions & SupportOutpostsGeneral DiscussionGeneral DiscussionZombiesHealth & SafetySurvival TipsRaiding Parties & Scavenging PartiesTrading CenterPost-Apocalyptic DatingMissing PersonsSurvival StoriesRegional-Americas--North America---United States----Eastern United States----Midwestern United States----Western United States----Southern United States----Alaska----Hawaii----United States Overseas Territories---Canada--South America---Chile---Brazil---Argentina--Central America---Mexico--Caribbean-Europe--Great Britain & Ireland--France--Germany--Spain--Portugal--Italy--Poland--Russia-Asia--China--Japan--India--Korea-Africa-Oceania--Australia--New Zealand--Indonesia--Papa New Guinea-Kerguelen Plateau-Middle East-AntarcticaRebuildingRebuilding DiscussionProvisional GovernmentEducationPublic ServicesTransportationEconomyOff-TopicOff-TopicIntroductionsMemorials
Wtf....
Heyy, I'm new here and really bored. I just broke up with my bf. I'm super depressed. I hate life. Soo anyone wanna talk??
Soooo I'm really boreddddd!!! Anyone wanna talk? I loves meeting new people soo yah loll~!!
now we all have our own  opinion on poserz but apparently i have a couple theories on what sum poserz are. i think sum poserz just want to fit into a group an belong wich i think is just being desperate.make ur own group or personality up instead of just following what the croud does. NUMBER 2: sum just do it to make fun or mock other teen subcultures wich i dink is just plain stupid cuz in the end hurting & losing themselves.NUMBER 3: there r people out there tht tend 2b mistaken 4 poserz (tht includes me) so my suggestion know them firzt b4 u label them a poser! and n0w here is the 0NE thang tht botherz me alot.here there r alot of overweight (i think of them as skinny tho) emos tht bin called poserz just cuz they r overweight .
Wtf is up with your typing? At first it was alright til you fuckin went all l4zy. st0p typng lk tis. Type how everyone types.
I can smell a poser here as well. I also smell a hint of troll.
Not only do I agree with antix but there's alot of these threads anyway
I will say this right now, I, Gregisme21, has created a brand new religion. And it is called... It's currently unnamed... I'm going to put details up... Sometime...
Dang scribe sometimes it's annoying when u do that lolz  ok so my also plan is to thing about how much legal trouble I would be in cause I remembered that he's 19
Wow...dude your fucked.  You should try your hardest not to do or say anything.
Yeah and well he got a haircut and now he's kinda ugly hope he keeps it short during the trip
Lol
Yeah fingers crossed
Lol problem solved I saw a guy on facebook WAY hotter so I don't have a crush on him anymore
That one dude?
Yes changed everything
Well thats good
Yeah well u never know I thought I was going straight a few weeks ago and then bam back to bi
vlad scribe closed your thread....not idea to go and start it AGAIN...you're gonna get yourself BANNED .
fo' re'al!
Or I could just close it since I saw "problem solved"
Luv-emo's down so I'm pretty much stuck on this and melbshuffle forum.
huh ?
Luv-emos down. Pretty much that...
if you hav nuthin better to do than complain about another site on here..... GTFA!!!
Only place to be entertained and annoy the shit out of people. So no.
well stop complaining.... beggars cant be choosers...(if that applies)
Ahh that doesn't apply...
since its my last night here im going to say somthing to u ive been wanting to say for awhile,
u r a complete jerk, uv got no spine and ur idea of having a good time is teasing others, full well  knowing u may never run into any of them so they could show u som damn humilty, so franlky ur nothin but a fucking spinless coward teasing an angry bear
since its my last night here im going to say somthing to u ive been wanting to say for awhile,u r a complete jerk, uv got no spine and ur idea of having a good time is teasing others, full well  knowing u may never run into any of them so they could show u som damn humilty, so franlky ur nothin but a fucking spinless coward teasing an angry bearOh well thank you. Hope you finally realize what your doing with your life and pick the right road to success. We have faith in you.
fuck off antix if ur gonna complain go to hell and then complain but we really dont care mr asshole
give antix a break.....
um no... if cant come on here with out complaining about ANOTHER site (ok evn this 1) then he should go to hell or someplace else....
I love hell.
Just wondering, does anyone else agree?
why post this twice....
please go to dvgpoetry.webs.com    it's my poetry site. tell me what you think please
"Page not found"

Poems section if you get one that works.
/ report, June 16, the U.S. government to participate in or support of Iran's nuclear program and ballistic missile programs grounds that Post Bank of Iran, Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps-related entities and individuals, the Islamic Republic of Iran shipping companies and other related entities to impose sanctions.

U.S. Treasury secretary the same day at the White House press conference to announce the sanctions decision. He said that the sanctions "to prevent other governments,/ and foreign financial institutions in connection with those entities (or individuals) between the illegal activities against Iran constitutes a support", which is the U.S. government to implement UN Security Council resolution No. 1929 of the resolution taken within the mandate of the first batch of sanctions. 

According to / report the U.S. Treasury's statement was included in the sanctions list of Iranian entities or individuals, including: Post Bank of Iran; Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Air Force and Missile Command, Rah Sahel company, Sepanir oil and gas engineering company, Revolutionary Guards commander Mohammad * Ali Jia law, the Revolutionary Guards Basij resistance leader Mohammad Reza Sanagedi; Javedan Mehr Toos Company, Naval Defence Missile Industry Group, the new energy company executives Sabet, Secretary of Defense Hidi; and by the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Company owned or controlled by or acting on their behalf five entities: Hafiz Darya Shipping Company, Soroush Sarzamin Asatir ship management company, Safiran Payam Darya Shipping Company, Seibow Ltd. and Seibow Logistics.
what the fuck... 
for one...probably no one here...really cares...

and number two.....THIS BELONGS IN SERIOUS DISCUSSION!!!! .
it's a spam bot, and it wont be here anymore.
Hmm nope not going. Kinda lame that ur advertising on here.
I'll join when you add Pastafarian as a religion.
No advertising, spam bots, or otherwise allowed.
I'm sorry guys i'm leaving. probably wont be back. I hope you wont forget me.
FORGET THIS POST & THREAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ROFLMFAO!! guys!!!!!!!!! i know why antix is such a fucking pussy!!! XD he's from "depression-ville" Guam!! lmfao!!!! no fucking wonder he doesnt know how to tell people off!!!!! he's from fucking GUAM!!!! and he's 15!!!! and have yall noticed he doesnt even curse really? probably cuz he's scared his mommy will punish him! awwww boohoo

but ya..thats why he cant tell people off so well..and it doesnt help that he's a 15 year old turd (no offense to the youngins here)

this guy can't run with the big dogs so he should keep his little puppy ass on the porch where it belongs :-p
woot! ^ ^
should put this in the member wars topic
this is something that should probly be in member wars and not general discusion
lol yupp but i gotta get tha word out:/
none called u a whore ur just to desperate
well we wouldnt be bitching at you if you had a REAL FUCKING PICTURE

and i dont think i called you a whore...but now that you mention it


you fucking poser WHORE

at least i can prove my fucking identity

i dont need to put up fake ass pictures because bitch, IM FUCKING REAL SO KISS MY ASS =]
the first pic u had was more believable than the one u currently have
enough of these threads with the same 3 people bagging on each other.  feel free to continue it in the member wars area where it can be a single thread without being locked
Ok so recenntly i have boken up  with my boyfrien:( RSN: He tried to change who i am. 
I need/want a guy who will understand me for who i am and not try to change me, i need a guy who will stand by my side evn when im actin like a spoiled bitch all the time...i just need mr.right ya know???

COMMENT ME:) PRIVATE MESSAGE:)
Aren't we all?
omgee please go somewhere like you can be the ugliest person in the world but i would stll respect them cause they put there real pic on here
you are way too DESPERATE
no guy will wanna be with a fake ass bitch....what do you think he'll say when he looks at that pic and tottally wants to fuck it then sees you in real life and even his dick gets scared of your looks O_O at least let guys know what they're dealing with....i mean you are like this pretty little cupcake...and then you take a bite..and you're not a cupcake...you're just a baked pile of shit =]

dont decieve people with some fake ass pic
Ok so recenntly i have boken up  with my boyfrien:( RSN: He tried to change who i am. I need/want a guy who will understand me for who i am and not try to change me, i need a guy who will stand by my side evn when im actin like a spoiled bitch all the time...i just need mr.right ya know???COMMENT ME:) PRIVATE MESSAGE:)no one is gonna want a spoiled bitch.... especially if she admits she is one.
Please stop these dating threads, it's just spamming the forum and you'll get a temp ban.
What kind of emo says HIYA----GAYYYY rotfl its just....wrongg
Its nice to Know that the first place  I actually think i can talk makes fun of me...
OMG take a friggin joke i'm just playin:)
kay cool, sorry I tend to overeact, so if I do it again dont take it too seriosly
But TIP: Saying that, ppl will tend to think ur a prep not emo...
thanks for the tip, I'll keep that in mind
kay cool, sorry I tend to overeact, so if I do it again dont take it too serioslyno you weren't over reacting she was jus being a bitch.
Soooo, I've been reading about this for a while now, and it was finally announced that it's going to premiere on June 3rd. (In case you don't know what it is, it's a Fearnet animated series about two twin sisters, one of them is dead. Kind of reminds me of the dead version of Daria)

Anyway, here's a linky if you want to check it out:
yay another manga turning into a tv show i love those
anyone that joins just to advertise will be permanently banned.
personally since ilive in the country i where skinny jeans and scene clothes just cus i hate being like other people.
if i moved to a town where scene was really popular id dress jocky.(prolly still emo at heart)wow that sounded wannabe what would yalls do
that is also conforming
well thanks that really helps out you horrible man
You just conformed to non conforming.
just accept you can't be different and go natural, at least then people may accept you as uncommon
shut up 
did you spend hours thinking of that just to know you outsmarted someone
If all human behavior is stemmed from base genetics and the bombarded of outside stimuli, I could say "you" are just a result of the casual effects of the environment, removing the notion that you have freewill but simply conforming to the dictates of the world.

In the sense that we each have different dna and basked in the influence of different environment and perceptions, more or less you can be called "unique," Other than that, your set of traits are just everyone else. You are not unique.
If all human behavior is stemmed from base genetics and the bombarded of outside stimuli, I could say "you" are just a result of the casual effects of the environment, removing the notion that you have freewill but simply conforming to the dictates of the world.In the sense that we each have different dna and basked in the influence of different environment and perceptions, more or less you can be called "unique," Other than that, your set of traits are just everyone else. You are not unique.as lovely as this is in a show to prove some form of intelligence I'm wondering how relevant this even is?
If all human behavior is stemmed from base genetics and the bombarded of outside stimuli, I could say "you" are just a result of the casual effects of the environment, removing the notion that you have freewill but simply conforming to the dictates of the world.In the sense that we each have different dna and basked in the influence of different environment and perceptions, more or less you can be called "unique," Other than that, your set of traits are just everyone else. You are not unique.as lovely as this is in a show to prove some form of intelligence I'm wondering how relevant this even is?not relevant at all since the topic is of clothing.
I think it's good to just be yourself. I'm perfer not giving a fuck about what people think about me. Changing yourself I don't think is an awesome idea.
[as lovely as this is in a show to prove some form of intelligence I'm wondering how relevant this even is?not relevant at all since the topic is of clothing.I was saying the original poster that he/she isn't unique. And she/he is trying too hard.Changing yourself I don't think is an awesome idea.You sound like a conservative fundie. Are you a conservative fundie?
[as lovely as this is in a show to prove some form of intelligence I'm wondering how relevant this even is?not relevant at all since the topic is of clothing.I was saying the original poster that he/she isn't unique. And she/he is trying too hard.Changing yourself I don't think is an awesome idea.You sound like a conservative fundie. Are you a conservative fundie?I have a question. I'm sorry to ask this, but... are you...human?????
I say I am, but how can I be sure that you are too?
What's a conservative fundie?
I say I am, but how can I be sure that you are too?You'll never know.
Interesting...
What's a conservative fundie?A conservative christian fundamentalist. You know, those guys who take the words of the bible literally.I was accusing you as one since you seem to have said that change is not cool... the reason for the "conservative" comment.
well, in my opinion, the guys at the beginning are right in saying you are conformist-to being non-conformist, because you are going out of your way to be part of the magority. you should wear what you wear because you like it. not because of what other people are doing. i wear skinnys and dress in black sometimes, but thats because i like how it looks. sometimes i wear bright purple morrocon trousers, some times i wear ballgowns, sometimes i wear pyjamas, sometimes i dress up as a dragon or a robot and walk around town sipping orange juice out of the carton until my robotic arms fall off. i dont do anyof this because other people might do it, or because other people dont do it. i do it because it makes everything more fun. a LOT more fun.
What's a conservative fundie?A conservative christian fundamentalist. You know, those guys who take the words of the bible literally.I was accusing you as one since you seem to have said that change is not cool... the reason for the "conservative" comment.Um, not at all. I'm an atheist and how is saying not giving a fuck quoting the bible?
It's called an insult for a reason... though there is no longer a point to it because you have driven me to explain stuff. Why would a change be a bad thing? Don't we remodel are thoughts, habits and appearances based on new data, experiences and ideas?
It's not the change, it's the reason. If you just want to change to be different, then I don't think that's really a reason. Personally, as I've said before, just be yourself. Don't care.
You prefer the stasis of "be yourself" over what you want to be?
Does that mean if you're a loser, you shall and should forever remain one?

I understand you merely replied to the thread starter's post about being "different", but you should not simply and arbitrarily declare that change isn't cool.
If you are what people consider a loser, than chances are it will be almost impossible to change who you are. It's your personallity. It's the way you act. If people think you are a loser, it's just the way you act, you shouldn't be ashamed of it. Changing it is basically being ashamed of it.
Are you saying that people cannot change who they are? Are you saying they cannot change the way they act? If a bully refuses to change, does that mean he did the right thing for he has shown that it is "not something to be ashamed of?" People don't remain bubbly kids or self-righteous teenagers. They grow up, they change.The way you act and how your peers/opportunities treat those things dictate events, especially if its about work and social interaction. I cannot say that humans are unbiased creatures since people will sometimes favor one over another due to their output/appearances and how they deliver themselves. If you are someone who chooses not to change your irresponsible attitude regarding things, your habit of opposing authority and the failure to compromise, then I can safely declare that you are indeed a loser. It is not merely what people see you as but an undeniable truth as you fit the criteria of someone who fails at life, thus a loser.Don't give me relativity, subjectivity and perception riddles... I will only crush it.
Congrats. Pat yourself on the back and realize you won an argument about clothing aganist a 14-year old.
Don't try antagonizing me. Age does not justify stupid.
Lolz. Man you on your high horse! And what's with your crazy vocabulary? I mean you obviously have a firm grasp on the english lanuagae. that doesn't mean you have to make it that I go to dictionary.com everytime you post. And when you insult me and I have to ask you if that was an insult or not and what the insult means, that defeats the purpose of an insult.
Translation: Hurr dud dun try maek me luk like bad guy just 'cause u little man. U stopid is not excused and u not victim.
Don't try antagonizing me. Age does not justify stupid.stupid is at any age, just happens kids are usually more idiotic I didnt expect this thread to drag on like this so far, its amusing
Yer ma!

umm I think there's always room for change but I don't think you should use that to become someone your not comfortable with...
whatever btw what the fuck is up with your signature
Conforming to noncomform. 
It's all the rage these days.
Don't try antagonizing me. Age does not justify stupid.stupid is at any age, just happens kids are usually more idiotic I didnt expect this thread to drag on like this so far, its amusingwow i take a break, come back and people are STILL moaning about this idk whether to laugh or feel pity
does anybody know how to shut a thread down i see i made a mistake when i wrote this thread
Only mods or admins can lock/delete threads.

If you want yours taken down, I suggest talking to a mod.
fair do's, u made the thread, the fun has stopped and it's prone to spam, okies, i'll do it ^^
Why are my parents so pissed off that I quit my easy job because of philosophical despair over human nature

My dad is so pissed of that I quit one of the easiest and decent paying jobs you can get especially in this economy, because I was reading too much of Schoolteacher's pessimism about the cruelty of man, nature and existence. The stupid will to survive that "just is" and defies all reason. The selfish egoist sexual sadism of all nature and man. How can I live in a world like that? Maybe if I had been educated since childhood that thats the way the world is I could have accepted it. But in school they taught us lies about good guys and bad guys that I was the only fool stupid enough to believe.

My dad thinks I'm depressed because I have no friends or girlfriend. But this is a philosophical existential depression not a personal psychological one! I just can't move, get out of bed or live in this world under such cruel conditions!

How do I convince dad not to throw me out of the house because I wont get any job where I'm ruled by authority

I know that there is a libertarian argument that capitalism is the natural sister of democracy. That the free market is true economic liberty of personal responsibility, free will and voluntary choice. And you have an uncle named John Galt who used to have to lick toilets clean but then invented a autolicker and became a trillionaire. For the moment lets just leave that theoretical argument to the side.

What is the reality? In the USA all workers are at-will. Which means you can be fired for any reason whatsoever save race or sex. For rooting for another sports team, for complaining about an abusive employee, for doing your job too good, for listening to your manager, for asking for a raise or a pay decrease. For any reason whatsoever. So your boss has basically godlike omnipotent power over your life. Since there is limited welfare, its not impossible to starve from poverty so it literally is life and death. Without getting into a theoretical debate about capitalism, on a personal level its hard for me to just accept that some of the worst people in the world, the alpha male wolves should have such arbitrary power over my life. When you think that the lion's share of your time revolves around work, and your job pays your bills for the offhours. Since we're all such individualists, whats the solution for the individual. I guess theres the claim that anyone can be an entrepreneur. But for a young guy right out of college, what are the options really? Boss or death. I don't know if I can endure hierarchy and authority. Perhaps a public sector job would be better since then at least there is a system of checks and balances between unions and management, so its more like a constitutional monarchy. And in an indirect sense you are working for yourself since you elect the government you work for. Technically you can elect your boss out of office but its a rather tortuous process and not reality. Most you can really do is write your congressman complaining.

So I guess for me the question is both personal and philosophical. They feed off each other. I can sort of predict the responses. Its the boss' property so he can do whatever the hell he likes. And I should just toughen up and take my punches. Democracy has been such a big deal in my life politically and philosophically that I forgot to examine democracy in my personal life. I think this was a big mistake in college, because I took a pretty antagonistic view towards college life, when in reality there is more democracy there through hall councils, SA, and clubs than in the real world. Now college is over, and there is very little democracy in the real world. It seems individualism is valued over democracy. We are all lone atoms. There is value to that. But on the other hand you deal with your neighbors as atoms, not as a democratic body. Few people even know their local government. I'm very political and have no idea. And the small town Dem and Rep parties are surprisingly closed off, you would think they would WANT more members. So I started off with a sort of Jeffersonian democratic vision of the yeoman farmer breaking up the landed estates and farming his own land ruling his own nation like the Atheninan democrat or the New England Town meetings. With the values of a old New England town. But as I searched for daily life democracy I became more radical.

So I don't know what the solution is metaphysically or personally. Can this world be made livable? Can I put up with a job? To get a job is the ultimate affirmation of life. Its saying to the universe I'm satisfied with the decades that have come before, and I'm willing to work, fight and struggle to preserve whatever I already have. I'm not sure if I'm ready to take that leap of faith and affirm my past life for the future
You're being an idiot.

Take the job and grow up, leave the problems of the world for lesser people to worry about.


I vote for your dad.
Get a job.

The Blessed
I find trolls fun
i like coke. coke is good.
also. dr pepper is good. dr pepper is coke's little brother.
sprite fails.
ok
1. Tell someone you trust about your feelings. This is one of the hardest steps. Chances are, if you've been hiding out for months, or maybe even years, and covering up all of your problems, it is going to be very difficult to suddenly open up. However, confiding in somebody who is trustworthy will be well worth it; they will be able to give you advice, support, help you understand your emotions, and be an alternative outlet rather than cutting. Don't be discouraged if they seem shocked, scared, or maybe even horrified. Of course it will have a massive impact on them. Wait for the person to come to terms with the situation. However, always be sure to confide in someone who you know will help you. Telling someone who will make your situation worse is a bad idea (and seriously, these people exist).
   2. Talk to this person whenever you have the urge to cut. When you feel like cutting yourself, confide in a teacher, school counselor, parent, friend, relative, etc. If they don't know about your current struggle, tell them about it and tell them you need their help to keep yourself from cutting again.
   3. Keep a hotline number with you at all times. When you feel the urge to cut, pick up the phone and call the hotline. Crisis hotline staff are trained to provide support and offer you alternatives to cutting yourself. If you haven't gathered the courage to open up to someone close to you yet, then talking anonymously on an untracked hotline would be a good idea. Whenever you feel like cutting yourself, call the hotline number and tell them how you're feeling. Soon, you will start to learn a lot more about your emotions. The staff will be able to help you view your situation in a more positive way.
   4. Try talking to a professional crisis clinician. It is clear that it is not their job to "talk you out of" cutting yourself - you make your own choices and you must take responsibility for either cutting or not cutting. However, talking to your GP or another professional and notifying them of your situation will help. They may be able to tell you if you have the symptoms of a disease or disorder (depression, etc.) that may be contributing/causing you to cut. They may also be able to refer you to a clinic or support group.
   5. Remove cutting tools from your immediate area. If you have time to search for something to cut yourself with, you may just be able to crush the impulse. One minute can determine whether or not you self harm. Don't keep sharp objects on your table, and don't put razors in a close drawer or cupboard. Remove anything which you may use to cut yourself. Put other "cutting tools" wrapped up in boxes and high up on hard-to-reach shelves.
   6. Identify the 'trigger' that gives you the urge to cut. The moment you have the urge to cut, stop and think of what has just occurred. Remember it and try to avoid these situations. For example, if you've just had an argument with somebody close to you, and are having the urge to cut, stop and ask yourself what's making you feel this way; "I feel like cutting myself because I've just had an argument with somebody I love, and it's making me feel really bad." Determine what in particular makes this situation trigger off negative emotions-a certain feeling, or maybe an action? Then work on reducing this issue until you have it under control or completely diminished.
   7. If you need to hurt yourself, do it in a controlled and less harmful way. A good idea is to wear a rubber band around your wrist. Every time you want to cut, snap the rubber band against your wrist instead. You can also draw on your wrist with red pen, or rub an ice cube on your wrist. Although all of these cause some immediate pain, it is much milder and much less dangerous.
   8. Express your emotions. For example, when you feel like cutting, try doing one or more of the following:
          * Drawing or scribbling on paper
          * Painting, on white paper
          * Listening to music that relates to your emotions
          * Writing down your emotions in a diary/journal
          * Writing songs/poetry
          * Call a friend
   9. After a day or so, analyze what you have done. Try to determine how you felt, and what you can do to reduce or stop these emotions, or work around them.
  10. Distract yourself. Some people feel that rather than analysing their emotions, they feel better when they get rid of them or forget them completely. When you feel the urge to cut, try distracting yourself by trying out the following:
          * Drink a glass of water
          * Watch TV
          * Do some form of exercise-run, walk, ride your bike, or just dance like crazy
          * Take your dog for a walk, or spend some time with a pet
  11. As soon as you feel the urge to cut yourself, take a deep breath, fold your arms, close your eyes and relax. Tell yourself that you are not going to cut. Get away from any objects you may use to harm yourself, so that it's not as easy to break your resolution. If possible, lie down somewhere. Stay like this until the urge goes, then quickly phone a helpline or use another means of getting help.
  12. Screaming at the top of your lungs helps. Try virtually anything you can (as long as it's legal and healthy) to stop the urge to cut. Screaming into a pillow or finding a quiet place to let rip really helps.
  13. Speak out loud about what is causing you so much pain. Talk about it - even to yourself, in the privacy of your bedroom: even yelling to yourself to release the tension inside of you - but do not cut or hurt yourself at all. Talking out loud in clear, understandable words will make your situation clearer and more easy to resolve.
  14. Help yourself by imagining how you are able to be like a best friend. As if a friend was just about to cut herself, what would you say to stop your good friend? How would you distract them, how would you support them and get them to stop? Apply all of these answers to yourself.
  15. Recognize that cutting is just the symptom of a root problem. Now you are ready to seek and get help. Doctors and trained staff from all kinds of services have been taught especially to help people in your situation. No matter what your issue, age, gender, or background, never feel ashamed to seek help.
  16. Love yourself No matter what anyone else tells or or what you think they think about you, you should love yourself. When you love someone you don't hurt them, love yourself and don't hurt yourself.


Tips :

    * Snap a rubber band on your wrist, take a really hot/cold shower, run until you can no longer breathe, close your eyes and name 5 people you cant live without, take a deep breath put down the tools and take control.
    * To stop yourself from cutting consider seeking help from a doctor, parent, friend, or counselor to address the deeper problems that make you want to cut in the first place.
    * Do not be ashamed to ask for support when you need it, as this affliction affects people from all walks of life.
    * Remember you are not your enemy. You love yourself - therefore, inflicting pain on you is wrong.
    * Snapping a rubber band on your wrist is a way to reduce infection but is still a form of self-harm so use with caution - although it can be a good tool to use in transition to entirely stopping.
    * Don't let people judge you either - it makes things much harder. Believe in yourself.
    * If you ever need help always find someone you trust having them right next to you is always helpful even if it is just for a hug.
    * Create a shoe box - Grab an old shoe box and decorate with items that mean something to you (family photos, hobbies, friends, etc.) and then put the items you use to cut in the box. Before you put the lid on the box make a list of 50-100 things to try before you resort to cutting (such as: walking, jogging, plant a flower, pet a cat, watch 20 minutes of tv, read 5 pages in a book, organize a drawer, make a thinking of you card for a friend, call a friend, call an aunt/uncle, etc) This way if you get past everyone that means something to you, you can try everything on the list before grabbing the tools. Put this list on top of the tools and put the lid on the box.
    * The butterfly project. When you have the urge to cut draw a butterfly where you want to cut. Now you don't want the butterfly to die so it has to wear off into the wild to be free. In this time you have to hold the urge to cut and if you do cut wash the butterfly away because it didn't make it to be free in the wild.
    * Play video games. If you have a Wii, the boxing and shooting range can help you get over the urge to cut. If you don't play some other game that can let you let out your aggression.
    * Write the name of a you loved one where you usually cut. Let it remind you of who cares for you and who are hurting when you cut.
well, different things work for different people
It's nice that you took the time and effort to do this, but I don't think it will help.
1. It's really long and most people won't bother reading it all.
2. Cutters need to want to stop. It's easy, they just have to want to do it. Most don't wnat to because they believe it's helping them.
3. Most cutters don't really care, they'll continue to do it becuase they believe they are depressed.
4. A lot do it for the attention. So they won't stop till they get it.
5. You can tell someone not to and why, but most of the time it never works.

 But it's cool that you did this.
emo kid gets a cookie for awesome posting skills. 
I didn't bother to read it all, I just scrolled to the "quick reply" box and replied.
yeah i didn't even read a sentence.

but you know what usually works to be able to stop cutting?

simple. don't give them any restrictions. let them cut all they want. in the end, when someone or something manages to make them smile again, let them look back and realize what a pathetic weakling they were.

then its pretty much up to you if you wanna rub it in their faces just for the hell of it. LMAO!
don't get me wrong though. i'm not encouraging anyone to be an opportunistic jerk off.
Humiliation can be a form of Discipline too, you know!
you just gotta know how to tweak it up just right.
Yea, usually a person who cuts and keeps cutting will somtimes lose friends. but that dosnt always work. The best thing you can do is just let them relize on thier own how stupid they are.

I only read like the first five words lol
well if one's "friends" takes off and just ditches him/her, personally, i don't consider those jerks "friends". basically, they're w/ you during awesome times but during your downfalls they're nowhere to be found? that's bullshit! those are certainly not "friends".
Well i wouldnt consider them friends either but some people do.
I admit i have done it....and the person figured it out and stopped
done what? the cutting or the ditching?...or both?
yeah. people have to find their own way to stop. one thing though, they say if you cant stop for yourself, stop for your friends or for your family. ignore that. its truly bullshit. i mean. unless your doing it because you think its cool, its bullshit. stop for yourself, thats all i can say.
I read op's post just because I'm non-conformist.
tl;dr
Meh' you just have to let them go as far as they possibly can.....THEY have to realize when enough is enough.....I think we all have to be face down all the floor crying and shaking before we say "this ends today"

"it has to end,or it'll be the end of me"

at least that was what I had to say to myself when I was ready to give up something that was tearing me apart.
I first cut when I was bored..... Me+ small room+ sharp shiny objects= BAD
wow,,,i think this sort of helps but i'm not too sure whether it'll actually help me when i'm depressed
but still thanks for the advice^
Well I for one actually took the time to read all of this. A lot of these things seem like they would work, but I don't know if I'd feel the same way if I had the urge to cut myself. I really will try some of these options the next time I feel like cutting.
I don't know if this would actually work for anyone else, but when I feel like cutting, I bite pen caps a lot until the urge passes.
i do alot of those things, but it usually doesnt take away the urge, i havent cut in a few days, but the last time i cut i went beserk on my wrist and hips ..it really is hard to stop and i'm trying my best.
i do alot of those things, but it usually doesnt take away the urge, i havent cut in a few days, but the last time i cut i went beserk on my wrist and hips ..it really is hard to stop and i'm trying my best.Ditto. I'm basically completely mutilated. My arms are nasty. Very icky looking and I'm ashamed of them, as well as some other things.
-hugs-
I have scars all over my arms so I were long gloves that go up my arms.
-hugs you too- i wear fingerless gloves that go a little ways up, and leg warmers on my arms.
*hugs back* I were fingerless gloves that go up to my elbows there pretty cool.
-hugs you both- I am constantly wearing arm warmers or sweaters to cover up my arms, and then always long pants (skinny jeans most of the time) to cover my legs.
That really sucks. I lost my gloves in school once and the rest of the day was miserable cause people wouldn't stop asking me questions. I just told then to fuck off.
i just got home from school, (and i wasnt wearing my gloves or arm warmers just a jacket)  and i got hot and took it off...and everyone saw my arm scars...=l i got nothing but pity and ridicule for the rest of school..
That really sucks people are !ass holes!
-hugs- That's happened to me too, but it resulted in me being pushed down the stairs for the 13th time time this school year.
I wouldnt push you down the stairs. I'd beat up the people who do that to you.
Awww...Thank you! It'd be nice for someone to stand up for me. I'm too much of a wussy to do it myself...
same here..idont like fighting, sometimes i wish i was an animal so i wouldnt have to suffer this day by bay..
My brother tought me to fight so if any one was screwing with me I could beat the shit out of them. But I'd fight for guys I'd beat the fucking shit out of the bitches who are screwing with you.
aw thanks =)
your welcome
-pokes iron-
Okay
actually dont _
I already did and thats gross ewwwwww!!!!!!!
i said dont _ lawl
I alreadt did before you said dont!!! (never again, never again, never agian)
sorry =3 i hope you wont be scarred/
Its ok I was a making a big deal. But why would you ask someone to look at that?
lolz its a joke, kinda like the scary maze game, just worse
Oh ok then but it was a lot worse than a scary maze
lolz. ik

It's too addictive . Starting to self harm is the worst thing to ever start doing.
It's too addictive . Starting to self harm is the worst thing to ever start doing.Agreed. Wish I could go back in time and tell myself that, but younger me probably wouldn't listen, so...
I wish I just never thought that it would be a good idea cause I hate every fucking scar I have.
i do too...and i have many...i've cut since i was 11, i've also smoked since i was 11, my voice sounds like hell and i have dark, purple scars all over my arms and legs and stomach.
My dad said he'd beat me if I started smoking and he wasnt joking. I have had a smoke a couple times but I dont have them a lot.
I have too many scars. Most of them are on my arm and legs, but I also have them on my neck, stomach, waist, shoulders...pretty much everywhere. I'm a mutilated mess, like I said before.
I have them all over my arms and stomach cause my mom makes me were shorts way to much so I cut the best places were I can hide my scars.
I hate having to hide scars and lie to people...and some of my scars are really hard to hide.
The ones on my arms are the worst cause I have cut over my scars and it looks even grosser than regular ones.
i have so many scars thats kinda why i wear those long gloves. in the winter its easy to hide the scars but in the summer it gets harder and harder. its just sooooo hard to stop. i always regreted the the day when i let my problems get to me so bad cause thats how these  scars got started
The ones on my arms are the worst cause I have cut over my scars and it looks even grosser than regular ones.I've done that before. I have a row of 27 scars going down the right side of my left arm that I am constantly re-cutting. And I have one on my neck I do that to, and I carved 'worthless' onto my leg and I re-cut that one sometimes. They're icky looking.
i used to cut my legs
but recently I've been cutting my as
amd it's the first time I used a razor blade.

so far I got 36 small scars altogether. (25 on my left arm)
not that big like...probarbly about 5cm each
not that deep either.
kinda pussy cuts I think
but I gotta say, I haven't stopped so far.
-__-

magor magor -__-

my hair smells like mango and lime. 

-__-
The ones on my arms are the worst cause I have cut over my scars and it looks even grosser than regular ones.I've done that before. I have a row of 27 scars going down the right side of my left arm that I am constantly re-cutting. And I have one on my neck I do that to, and I carved 'worthless' onto my leg and I re-cut that one sometimes. They're icky looking. I carved the same words on my leg about three or four times.
I actually have a few words carved on my leg, and even some on my arms. Those ones are the hardest to hide.
I have like a fraze carved on my stomach
this isn't a contest people.
asking for attention is not needed here
we can give you all the attention you need
amd so much more.
okay clark, relax _
Sorry if I sound like I want attention I didnt mean to
its okay iron, we know that you arent :3
Oh ok
why do you guys always think I'm pissed off...?
for once I was just trying to show I cared 
I won't do it again. sorry.
Oh sorry please dont stop carring about us
nuu clark we wuvs you
forget about all this bullshit I give up.
this has just proved I can't even show that I care without people thinking I'm pissed off.
well clark you're pissed off a lot _ and the way you said that...i'm sorry =s
I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorrry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorryI'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
this isn't a contest people.asking for attention is not needed herewe can give you all the attention you needamd so much more.I'm not asking for attention. That was never my intention, I was just having a conversation. I'm sorry if it sounded like that's what I wanted.
this isn't a contest people.asking for attention is not needed herewe can give you all the attention you needamd so much more.I'm not asking for attention. That was never my intention, I was just having a conversation. I'm sorry if it sounded like that's what I wanted. anyone notice that attention and intention rhyme? anyways it didnt sound like thats what u wanted:D
lolz.
Funny, I just started.
You just started what? Hurting yourself?
Funny, I just started.!!!!!!!!!!STOP WHILE YOU CAN!!!!!!!!!! really dude its such a bad habbit to get into stop before your arms get ruined and you become addicted!
Funny, I just started.!!!!!!!!!!STOP WHILE YOU CAN!!!!!!!!!! really dude its such a bad habbit to get into stop before your arms get ruined and you become addicted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AGREED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it is a horrible addiction and I hate having to hide my scars and lie to my family.
Rambo,i will kick your testacles through your asshole and punch the homosexualiy out of you if you start cutting ._.
Dude its like one of the worst things to do and if some see's your arms of what ever they will never stop asking questions and telling other people. !!!!!!!!!JUST DONT DO IT!!!!!!!!!! (plus I'd do what emoangel says)
my example pwns all.
Hehehe
Actually I kind of enjoy it. Yea, weird, but
its up there with the pump you get from working out
and coming. It feels good. Great stress release you know.
Why do you guys say its bad?
-high five-
It feels good but after a while your arms are gonna look so gross and youll wish you never started.
I've always liked scars. I think
they look amazing.
fine what wever but you'll be sorry
rambo, for some reason, i picture you talking like a stereotypically sounding Texas dude.
I know a lot of people do. But, I was born
in Hungary, Europe, lived there for the first
3 years of my life then moved to Texas. I have some
kind of accent I think but it's very faint and I can't really
classify it. But, I'm a good mimicker.
epic. I'm acadian, born and raised in good old New Orleans, i have somewhat of a french accent.
Ooh, very exotic.
meh i guess, lol, it is kinda faint  from me smoking 0.\\
Eww, don't smoke! It's very bad for you!
My dad and brother smoke I've tried it but didnt like it.
I promise myself I'll never start. No smoking, drinking,
or drugs for me. Not even muscle-building supplements. That
includes anything from protein to steroids.
Are you kidding me I love drinking it all taste so good.
But it's fucking bad for you!!!
Honey, there are MANY things bad for you, tanning booths can give you cancer, toilet seats can give you herpes, it's the 21st century brah, lol.
Well yea, but you don't do any
of those stuff intentionally. No one 
is ever forced to start drinking. They 
always have a choice.
so true _
Yupz. So stop smoking and drinking!
i dont drink anymore _ i smoke pot XD
If you don't stop, you're really
gonna regret it when you get older.
well, i take breaks from it so i dont get addicted.
Why do you do it? Direct the cause
into something else.
_ but pot makes me feel moar happeh.
Well, do something else. Find a hobby.
Experiment with different things, and eventually
you'll find something beneficial that makes you happy.
well, what makes me happy is trolling on teh interwebz O_o i dont do it much anymore, and especially not on here.
Why not?
honestly, i'm not sure, i like being nice on here =o
hey rambo, add me to your buddy's list, i'm gonna turn in soon.

Buddy listed
awesome, i might stay on a bit longer, i'm not too tired.
Ok I have to go. I hate being the one
who ends conversations.
I've always liked scars. I thinkthey look amazing.A little late for me to come into the conversation again, but I used to like my scars, too. But eventually, you run out of space and start re-cutting scars or cutting over scars and they look disgusting.
Honey, there are MANY things bad for you, tanning booths can give you cancer, toilet seats can give you herpes, it's the 21st century brah, lol.o.O  I can get herpes from the toilet seat?
yup, why else do they have the covers?
o.O  I knew there was a reason why I always refused to use public restrooms...
XD
Well might has well add that porta potties are so gross!!!!!!
yeah you can get hepatitus B from them.
Porta-Potties are even worse! And they smell horrible. I only pee in MY bathroom so I know who's ass has been on it.
..or do you...
o.O  If we keep this conversation up, I am going to be terrified to pee.
XD
Nothing's funnier than watching an 'emo' girl do the pee-pee dance outside of a gas station chanting "if I use that toilet, I'll get herpes." XD
XD
Now I can't help but imagine myself doing that and I'm laughing so hard, I'm crying. XD
Cool story, bro, XD
Is there a fancy word for a "phobia of peeing in toilets"?
fearofgettinghepatitusandherpesfrompissinginatoiletphobia.
XD  That's been added to my list of fears.
XD
Oh, the conversations we have on emopuddle....much better than any other kind of conversation.
Ya there a lot funnier
damn straight XD
They are  XD



-Hugs for everyone-
-hugs back-
yay, hugs for everyone
So what shall we discuss now?
My awesomeness?

 J/K
how about we discuss the importance of tinsel to the lame community.
U start.
well tinsels are important to the community of lame bc thats what they are, lame,  they float with static electricity.
I like SlipKnoT!!!
YES!! Slipknot kicks ass!
yeah.
hhhhmmmmmmmm
I just bought a slipknot sweat shirt today.
kool:)
ya it had a pentagram on it.
awesome
I can't find anything with slipknot on it...
Ooh thats sucks.
i have a backpack with slipknot on it got it at hot topic...
[quote='XxIronAngelxX' pid='21345' dateline='1267240743']ya it had a pentagram on it.actually its a Pentacle _
ok than a pentacle
lol.
just like to note hear, slipknots sign is neither a pentagram or a pentacle. its got way more than five points. also, i find it idiotic that the pentagram/pentangle/pentacle was adopted by the metal genre and stuff because said starry sign is one of the main symbols of wicca or paganism, the upside down one merely symbolising the horned god-of which i cant remember his name, who symbolises men, he is the sun, the other one is the woman, the moon etc. both are completely harmless symbols, and have been adopted by metal fans, thinking its something to do with satanism and is like hardcore, whereas its only like that because when the christians came over to england, england was fully occupied by the pagans etc. they turned everyone against them, making them believe that they were evil and cruel. their sign was turned to the sign of satan and stuff, they stole various holidays, forcing people to celebrate one or the other-probably being killed if they celebrated pagan festivals, various negative words were introduced, for example wicked, derived from wicca'ed or something like that. sorry for the rant, i just freak when i see people walking around with the wiccan symbol plastered on their shirt or a hat and completely unaware of what they bare. it would be like walking around with the star of david or a cross or the islamic star and moon all over your clothing. you wouldnt do that now would you?
THANK YOU! someone who understands that, i'm a Wiccan, and i dont know the SlipKnoT thing, he said Pentagram, so i just assumed that it was a Pentacle.
yeah . and wasnt the only difference from pentagram and pentacle or pentangle just that one had a circle around it? i cant remember the exact properties of it, its been a long time since i read hedge witch lol.
IT'S A NONAGRAM DAMN IT!!!
NINE SIDED STAR U KNOW!!!
yeah . and wasnt the only difference from pentagram and pentacle or pentangle just that one had a circle around it? i cant remember the exact properties of it, its been a long time since i read hedge witch lol.well the Pentacle has a circle, the pentagram does not, people get it confused alot.
thought so. and yeah, thats the other point i was trying to make rambolicious. there are nine points of their star, one for every member of the band. psh.
yup.
badadadam tshhh. that was me humourously killing everyone with a drumkit.
lawl.
you betcha


ive been off and on cutter since i was 17. im now 26. the best thing i found was writing. i keep a journal and every day i vent. write 4 or 5 pages if i have to. i feel better after. or listen to music.
i know that problem i have the same i started cutting once because many problems.. nd i cant stop anymore i tryed but i started again. firt i used my arms but now i use my shoulders cause thats a better place to hide -.-' x3 dn sometimes i think at this : Think of the ONE person that keeps you going, that ONE special person that has always helped you through the toughest of times,  and think about how you are hurting them by hurting yourself.
Thankfully, I have already stopped. It took a personal realization though, so I don't think this post is really going to help anyone.
this is to long of a post for someone would read...i mean it could be helpful but would someone really read all that or rsther just go cut themselves??
oooooooo
i dont think it will work for me i still got my blade
My brother tought me to fight so if any one was screwing with me I could beat the shit out of them. But I'd fight for guys I'd beat the fucking shit out of the bitches who are screwing with you. i tought myself how to fight one day i kid i hate kept on touching me so i punched him in the face and the lens on his glasses came out
i once cut my leg saying I love you and was about to commit suicide
i cut when im upset with myself or my parents. or when im lonely. sometimes its because my wrist just too intact!
HAHAHAHAHAHA!!! THatS InsANE I Like U!!!!!
So uhm..... Is there actaully someone who posted stuff here when scribe closes there thread about cutting?
hmm.... It'd be  rude if I didnt post any cutting stuff here on the cutting thread. So yes, Ive gone over cutting. Why you ask? Cause my dad said if I ever cut again, he'd call for professional help (which I think really fucks)
LuLu read all of it. Twice. 
Hugs&&love; to the person who took time off to write this. Hugs&&love; to the person who put it in the important threads section. Thank you.
Me+ small room + Depression+ sharp shiny objects = really BAD
the eqaution applies to me too =/
i cut when im in agony, drowning in misery. and i wanna stop, but when im in that state its hard not to cut. when i move out ill be away from the causes of my pain and hopefully will be able to stop.
Sorry I don't really know whats wrong with cutting so long as
1) its not too deep
2) no infected instruments were used
3) it is controlled

Meh' you just have to let them go as far as they possibly can.....THEY have to realize when enough is enough.....I think we all have to be face down all the floor crying and shaking before we say "this ends today""it has to end,or it'll be the end of me"at least that was what I had to say to myself when I was ready to give up something that was tearing me apart.It took me until I was in a shelter for three days without anything to cut with for me being completely out of my mind without it, for me realizing how addicted I was.I still haven't 100% quit, but I also don't cut 1-5 times a day, everyday anymore. I don't even cut every 2 months.
wow. this is really amazing. I am getting help for my cutting disorder so I was reading this with a very open mind. Thx. I think you can help a lot of people. It feels really weird talking this optimistic... I know that it's really hard to go through this kind of thing. Its really hard to stop. Next time I feel that bad I will think about the stuff you said because I think if I were in my right mind when I have those impulses, I would say the same to myself.
Kinda helps didn't read it all though maybe make it shorter my arms kill man
Its good that you care enough to help some people 
But some people cut because they have problems at school and stuff and its the only way to let it out
And some are in denial about their cutting D:
Talking to a priest about your problems they have alot of wise advice...
To stop cutting u hace to find something u luv something worth living for ur reason and purpose ur little peace of bliss I hace mine now find yours
your cool to write all this  nice job  
but I don't want to stop I'm not ready yet
wow. this is really amazing. I am getting help for my cutting disorder so I was reading this with a very open mind. Thx. I think you can help a lot of people. It feels really weird talking this optimistic... I know that it's really hard to go through this kind of thing. Its really hard to stop. Next time I feel that bad I will think about the stuff you said because I think if I were in my right mind when I have those impulses, I would say the same to myself. I think in the past 8 months, I've gotten so much better at controlling addiction and fighting impulses. I was also able to find some sort of reason within all of it. And I finally realized that I didn't want to do it anymore. I started feeling less and less drawn to it as I let my brain drift to other things. I still go through these panic attacks sometimes and it makes me think crazy things. But I think the overall cure is finding some sort of happiness. And it may start like a scrap at first. But eventually, you find more and more reasons not to do it and you build up willpower. You see more and more of the beautiful things in life and embrace your feelings. Another thing, you'll never be able to stop if you're telling yourself that you're crazy.It may not be a lot but it's enough to be that one last thing you think before you let yourself slip. It's an excuse. You have to love yourself and realize that so many people do really love you. You have to find a reason. And that reason has to have something to do with yourself. My reasoning was so demented. At one point in time, I didn't even care that I was destroying myself emotionally and physically. And my only reason not to do it was that I didn't want people to know. But at the same time, I did. I was calling out for help. Then it became something I could do and not even say anything about. I was addicted. You have to be part of your own reason. You wont be able to stop until you finally really want to do it for yourself. And in many cases like with me, you have to hit the wall to realize where you are. And it hits you hard.
					
					

When I started doing this, I didn't want to stop. ho ho NO WAY!! I didn't put any effort into even trying until i was disgusted with myself. Another thing, people influence others to cut by saying it's emo. Also, by making it out there.. it's confused as an outlet for pain. And some start out of curiosity..and even for a while it's nothing but that..and then they just want to be able to say that they did it.. you know?.. but then it becomes something that makes you feel better..or at least releases some of the things that are making you anxious. And it becomes a part of your life. I cannot stress the importance of stopping it enough. Nobody will ever be completely cured from it. Trust me, I know it hurts. I feel like it's such a burden..and always having to hide. Sometimes I just cover my eyes in black and scream "fuck you" to the world. Anything's healthier than harming yourself and others.
I use a rubber band  and  snap it but i  can't stop thinking about it  i haven't cut in four days .
bro no one wants to read all that make it simple I.E. :1)get help and keep people with you at all times.
2)throw the harming tools away (you wont regret this!!!)
3)if you feel the urge jist look at the tool in a bathroom and try to remember all the pain that it has caused you and the urge will go away i promise.
4)use rubber bands/bracelets to cover the cuts up or if you dont care what people think show them off strut that stuff!!!!!
these tips helped me and when i get the urge i do number 3 its the best way because you wont have to inflict the pain you jist remember it.
I think this whole conversation is stupid
And why is that?
Because 1 this whole topic is against the forum rules 2 there's a simple way to overcome any personal issue its loving yourself
Fair enough 

But it isn't always that simple. Sometimes it helps to have other people help. Or it takes other people to help you realize that it's that simple.
I worded that oddly, did it make sense?
I've spent a year on this site trying to do just that help individuals, eventually the individual needs to help themselves
I agree with you completely, in the end it is the person who has control over what happens. But it doesn't hurt to have other people support them. And I'm sure people appreciate the fact that you try to help.
Sometimes it does hurt if a person becomes too reliant on others its harder for them to stand on their own believe me its true
Well I agree with that too.
My point is that people need other people. But good friends know when it's time to help, and when it's time to let them work it out on their own. And when you're a friend to someone, you help them not make decisions for them. And sometimes friends just listen to rants.

But friends know when someone becomes too reliant that they have to build that person up and send them out there on their own. Even if the person thinks they can't. It'll be better in the end.
When a human is faced with a major situation in life there friends aren't gonna be there to help them, its up to that person to overcome and adapt to what life sends them
Yes, but support always helps with that.
*sigh* before I went to bootcamp I relied on my friends, they told me they'd send letters, they told me they'd write.  I believed them I sent them letters, I sent many letters do you know how many I got back? 1 from the the girl I thought I loved you know what it said? I'll never love you, your over dramatic and I want you to stay away. That's the only fuckin letter I got I realized in the Army how alone I truly was, I became angry and distraught, I changed. I relied on my so called friends and I went through hell by myself
So you don't deny that support helps.
Bad friends don't help at all. But you can't say that having no support is better than having support. You had no support, and you went through Hell. But that's my point, we can't change who supports us and who doesn't. But having support does help.
I do deny it, because the sooner people realize that the only ones they can rely on is themselves the better off theyll be
But that's not true. At least not in my case.
And if people are so much better on their own why try to help? Seems a bit counterproductive.
Because I'm too damn nice for my own good even though I hate it when people need help, I can't just say forget them, it's not right. But all the same I can choose how I help them so to make it seem like they figured it out on their own, thus building confidence in themselves
Thus proving your own self wrong. It's still supporting them. No matter how you look at it. You are supporting them, meaning that there are good people in this world that can help you through things. Meaning, support still helps.
.-. Uhh fuck you xD
:3
I cut for 3 years. And I currently havnt cut for about a year. I actually read the how to stop cuttin yourself thing. And using a rubber band helped me alot. Still does every now and then
I stopped cause I was tired of my mom bitching at me for it
the funny thing is, i started hurting myself with a rubber band.  i stopped working so i turned to the razor. i actually haven't cut in about a month. yeah, i wanted to, but i just didn't. i'm not healed because its not a disease, but maybe it just died away...
to be honest,
I'm at the point where I'm just wondering what happens when you have tried all of the above the fix your habits and nothing has fixed anything.

great.
Those dont work i tried them all i even draw on my self it dont help. Its hard for ppl tht cut i stopped for month and tarted again my stomach looks awful.
I used to cut myself. 12 scars on my left arm and 29 on my back.  Now im in therapy cuz my friends found out and told a counseler. Now i have to go get medication and EXTRA help. I also cover myself in drawings and tatoos.(Not real tatoos though.)
					
					

it doesnt matter what anybody says you cant change people and cutters arnt gonna quit unless they want to change it takes convincing yourself to stop you hav to think long term wat will happen when u keep cutting
I started the Butterfly Project..It really started giving me the motivation and feeling that there were other people out there like me that could relate and it just made me feel a lot better.
Using rubber bands on your wrist really helps a lot.
I'm trying to recover from cutting. It makes cutting a lot less tempting.
I dont wanna stop cutting though
i dint stop cutting and no matter how much it makes me feel better i regret it because my parents found out and my stepmom pointed it out in front of my family plus my stepaunt and my stepsisters
im sorry ^^
I read the entire thing.I dozed off a little in the middle, but I read it. I hope these tips work.
U have to want to stop. U have to brake the loop urself. And when ur ready, go home, and brake ur blade. In half's, forths, whatever.  And when ur all done, I will be right here by ur side.
What if you trust no one?
stay away from sharp objects
There's always telling someone you trust what's going on, or write it down on a piece of paper then burn that motherfucker lol Or just do what you love to do to make you forget, watch some funny videos on YouTube or go for a walk
I will consider a few if these things to help me stop you have some really good tips
I read this awhile back and did the writing a loved one on the wrist and it seems to be working...sure i relapse every week or two but its better than hours each night ....thank you to whoever wrote this:)
very helpful. i read it all, twice. thank you so much for the post
Hm
Anything to help cx I used to cut, too. But I would do the things I loved doing the most and I never found a reason to cut after that.
This was really thought out. Bravo.
Cutting, is dumb, it will limit your later life, trust me, the scars can lead to all the nasty questions you've never though of. 

The thing is, even if you're being bullied, abused, raped etc on a daily basis, so long as the emotions don't kill you, and the physical damage isn't too bad, it, and this is so crass, it really will improve. It gets better, you get stronger, you start fighting back.

School right up until I left 4 years ago, was hell,I was trans, gay, closeted, and I had a posh accent, and I was a prick.

Sure,cutting can keep you alive, it can be the only thing that makes you feel better, but eventually, you need so much of the dopamine your wounds cause to feel better, you'll bleed out. 

Seriously, take up drugs, theyre less harmful.
Take up drugs, because they're less harmful? Are you a troll or have you not seen what drugs do? They'll kill you a hell of a lot faster and get you into way more shady, life threatening situations. If you're unfortunate enough to live through those situations, you'll start cutting all over again or just OD to off yourself.
Guys. I know it's pretty hard out there. when I was in high school things were looking pretty bad for me. I was being bullied, my family was torn apart, and a manner of other things that to this day still don't want to talk about. I used to cut and other forms of self harm. I tried to end my life on more than one occasion. I never really sought after the help I so needed back then. It just took one person to reach out to me, to truly reach out. Someone I didn't even know.
 I just want to tell you I am 23 now. I have a 1 year old son and he is my entire life. If I ended my life back then he wouldn't exist. Think about that for a minite, please. I have a happy beautiful son. I love him more than I could ever love anything. And he almost didn't exist because I didn't believe it could get better. And it does! Yeah sometimes shit can suck. Sometimes it can suck really bad and you feel like nothing will change. Hell, I still get really anxious sometimes and fuck yeah I still get depressed sometimes, some hurts never truly go away. But that doesn't mean your life won't get better. If I could go back now, I would stop being a fucking idiot, finish high school, and avoid any if all mistakes I could. But I can't do that, and quite frankly I wouldn't want to. Some of the things that happened to me made me who I am today. Meeting that shitty fucking dude, awesome! Now I have a baby that I love and a partner who loves us both more than that dickhead ever could have. 
Look I know this is starting to get long but my advice to you is this;
Finish school  you might hate it now but I haven't met a person who didn't graduate and doesn't regret it now.
Use art and music to help you work through your problems.and branch out a bit! Some of the music I listened to a few years back was fucking terrible! No wonder I was so depressed! And don't forget, 
The earth without art is just 'eh'
If you're lesbian, gay, bi, straight, trans or whatever, don't let what others think about you define who you are as a human being. 
We are all looking for the "one", but don't forget, they are looking for you too  just relax and enjoy your youth. I knew my "one" for 11 years til we both finally realized 
Don't be an asshole. Be kind to yourself. Be kind to your family. Be kind to nature. You are the universe.
And finally, learn! Learn as much as you can! The world is a fascinating place. You can be whatever you want. Explore the oceans, write a novel, invent something 
If you feel like you ever need to talk to someone, do it. Even if it just to tell them you had a good day 
I hope this has been helpful, and please comment on this if it has
The addiction is due to the endorphins released from feeling the physical pain.
I've been doing it on and off since I was 11, I've tried to stop many times but what works for me is to keep busy and distracted, and the exercising thing, painful as it is to say haha, really is a good one
viriconium- about your kid, my nephew is actually helping me a lot. He reminds me of the magic that world used to have, and that there are reasons to keep breathing.
My nephew, I look at him like the son I'll never have and that motivates me to 'better' myself because I never want him to see the pain this world can cause
I have no one to talk to about my problems,what should I do?I've already tried seeing a therapist.
Me and Dell just came up with a great idea to have a section where you can make your confessions and talk/share with others.

for example: 
confession.i hate it when my mom looks at me like i'm a total freak.

and then you talk about it and so on

sound good?
(add a poll to this thread please)
my confession is i once ate cat poop.









And liked it.
this thread is asking if we should add a hole board about it, like the emo talk, emo music and general discussion forum,. not to post your own, i thought?
*whole board.

and yeah why not should be a giggle
That's a really great idea!
Please do!
*whole board.and yeah why not should be a giggleThanks for checking my spelling... pppppffffttttttt
What can I say.

I should be made an admin.
Kanemosaurus is our saviour.
How about i make you into a floor mat?


*kicks you on floor*

MWHAHAA???

::lol
^ Gaspies!

That's nasty! 

Poor Kanemosaurus!
lol im jk...
I'm gay.
wtf? Why is this HERE? 
This should be in Board FAQ and Suggestions, NOT Serious Discussions.

And No. I don't think it's a good idea.
If  you want something like that, add a thread in the Games forum.
wtf? Why is this HERE? This should be in Board FAQ and Suggestions, NOT Serious Discussions.And No. I don't think it's a good idea.If  you want something like that, add a thread in the Games forum.You mean that game you and your dad used to play when you would play make baby in the back of his pick-up truck?
Me and Dell just came up with a great idea to have a section where you can make your confessions and talk/share with others.for example: confession.i hate it when my mom looks at me like i'm a total freak.and then you talk about it and so onsound good?Confession. Nobody else knows this, but I've tried to commit suicide 7 times.
confession. ive jumped off my roof trying to commit suicide but only broke my leg.
Oh my...I tried slitting my wrists and hanging myself
i already slit my wrists
howd you fail at hanging yourself ?
i kissed 5 girls and 1 boy at my party it was pretty kewl u no just startin off my age of 13 insteed of getting 14 spankings getting 14 kisses and i really liked it
SUICIDAL' pid='3355' dateline='1235006999']i already slit my wristshowd you fail at hanging yourself ?I was close...but then my mom was outside my door. She would have done awful things if she had seen me, so I haven't done it again not suicidal anymore.
SUICIDAL' pid='3355' dateline='1235006999']i already slit my wristshowd you fail at hanging yourself ?I was close...but then my mom was outside my door. She would have done awful things if she had seen me, so I haven't done it again not suicidal anymore.i was going to do that to but i thought would anyone care it took a min and i realized no so i did it and i was choking but the rope broke idk how??
this 2nd page is depressing, dont think such things should be confessions
i put my hand in a blender to die but i didint and i bleeded for a week and my mom calls me devil child because it held so fast
this 2nd page is depressing, dont think such things should be confessionswell.....im african american and i hate it because people dont believe wat i am because of my color
ok, this isnt the type of confessions anyone should be making this isnt ok and its not cool at all seems the lot of you are competing over who almsot killed themselves the most gruesome way, tawts this isnt ok.
ok, this isnt the type of confessions anyone should be making this isnt ok and its not cool at all seems the lot of you are competing over who almsot killed themselves the most gruesome way, tawts this isnt ok.im not competing for nothing thats for school
I want to slap everyone in this thread that said they wanted/tried to kill themself.
I want to slap everyone in this thread that said they wanted/tried to kill themself.same here.
I want to slap everyone in this thread that said they wanted/tried to kill themself.same here.I want to finish the job for them -____-
Please, go ahead.
im ok with you slaping most of you guys have tried too and if you did it wouldn't hurt i barly feel pain
im ok with you slaping most of you guys have tried too and if you did it wouldn't hurt i barly feel painisn't that a disorder? where you can not feel pain..
im ok with you slaping most of you guys have tried too and if you did it wouldn't hurt i barly feel paindramatic, much?
with pain it's difficult...some feel pain, other's do not. I am one of those people that don't feel pain...I sliced my finger open with a large blade in art class, and I didn't notice until I got blood stains on my clothes.
Yeah, it is a disorder in which your nerve cells don't work the right way, or if you barely notice it, it is a less sensitive nerve cell.

Some people have it mind-over-matter.. like when i cracked my head open, i didnt really feel it until i felt it and my hand was covered in blood, along with my head and whatever i touched.
im ok with you slaping most of you guys have tried too and if you did it wouldn't hurt i barly feel paindramatic, much?thank you
im ok with you slaping most of you guys have tried too and if you did it wouldn't hurt i barly feel paindramatic, much?thank youthats not a complement
im ok with you slaping most of you guys have tried too and if you did it wouldn't hurt i barly feel paindramatic, much?thank you
I love Jesus' and miss-mads responses
i have a confession...






































































































































the cake is a lie
i have a confession...the cake is a liexD
im ok with you slaping most of you guys have tried too and if you did it wouldn't hurt i barly feel paindramatic, much?thank youthats not a complemento well i don't care
*poke* did we drift off topic?
how does a cake lie???
how does a cake lie???
im confused

HOW DOES A CAKE LIE!?????? that dont make no sense
how doesn't it?
well i guess it does..

it makes it seem like its so sweet and wonderful but if you eat to much you get fatr and that isnt very nice
oh i love the insight on something that was purely stupidity
stupidity e-gasp
oh no i always way over anylize simple things people say..that may be why i cannot laugh at jokes im to busy working a map of logic in my mind about the joke
I tried to stab my heart, missed and hit my shoulder  cuz my arm was shaking.
Wtf dude!? I've never heard of someone stabbing themselves other things sure ...
I cut my wrist before and it bled badly. Then i got really achy and weak and dizzy. Then i was taken to a bloody hospital. Then i came home and tried again. Then i got slapped. Then i got madder. Then i got slapped again. Then i went to Burger King. Then i rolled around in the dirt.

How'd you stab your shoulder? You were hesitant?
Uhh cloud you okay?? Cause... WHY'd YOU GO TO BURGER KING?!!! Ahh I'm a hater you coulda went to uhh subway?? Lolz
I cut my wrist before and it bled badly. Then i got really achy and weak and dizzy. Then i was taken to a bloody hospital. Then i came home and tried again. Then i got slapped. Then i got madder. Then i got slapped again. Then i went to Burger King. Then i rolled around in the dirt.How'd you stab your shoulder? You were hesitant?exactly my arm was shaking like a bitch
Uhh cloud you okay?? Cause... WHY'd YOU GO TO BURGER KING?!!! Ahh I'm a hater you coulda went to uhh subway?? Lolztbh, i like subway better than burger king. Yeah, i shoulda went there. @ Satan,I understand why. Who wouldn't shake while trying to stab themselves? :/ but i think suicide is a selfish act. I tried it once and right off i knew what i was doing wrong. I was hurting not only myself, but my family would've been in ruins if i'd succeeded. I wouldn't be doing so good, either.
Hmm these posts are weird... Half are on topic and the other half is about FOOD!!!
Rally's fries FTW!!
Haha no wait what le fuck are fries and what's rallys??!!
FRENCH FRIES?!?!?!?!??!!??!?!?!?!? RALLYS IS FTWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THE FRIES ARE SOPOOOOO GOOOOODODODDD
You mean chips?? Haha oh I'm so not used to the word fries haha whoops?? Lolz
I love that word...

FRIES!!!

saying chips would feel so unatural.
Oh yeah!


my confession is that i kissed a girl..


once...


in my closet.


isn't that just ironic?!


...well i've never told anyone but my best friend--and she thinks i did it on a dare..


truth is..

i really liked it..a lot.


ok.


is it getting a little hot in here?


im gonna go now.
Fries sounds unatural to me I ain't American lolz
And kissing a girl isn't bad some people just have different tastes
I also love kissing girls.





Btw we here in England say chips too
Yes but your a guy!!! Or are you lolz
well...im not
Haha weirdo the information was NOT needed  
I knew you were a GUY!!! Lolz
Haha weirdo the information was NOT needed  I knew you were a GUY!!! LolzWhat gave me away?
Uhh it says male
ha ha 


BUSTED!





I occasionally sleep in my wardrobe.
Haha awww that's SOOOO cute!!! ^.^

And I know ur a guy cause I stalk you  *creeped out?*
Haha awww that's SOOOO cute!!! ^.^And I know ur a guy cause I stalk you  *creeped out?*O.O my door just blew open after you said that....
What?? O.o
Haha awww that's SOOOO cute!!! ^.^And I know ur a guy cause I stalk you  *creeped out?*Please start contributing something
Ehh okay confession... I dyed my tounge completly orange today in art class, yes I think they should put this with uhh the topics?? Whatever they are
i still love my ex. we are still friends. so everytime he gets a new girlfriend i become friends with her and end up breaking them up.
I still love my ex and some times feel like breaking down when I think about her. I secretly check up on her(not stalk) to see how she's doing every once in a while.
I poured a bottle of water over the principal today and broke a girls nose cause she touted
I have another couple:
I dyed a bitch from my schools eybrows blue when she was asleep 
I was the one who trashed the athletics equipment in PE cause I didn't want to do it
I was the one who started the school waterfight during winter (sorry if you got a cold principalXD)
And this is all for now... I was the one who broke the guys nose in the fight (not my fault he couldn't defend) 
Lolz this is such a good way to feel better
i have a confession...the cake is a lieOMFG!! hahaha, portal?
i have a confession, i still love my ex... like alot, and i feel like aa right cunt for going off at him... and i made a promise that i wouldn't talk to him again... well that was 2 days of fcking tourture..and i gave up and talked to him, but now i think he hates me -_-"
I have a confession.

I lied.
I promised myself I wouldn't
after what happend.
I'm so dissapointed with myself...
I have a confession.

I'm afraid I'll kill people when I grow up. Torture them, and turn into one of those sicko's you always hear about on the news and hate with all your heart.
haha i doubt it xD
my older bro has the same facinations and he still hasn't killed anyone and he's 30!!!xD
he is atheer annoying but i love hiim 
That's reassuring, I guess.
I'd be lying if I said I never had homicide thoughts...
I've wanted to kill this one guy for so long...
there's been so many times I could have ran up
behind him and plunged a knife into his neck...

but sadly I have neither the tooks
nor the balls to go through with it
I always think like that. I suck in society and have never fit into it since I was a little kid. The only thing that keeps me calm in a crowd is thinking of all the ways I could kill the people there. It adds a perverse kind of confidence in yourself. It's like, if I can kill this person, why the hell should I be shy to talk to him. U know wat I mean?
oh god. you sound weirdly alot like my older brother 


oooh, i have another confession... haha i drank 12 litres of crazy milk and it came outta my nose 
LOL
I've got a confession....
my freind got jumped in school yesterday...
badly.
it was 3 people, all he did was tell them to stop throwing snowballs at his girlfreind
and he got absoloutly destroyed...
there was blood all over the floor, his nose was fuched and one of his pupils was tiny.  basicly nothing.
me, Rhys and davids girlfriend waited fir the teachers to let him out the toilet to get into the ambulance
when he came out all I could do was smile and nod at him
I looked like a twat
I looked happy to see him
but I was dying inside...
it was my equivelent of watching Jesus carry the cross
David was a saint, he really did nothing wrong, to anybody, ever
if I was there I would if taken the beating fir him.....
he's got a heart of gold, he didn't deserve that...
he has no idea just how sorry I am
not just that I wasn't here
because I couldn't be a friend to help him.
I haven't heard from him all night.
I really hope he's okay.
boob. and i hope hes ok too, i got jumped in the math corridor once. wasnt pretty.
Shit, I wish I was there. If anyone messes with me and mine, they end up in the hospita.
I've got an aluminum baseball, gloves with spike knuckles, and a shitload of little sharp shit.
Yea, I've actually used 'em all. :-) hehe
haha COME TO AUSTRALIA!!! 
no offence, but you would LOSE against all the lebs here,
doesn'y matter what you have, you'll lose.
and me and my mates always get jumped in public. 
quite embaressing atcually..
That shits just wrong. How can you talk so 
casually about it?
haha coz, im used to it. 
lol, you ever heard of adaption? lol
not adaption really, just tolerance. and another thing.
mehh, it's all the same mumbo jumbo
eh.
Do u bottle it all up, or let it out?
bottle, bottle, bottle, but then they push you the tiniest bit far and i skitts it, i'll throw punches, and i'll receive punches
[moore often i receive them though to b honest i cant fight guys]

oh well shugar happens 
like the saying goes :
when life gives you lemons, make lemonade
Hey, I know that one!
lol
when life gives you lemons, say 
"yeah, yeah i like lemons. what else ya got?"


anyway yeah it could be a good idea to have that...i dont know....and like its your own descretion what u say
it would only be a confession if you'd said your gay, or said you were straight and are confessing your actually gay :3 luls. nice onesss cyril. can i call yew cyril?
futher confession
I lived.

that is all.
Back to the topic of getting jumped...how wrong is it for an entire football team (7th and 8th grade football teams) to jump me? I'm 13, I'm in the 7th grade, I never talk to them, they're all bigger than me, and last week on Friday, they jumped me. Wasn't pretty. I don't understand it...If I never talk to them, what's the point in jumping me? I think some of the cheerleaders even got in on it...I'm not sure, I blacked out.
yeah of course thats wrong
but you know that already.

what's your school...?
I'm sure I could cook something up.
i have a confession to make...on my "about me" it says my bf is away on a vacation...thats a lie... he left me for someone else...
*hugs*
i have a confession. 

i

smell. of.


cabbage.
DAN DAH, DAHDAHDAH DAAAHHHHHHHHH
-hugs clark back-
boo.
poo.
i killed six butterflies last night 
i feel so ashamed....
D: did you wash them off at least?
yes i did
Gewd :\
i did something bad today
what?
well, yesterday a girl messed up my science project on purpose and when i tried to explain that to my teacher she gave an f and detention. so i was really pissed, then the girl came up to me again and called me an emo mother fucker who should kill herself and then took my binder and threw it down the stairs. so i punched her in the face and cursed out everyone that was around me.
oh and i hit a guy with my backpack because he stole my homework and then ripped it into pieces
yesterday was just not a good day
O_O
i just snapped.....idk what the hell happened dont know how i got all that courage
...
I was homophobic for a short-period of time.. Then I realized I was bi.
Cool Story, Bro.
Cool Story, Bro.You really know how too instantly piss me off.
i love you too :3
my confession....

i don't wear any pant's when i pee
O-O
I KNOW!! XP
i killed a spider
i am a bad person..
my best guy friend is gay..and he has a bf but he also had a gf because he didnt want people to know he was gay
I TOLD HIM he should come out..and he did...he ended up kissing his boyfriend in front of a school
the next day some guys jumped him for being gay..now he is in the hostpital.
its all my falt..if he would have never followed my advice he would be fine.
i feel so bad because its my fault this all happened.
Its not your fault Alisha...-hugs-
-hugs back- but it is my fault he took MY advice....if i just kept my mouth shut he wouldnt be in the hostpital
you know what Alisha? Shit happens, life moves on, we get over it and get on with our lives. he aint dead is he? nope. He'll be out soon, dont beat yourself up.
Sorry for putting it so bluntly.
i know..at first i thought that way too, but then he started blaming everything on me and now i just feel like its all my fault
I have a confession...







































































I like alex.
alex as in emoangl42 alex?
yea...Alex.
oh..wow everybody seems to have a crush on alex lol XD
it just happened.
Sorry if this sounds mean but i just got dumped today...and i dont want the weight of another relationship on my shoulders...
-Hugs for Alex- I'm sorry, buddy
-hugs back- its not your fault.
-Hugs for Alex- I'm sorry, buddy I just wanted to take a short break..
alrighty then..how about we change the subject to  something a little better...so who likes pickles?
alrighty then..how about we change the subject to  something a little better...so who likes pickles?They're okay.
I got dumped yesterday.....
-hugs- i'm sorry
alrighty then..how about we change the subject to  something a little better...so who likes pickles?They're okay.do you like carrots?
i like carrots
XD
alrighty then..how about we change the subject to  something a little better...so who likes pickles?They're okay.do you like carrots?They're.. BLARGH.
fine..what do you like?
fine..what do you like?Pizza, Spaghetti, Crab Legs, Tacos, Nachos, French Fries, Chicken.Those are the only things I ever eat.
I like those hostess cupcakes with the white stuff drizzled on top or birthday cake mmm.
fine..what do you like?Pizza, Spaghetti, Crab Legs, Tacos, Nachos, French Fries, Chicken.Those are the only things I ever eat.oh nachos are the best! and french fries r yummy too...
birthday cake!
tacos are good
Spaghetti is the best food ever
birthday cake!Cake makes me think of sponges  They have the same texture. Have you ever noticed that before?
No never.
Guess I'm just strange like that then 

But yeah, that's basically the reason I won't eat cake is because it feels like a sponge and it makes me think of soap which doesn't taste good so it makes me gag...You just gotta love the way my mind processes things!
i kind of get what you mean. but it would depend on the cake
i have a confession i drank a bottle of Tobasco sauce and liked it
ok i have a confession and this is why i am bi      well in daycare when i lived in germany there was this spot that no one went to because of the trash cans and well i stayed there during outside time and i waited for my friend(that was a boy) and i made out with him until it was time to go and i already liked girls so then i liked girls and guys from then on
aww thats cute =]
i have a confession to make.. again ..
umm, i was with my friends in Miller and i seen my auntie and cousin, (but they are baad drug addicts)
and they waved to me and.. my friends are like
 "chloe, do you know them?"
and im like, ive never seen them in my life 
i feels  tiny bit bad though ...
i have another confession I took a poop in the corner and told mom it was the dog
ok me next i just broke up with my girlfriend for another girl thats birthday party is on friday and i am going to ask her out that day (hopefully if i dont get nervious
well sometimes i will just let it lose mainly if i am high on tylenol or just dont give a fuck if she says no
wow i want that courage but i dont and if she says no i will cry and i dont like to cry in public places bc what happens whwn i cry i cut myself and then people would be even more mean to me if they found out i was emo and a bi
i know wxactly how you feel.
umm, if she says no. well, say its all good and tell her your going to get a drink.
and then go to the toilet and cry.
it really is embaressing if you cry infront f the person that rejects you..

but hopefully your awesme enugh for her to say "definatly"
and then you can be one big happy family!
my gf was 14 when i was 20 :|...and i can't ever stop trying to kick peoples heads in with they look at me Stupid...kinda feels bad
ugh thanks for then couragement but i am kinda backing out i mean it would be kinda weird and she knows i LOVE!!!!!!!!!! her but it would be weird because we r like siblings and then me asking her out  well i just dont know i think i will just not do it
ugh thanks for then couragement but i am kinda backing out i mean it would be kinda weird and she knows i LOVE!!!!!!!!!! her but it would be weird because we r like siblings and then me asking her out  well i just dont know i think i will just not do itSometimes the closest relationships can come from the best of friends My confession is that I still had an imaginary friend when I was ten. I cried when my mum made me get rid of him. It was sad because he was my happy thought when things went bad.
lol my mom made me do that to all of my 10 imaginary friends but i still keep then not now people yeah i know i have an imaganary friend named people so i could say talk to my people
I told a boy that i did not know at a walmart in dallas he is hot
Okay so I totally voted yes, but after reading some of these posts its like wtf, no.
It's a stupid idea cuz people are competing on how they tried to off themselves which is just messed up.
If you have a confession to make, go to freakin' church or tell someone else because I'm pretty sure half the crap people are saying on here isn't true, they just want attention.
So NO.
I think this is a HORRIBLE idea.
Agreed
censor censor censor censor censor censor censor 
(how do i delete a comment without posting something else?)
Im cinfused as to what this board is diScussing quite frankly... Lol
I have a confession.I'm afraid I'll kill people when I grow up. Torture them, and turn into one of those sicko's you always hear about on the news and hate with all your heart.I'm scared of the same thing. I've actually thought of killing a person I really hate.... I even had it planned out...But I'd never do anything like that just thinking about it makes me feel guilty.
I have three confessions 
1. my first kiss was a girl
2. Almost immediately after I kissed her I helped her cheat on her gf
3. my username comes from something that happened in a dream where George Washington was my history teacher
It's embarrassing but I've never been kissed before....
You mean that game you and your dad used to play when you would play make baby in the back of his pick-up truck?lol.
Me and Dell just came up with a great idea to have a section where you can make your confessions and talk/share with others.for example: confession.i hate it when my mom looks at me like i'm a total freak.and then you talk about it and so onsound good?confession:i've been tryin 2 die ever since i was in lik 4th or 5th grade
Ive been tryin to commit suicide for 6 years
Confession: 
I suck at making confessions.
I use to be sucidle I still have thoughts avout it. I ofton think of running away and I'c never had a real kiss. And I use lock my self n a room and drink alchol
This is the first time I've ever admitted this to other people but I used to cut myself and wish that I could die since everything around me kept going wrong and people would treat me really bad to the point that I'd do it everyday, sometimes I think of going back to it and those thoughts depress me .
I think Im not good enough for her.lol
my confession is when i was 14 i got drunk at my party and full made out with this chick,, then the next morning i woke up with her in my bed O.o
I think Im not good enough for her.lolAww. Well stop thinking that hun.And you never talk to me anymore xD Guess I need a confession, eh?Well. I might just so happen to be in love with my ex AND my boyfriend.And it might not have helped that I saw my ex yesterday. Hadn't seen him since February.
I'd like a discussion section.x:
Im the most dangerous man in the world.
Confession; I show nothing but joy when in the presence of others, but when alone I'm a wreck. So people get the wrong idea about me, which just kills me even more when they tell me how amazing it is on how happy I am all the time.
I just like to make others smile.. More than anything..
one of my bff wants to commit suicide....i try to change her mind and i cry everyday cause i'm useless and i dont know what to do...i have already stopped her 2 times...just hope she'll get it over with our help
Confession 1: Mimi doesn't care about studying Criminology, she's just fascinated by Serial Killers.Confession 2: We've always want to be alone, but when we are we long for someone to be there.Confession 3: Mimi has thought about killing herself for a long time. She won't go through cause she   knows I'll die with her.


Confession: I'll do anything to keep my friends happy! If i'm not happy the groups not happy....and that would kill me in the inside. My friends are my family so if I have to smile I'll do it!
You mean that game you and your dad used to play when you would play make baby in the back of his pick-up truck?epic win. just sayin... oh, and my confession? hmm...im not.. quite.. sure... oh i know!i used to be afraid of boys. like, literally. i would NOT want to talk to boys at all, because for some reason they scared me.the confession?i was afraid of them until i was like, 12.
					
					

Confession: i love watching my girlfriend watch me. Its cute.
I was going to say my confession and then I thought against it. 

ehh.. I guess that makes me a spammer doesnt it?
confession: I've made out with a girl more than once.
 in my defense I was drunk every time.
confession: I've made out with a girl more than once.in my defense I was drunk every time.
Hehe welllll shit happens
Hehe welllll shit happens  Trust me, I know
Haha Imma adopt you as my sister o.O
really? OMFG!!! no one has ever really done that before. I usually adopt others. O_O
Hehe well I'm a strange one, or so I've been told. - Lose yourself in your insanity
I hate marmite. Like for real, It's disgusting.
Confession: i fell in love with my friend, we un officially dated, stuff happend that i regret and wont fully tell anyone and it scares me. That aside, i still love him even though i have a girlfriend who i love. Ive given him my everything but he cant give it back, hes made me feel every emotion, happy sad angry etc but i still care for him so much. I told him this and now he wont talk to me. -_____-
Confession: I'm terrified of telling people my secrets because I don't know how they'll react.
I let a girl cut me with a bobypin and now im an adict
confessions huh well I kinda like BVB
i have a confesion i kissed a girl... it... sucked
i also tryed to kill my self 186 times no joke evryday at night i try to suffocate myself but end up jist letting go and breathing:( no joke and i also slit my rist but my bro saved me which sucked i want to die and find more and more reasons to kill myself i hate life and it sucks my mom hates me and wishes she never had me and my dad abandonded me at age 5 i have 3 sisters and 3 brothers 1 of them commited suicide i envy him very much but i want to die and cant which sucks cuz i hate my life but find it worth having because of the guys im really into one night stands as long as i dont get prego (that last part was bad i know but its who i am call me what you want but i like it so SHUT UP)  XD
Confession:i kissed a girl and liked it
I don't really have anything in the confession wagon as of now...
Le confession: Sometimes I really wanna die.
Confession : i have hooked up with a chic, im bi, i have cut myself before, i smoke, i ran into a glass door before...
Confession : i have hooked up with a chic, im bi, i have cut myself before, i smoke, i ran into a glass door before...lol ive done taht!!  its jist happend though... and i broke it
lol ive done taht!!  its jist happend though... and i broke it it hurt's running into a door ayy one time i broke it got cuts everywhere from it
my confession: i didnt tell my bf that i was bi and he walked in on me and my girl
I had sex with my bf at the age of 18 and then I also tried to kill myself 8 times.... That felt good to get it off my chest
Confession: I have 9 mental illnesses, I hallusonate, Ive tried to end it 6 times, and my boyfriend thinks cutters are selfish and pathetic, he doesn't know I am one x
Confession: I have 9 mental illnesses, I hallusonate, Ive tried to end it 6 times, and my boyfriend thinks cutters are selfish and pathetic, he doesn't know I am one x
confession: i secretly want to fuck my therapist
confession.. i always blame everything on myself no matter what it is even when someone else does something i always find a way to say it was my fault cause i hate people being sad or upset except i dont care about myself and i have tried drugs smoked and drunk before just to get rid of pain for a lil while cause i just didnt care what i did or where i ended up..
My dad killed my puppy 2 years ago and i still feel upset and angry at him for doing it
confessing u nearly killed urself is a bit weird...
shouldnt these confessions be more lyk...i steal the cookies from the pantry every night...idk
I'm actually an alien in disguise as a human, I'm actually several hundred thousand years old, and I've come to learn about earth and evaluate whether or not my race should overthrow your puny planet. I'll keep you updated on that one.
my moms scared of me becuz she knows im emo...i feel like ive lost all trust..wat should i do..if she found out she never tlk to me again..
Sounds like a great idea to me
I never tell my parents anything that goes on in my life
I'm in love with a psycho percussionist
I still sleep with a stuffed animal
My dad killed my puppy 2 years ago and i still feel upset and angry at him for doing itholy shit
I hate it when people judge me by my scars. Or when my own sister calls me an emo freak. Or when people never take into consideration your feelings. I just wish it would all go away sometimes, you know?
confession: every time i wake up..i think to myself...how the hell am i still alive
another: i am ashamed that my presence means close to nothing to almost everyone because i could not be more as a person
...i feel discusted wiv myself after i masturbate... 
am i the only one?
I like a guy who is three years older than me, has a girlfriend and has four cats.
confession: this website is the only place i can be myself, and open up to people 100%... no one in my family knows that ive cut myself before and have thought many times of how much better everyones life would be without me
okie, well i dont really know how to say this but im bi(most people know this), im in love with my best friend, my best friend broke my heart by telling me she lied to me about even liking girls, i never loved anyone i dated. i still cut, i lost track of how my nights i held a gun to my head. i just want to end everything but i know i cant, i would have failed everyone else then. i dont love my dad, only my mom. my dad was never there for me and now hes trying to force me to be happy with him as a dad. i get into arguements with my parents all the time and i just gave up on life. no one in my family accepts me and i have nightmares of everyone i love killing me and i just dont know what to do.
I like a guy whos 6 years older than me O__O
I am addicted to ep
I'm 19 and I have never fallen in love! (maybe it's because no one here accepts people who are different)
I was molested twice by the age of six,I was beat and started cutting and tried to commit suicide by the time I was 13,I'm now 15and about to be locked in a mental instuion,any advice besides grabbing a razor blade and hoping in a tub with running water?????
I'm gay, but I think it's pretty obvious xD 
i kissed 5 girls and 1 boy at my party it was pretty kewl u no just startin off my age of 13 insteed of getting 14 spankings getting 14 kisses and i really liked it that is fucking awesome, i wish that would happen at my partys
Confession: my first kiss was a girl i really like it.
i've never really love someone.
i've been cutting for 2 1/2 years but i stop im going on my 3 or 4 month without cutting.
i now smoke pot and cigerette's and i drink but I'm stoping(if not im not gonna do it all the time like i do).
i really like my best friend nicole(she's bi)
i've try suicide 4 times.
Im new at this site. Ehh Ill just confess: I lie to my Dad every single day about who I am. He trusts me the most in the family...
My confession: I did so many drugs at parties that I can't remember anything I did
This insomnia.... I'm pouring as much Visine onto my corneas as I am coffee down my gullet -- it's not doing much to render me any more alert. I used to have my mother's eyes: now it looks like I've made away with Rasputin's. We seem to be sharing the same hairdresser too. The fact that I'm beginning to look like a Tar Pond bullfrog from lack of sleep should make it obvious.
I was raped 2 times in middle school and haven't tole my parents. I toley mom I was at someone's house for the night and went to someone elses house. And I never told her. So I got really depressed and started cutting my self. I took a hand full of pills, and had to get my  stomach pumped in 8th grade. I have no intention of telling my family... Ever.
I was molested twice by the age of six,I was beat and started cutting and tried to commit suicide by the time I was 13,I'm now 15and about to be locked in a mental instuion,any advice besides grabbing a razor blade and hoping in a tub with running water?????Try to look at the bright side you lived through that and that is basicly rock bottom  so the only way to go is up in your life.
					
					

hmm..got a couple ....
i've never kissed a boy before although i have kissed 3 girls :3
I have a habit of bottling everything up and then eventually it all becomes to much and I just breakdown 
I'm scared of growing up and life in general
I'm actually an alien in disguise as a human, I'm actually several hundred thousand years old, and I've come to learn about earth and evaluate whether or not my race should overthrow your puny planet. I'll keep you updated on that one.Seriously? Cause' that would be fucking awesome!
I want to slap everyone in this thread that said they wanted/tried to kill themself.I want to slap these damn mosquitos with lightning D=
im the only one in history to have risen from the dead!

i used to have a triceratops as a pet!

i invented the thing called the internet

my real name is bruce wayne
I LOVE THIS DUDE! ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
im the only one in history to have risen from the dead!i used to have a triceratops as a pet!i invented the thing called the internetmy real name is bruce wayneXD
agreed hm
i burned the tips of all my fingers with i cigarette lighter when i was 6 and i sewed all my gingers together on my left hand when i was 8, both times because i was told to go kill myself
when I was an audience member in El show de Xuxa back in 1993, I never made in to the stage with her like I had always anticipated. I was asked if I wanted to but I couldn't say anything because at the time I was quite a mute. During the commercial they where collecting kids pretty fast too. I may have looked like i was too scared to go and they disregaurded me. I was fairly devastated, Xuxa was my Idol and that dissapointment stuck with me for such a long time.
i burned the tips of all my fingers with i cigarette lighter when i was 6 and i sewed all my gingers together on my left hand when i was 8, both times because i was told to go kill myself*fingers lolnot gingers
I NEED the affection and love of a partner to function. Growing up alone and unloved gave me the need of loveand affection. No greater amount of affection than the love of a partner. I seek to recieve it and give it. This needy side of me has really caused me to suffer in the last year. Putting me in the situation I'm in now.
confession:: My whole family is homophobic and I'm bi so I pretty much have a double life
confession:: My whole family is homophobic and I'm bi so I pretty much have a double life confession: i know how that feels
Confession: i got suspened for fighting 8 times in a year
Confession 2: I don't. Act completely same online then in real life I am kinda shy
and stutter a lot. 
Confession 3: I am emo but don't really. Look it my family. Doesn't. Understand what that is or doesn't Know. So living look how they want me to but. I feel like a out side b/c I like a certain culture of things and the don't. 
Confession 4: i use to be a pain addict, I use to bite myself 
6, when my parents fight I used to punch myself @7,when I was about 8 or 9 I wrapped. A cable wire around my neck. I was kinda chubby at 10-12 I was rejected/bullied  for that and being a tomboy,  so I used to take a pen and stab myself, one. Point. I tried hanging myself but couldn't. do it. I used to cut myself just to feel pain and drink any blood that was bled. 
Confession5: never had a romantic experience,  never kiss someone, never dated,  never Got asked out never held hands , or told I love u by a guy. 
Confession 6: I hate my dreads it's not attractive only girls and old men find them beautiful.  I want my long and straight.  
Confession 7: sometimes I think if I was a boy I wouldn't. Have to be lady like.u can be wild and Cool. But I like being. A girl to.
I sleep with a 34 year old.....Teddy bear... okay you got something on me, good, good for you.
I sleep with a 34 year old.....Teddy bear... okay you got something on me, good, good for you.Nice teddybear  Sometimes a random panda appears in my shirt.
confession.. i dont think of dying as much as i would before but i still want to cut. when i was in elementary everyone including the teachers hated me and i got told to go kill myself so when i was 7 i tried and failed (obviously). ive tried killing myself over 15 times. im a failure at that! but its okaii cause i just found something worth living for.
confession.. im still afraid of monsters in my closet :}
confession... i go to school again
confession.. i dont think the world will end on the 21st xD
My confessions:
---
I am a schizophrenic, I hear voices in my head that tell me good and bad things. Apparently the nicest one cut me to get the memory of my mother 'flipping her shit' out of my head, replacing it with burning pain.
lol
I punched a far relative in the face at a family party, thinking it was my own dad.
I cut my hair or trim it when I'm bored in my bedless room.....
No I ain't bald lol my hair is a lil above my shoulders with a bang

Sometimes I get caught fapping but I don't stop.. I just make direct eye contact and keep going :

I sleep naked
Well... my confession is that... I think alot of people on here hate me and I hate most people on here like Dani (Joosy) Shawn... Mike... etc... And ya know, I can't help it. I love them with all my heart but there is just something I hate about them... 
Hate you too joey baby 
Joey i h8 u.
I wanna be hated :c
I h8 u amii like gawd i hate chu so much.
I was violated on a bus by 7 boys shortly after I was 8 and I was... "Forced into submition" twice and I've had no good relationships and 4 used to beat me and I've grown so good at hiding this that now when I do try to tell, no body belives me. By the time I was 9 I was suicidal.
i sleep naked as well
I wrote Justin bieber , my sister, my dad, Alonzo, and Sebation 's names in my death note ...
yep I own one

I drunk wine cuz I thought was cider. I got drunk and had my first hangover on new years eve.
I try to choke my self again even though I stopped years ago
i let a fish bite me
Well... time for another fucked up confession... When I was little like around 6 years of age... I thought it was my birthday and I grabbed one of those fake plastic flowers and sat up on the counter where the stove was... I lit the flower on fire and started singing hppy birthday to myself and I burnt down the whole where the stove was... :/ True Story
confession: I couldn't care less if someone shot me right now
im always negative
I attempted to murder my whole family
Sometimes I get caught fapping but I don't stop.. I just make direct eye contact and keep going :
I know I will kill myself before I'm 50
When i play games i make noises like Hiii ya, take this mofo dieidieidiei
Confession: I had a miscarriage when I was 6 months pregnant with my friend... He was my "friend with benefits" at the time.
I once came home at 6pm after playing with neighbours, when my curfew was 5:30pm.
8 year old thug life.
"Confessions" Doesn't mean "Tell us how you tried to suicide".
iv had a naughty weird awkward dream that involved me being raped
confession: I r fgt
spent some time at Patrick B. Harris
I nearly got arrested after threatening my neighbor who was talking shit to my sister and made rude comments about her genitals
i shot my uncle because he called my now ex girlfriend sexy
Really?


i shot my uncle because he called my now ex girlfriend sexy
doubtful
Confession: i got suspened for fighting 8 times in a year
1. I lie to everyone in my family about my life.
2. The only relationship I ever had ended terribly 
3. Sometimes I wake up soaked in sweat panting with my heart beating really fast after i have this really morbid dream
i cheated to stop someone commiting suicide :/
I made out with my cousin....and liked it
i was molested for 2 years when i was 8 to 10 and i still see the person almost everyday
1. I believe in ghost
2. I don't believe in god even though my family is Catholic 
3. I lie to my closets friends saying that I'm fine when I feel like I'm dying inside
4. I don't like being forced to be social and I don't like to socialize
When I dream I kiss someone other than my boyfriend I wake up anxious because I feel like I actually cheated on him
It may seem like i care but in truth i probably dont, because of my aspergers i've had to learn and observe everyone around me and adapt to atleast have the mannerisms like them. BUT if i do feel, i feel 10 times as much as the average person so once you do have my trust and love, you've got it for life man
I got knee walking drunk at a town party and hooked up with my best friends cousin...I'm currently dating said best friend's sister.
I'm an emotional rollercoasters and a handful. I care entirely too much for people even though things may end badly. I would drop the world for someone I care about and wouldn't think twice about it. I'm heavily guarded but when I get feelings for someone, they hit hard and most of the time I do stupid shit I don't usually do because I worry too much. My mind wanders into the depths of the worst places. I hope for the best but expect the worst, but I go to sleep dreaming the worse case scenario that ends up making me worry too much. 
2. I'm a people pleaser.. I want everyone to be happy with me and when they aren't I bet myself up for it. I blame myself for things that aren't my fault but I believe that I caused that outcome. I want to be friends with everyone. Especially if I think someone is cool as hell. 
3. I over think. Like I said above, I worry entirely too much 
and 4. I'm the biggest bitch but I'm actually a sweet girl. I just put on this bitch demeanor to see who is worth my time.
.I killed my brothers cat and told him I found him in the pool drowned.
I'm extremely insecure. I may make cocky comments here and there but I don't believe them.
I still sleep with a teddy bear :3
hmm.. why not, I hate when I go out with my Mother to a restaurant and they call us "Ladies" when in fact i'm a male x.x. I usually act like it doesn't bother me, but after awhile of this happening it starts becoming annoying.
i smile, people think im happy but im actually unhappy all the time.
I like the sound of a screaming rabbit
I've been dying for a chance to talk to you again, just one time has made me interested. When will I get that chance?
i was raped and i've never really told anyone until just now
I got kicked out of kindegarden for being too immature,I cried and clung to the teachers leg begging for my mom..
I love the feeling of intoxication. .
I still sleep with a teddy bear :3

Don't worry so do I, six of them in fact and a squashy pillow, apparently it's a sign if abandonment issues but I don't give a fuck xox
...err...ummm....I confess that I have never read a Harry Potter book.
I lost my temper and let fly a heavy coffee mug through the place once and it did an amazing amount of damage.
I regularly stole packs of cigarettes from my parents cartons and rearranged the other packs so it looked the same as it was.
I took whiskey out of the bottle and watered it down so it looked the same height until I got caught. Then I did it again, several times.
I could probably write a book of things like this if I could remember all of them.
I have a lot of confessions:
1) I overdosed in an attempt of suicide three times (and didn't have to go to the hospital
2) I accidently swallowed a pin once
3) Sometimes at night I dream about murdering people
4) In grade school I used to bully bullies
I might do this if there were a way to make it anonymous... Q.Q
I steal my fiances cigs all the time.
I'm afraid to trust people.
I used to use detention as a way to escape in high school
I sometimes have thoughts of killing my parents
I'm scared of the dark.
I dropped the soap..... Nah thats why i used body wash ;D
I'm afraid of ghosts.
I'm obsessed with the unknown.
I'm afraid of being alone.
I'm afraid of losing friends and of not having any. Obsessively so.
1. People think I'm quiet but really I just cause trouble all the time and get away with it XDD
Now this one might come off as weird to some people (or maybe not)
2. I like watching emo guys making out - Yes I had to say that
Im an apatheistic agnostic
Ive got 3 different personalities
My first psychotic episode was in 4th grade.
Ive been through 5 hospitals.
I have thoughts around every five seconds at the most of taking the nearest object and slaughtering everyone i see with it
Ive cut my face twice.
I was diagnosed with Schizophrenia at 13 which was 2 years ago.
I dont like myself
I have a low opinion of those with eating disorders
I sometimes make out with a pillow
I have a boyfriend. (Technically Im straight but hes the only exception)
I call myself and prefer others to call me Alice Liddell
My arms look like a warzone
I wear jackets in any temperature. Including above 100 F
My room is a mess
I cant read a book from 2 feet away without squinting or glasses
I swear I keep seeing something moving in my room at night when everythings off
I have 52 different Auditory Hallucinations that Ive made friends with. Contrary to many voice hearers, my Voices are actually passive, friendly, and productive and have kept me from being lonely.
well.....im african american and i hate it because people dont believe wat i am because of my color
That's fucked up, people are stupid.
Confession 1: I asked myself a billion times "what the hell is this?" Until I readed the first page.
Confession 2: I'm in trouble...I cant seem to feel the sorrow I felt in the past, whats happening?
Confession 3: I dont know why am I hearing these "vocaloid" things, I dont even know japanese!
Confession 4: I day-dream that I'm in another world for the only reason that I like fantasy stuff (is it weird,cuz its normal to me).
Confession 5: Somehow I cant feel the lyrics of my favorite songs
Confession 6: Some friends of mine think I'm way too "moody" cuz I change attitude really fast...well WRONG it only happens when I start doubting about my past. These confessions for now...
If I regret something I usually push it under a rug and forget about it. My biggest confession? I can't own up to my wrongs. I just quickly solve the conflict and go on with my life without looking back.
I think Chris Angel is a real magician.....and I believe in pshycic abilities.....
my confession is that I was raped
While y'all are arguing and such my confession is that I've exploded lotion bottles on two occasions, just trying to put on lotion :/
i'm not emo...oh my god there i said it*crying*
Confession: Sometimes I tie myself to my bed with a (belt) leash and try and get out (I like the way the leather feels on my neck)
Im a college student who is now on day zero. My cuts make me happy. Im bisexual.... which my family don't like much.
Confession: I use to do ANYTHING to get my parents attention.. It didn't work.. So now I'm a smart, school skipping, addicted, beautiful, slut.. (The 'slut' part is my mom's thought of me)
I hate how people kik or text me and say that I'm pretty cool and an awesome person to talk to and we laugh and talk about random shit but then never text back
Some confessions.
-I still have a dream of being in a band.
-I'm very unhappy with my height. I'm only 5'1'' but wish I was 5'9''. I would even be happy if I was at least 5'4''.
-I have anorexia. I don't want to gain any of the weight I lost back even though I'm very underweight right now.
-I'm scared about being attacked or assaulted because of my gender identity and gender expression.
My confession.... 
I sometimes yell at teachers for no reason.
Preach.
thats creepy and I never give out personal information, thats stupid!
haha i gav out my email once and u made it a huge line lol
Also many of you might wonder why I made this.

It's because on here, and in the chat - too many people are doing this.  So, it's not aimed at one person so much as, everyone that does this.  Anyone who doesn't - Good.
scribe lol
Very nice Scribe. I personally try to keep my social networks as private as possible. I don't give out my facebook or anything. However I do give out my Tumblr and Youtube because those are meant to be public.

But this is great to have. However Idk if many people will read it...
I understand the types of people you are talking about but there is a fine line between safe and ridiculous.

Me for instance, I keep all of my facebook private, and fake the location. I also have two numbers, one is my real life number that I only give people I have seen in rl before (and my bf) and the second is through my ipod through textplus so I got to choose a random number that cannot be traced.
There are two groups of friends I have on fb
1) People I know- I have talked to them, seen them in rl, or befriended them elsewhere.
2) My bf's friends- He knows all of his friends, and the one's he doesn't are friends of mine that I talk to on a regular basis.

I will say this, I am American, my bf is Canadian, and most of my friends are Canadian. The group I share most info with (my bf, and 4 other friends, 3 of which are Canadian) meet up on tinychat and have video conferences all the time together. like 5 days a week I'd say.

As far as "who pays for the phone" good argument, if what you do costs anything at all. Free unlimited texting to US and Canada for me, so it really just does not matter in the sense of "who pays" who I talk to on my phone.
Now I understand where you are coming from with people all "Text me ***-***-****!!" all over the internet, but there is some middle ground. And the middle is the best place.
-here's to hoping I did not just offend everyone!-
Im with scribe on this
about a year ago I met a guy who is SURELY a pedophile stalker....creepy....after having NO INTERNET  for a year, I have learned my lesson not to tell strangers personal things...its really unsafe
I have several different email addresses, but they're the only things I give out.
I never give out mobile numbers, and the closest i get to giving out my address is saying I live in Australia ^^
If you want to give somebody your facebook or information like that, please do so though PM. Its strongly advised not to do this, as you cant truely know somebody online.
Dell has a point, its your choice who you tell private informatioon to, but not everyone is who they say they are on the internet.
Dell has a point, its your choice who you tell private informatioon to, but not everyone is who they say they are on the internet.You called him Dell... You use the other chat?
oh god i know some people are that stupid, ode to you for posting
I keep telling people to look here all the time 
I just feel the need to enforce this sometimes.
Do someone a favor, possibly save a life.
					
					

i never give out my address...
i give out my email sumtimes...idc much about that...
idc if ppl kno my name n age but i wudnt give out an address (only PO box if someone wanted it i guess)
i wouldnt give out my phone number unless i was close to them or i actually knew them n real life...
I never say where i live or where I study or my phone or my email
I agree ...
hmmmm...doesn't matter
Lol, started by scribe.
No...
I have a decoy email for stuff like facebook and crap
Ok so here's the deal. I miss Ep. as far as i can tell this place is doing nothing but collecting cob webs. So with that being said ive been here a long time. (multiple accounts do to terrible time remembering passwords.)but from here on i have a challenge for everyone who's reading this. Tell your friends to tell they're friends make this place go bump in the night once more. Also Any admins who see this....PLEASE MESSAGE ME
If i were you i would go to counseling that is what i am doing and it calms me down or talk to someone who cares about you
Get a hobby do something constructive because doing nothing is causing your brain to be deprived of it's happy chemicals.
I would like to go see someone but that is a big issue with my partner...
I have adopted a bunny to help me alittle and thinking about drawing again
Sex and drugs n rock n roll... Just go out there and be open to new things
I wish it was that simple aha
This may sound weird but meditation helps. Reason why is because I had time that it felt like I was in a dream. Go to youtube and type in 98.7 proven there'd eye opening.
Your welcome. Some tips when listening to it that I have is where head phones, close your eyes and try to be one with the music, and listen to it in a quiet spot. If you have pressure in your forehead that's normal. Something that you could get into to keep out of depression and those type things is Google search telekinesis, astrial projection. This may sound od at first but we'll worth doing it.
I checked it out today and I think that it will help.
That's about the brainwaves? Like first stages of dreaming?
Yes, theta is 3 to 4 brain waves I believe. Their is a meditation to get you in to theta state of mind. It's also takes practice. Doing the meditation over and over till you get really good at it.
Sounds like what I need aha.
Practice makes perfect.
And I have the time to practice alot :3
Then go for it. Just remember one thing stay on it. What I mean byou that is stay positive and never give up. I have been doing telekinesis for about 2 years it's hard at first but easier as it goes.
I will try my best :3 Sometimes I give up a little to easy so I will try to stay positive and open minded :3
Cool:3. Make sure to have some fun when you practice.
I will try :3
Let us start with the main factor. 
Looks: Most girls have insecurities, whether they vocalize it or not. They do. But most girls forgot one thing. True beauty. True beauty isn't what you find in the magazines. It's not the celebrities you look up to. And it surely isn't those site models. You look at these people and think,"Man, they are so gorgeous, can I look like them." Stop. Just stop right there. I shall give you an insiders look into these women. Do you realize that most of this girls drown themselves in makeup AND use the hell out of photoshop and other editing sites? Half of these women don't even look like that. So please explain to me why do you want to look like a woman that has ten pounds of base on? Society has made women insecure because they portray as one thing as true beauty. Skinny, covered in makeup, girls. What happened to looking like Marilyn Monroe? Back in her time they had pills to make you GAIN weight to look like her. Now all these girls just starve themselves to look like they haven't eaten in weeks. I will give a personal experience. I got called fat. Now you see, I am 5'4, weighing between 120-130. And I wear a size 5 in pants. Sometimes 3 depending on material. Clearly, I am not overweight, but since I do not look like those women that you can practically see their rib cage I'm fat. That's saddening. Honestly, girls? You don't need to lose weight for other people. Do it for yourself. If you want to lose some do it the healthy way. Eat right, drink tons of water and exercise. Most of those famous girls or even regular girl lose weight so fast is from being bulimic. Which is NOT a healthy way to lose weight. It destroys your body. Now the message I'm trying to get across is, be true to yourself. Take off all that makeup and realize you don't need it. We have true beauty and even if someone people can't realize your true beauty now, I promise you someone will. And stop paying too much attention to that scale. I promise you, you are fine the way you are. But If you want to achieve a goal, do it the right way, not the easy way. So some point today, I will do something for you, I will take a picture of myself with NO makeup, not even base. 100% natural.  My hair not perfect. You can see all my "flaws" in the open. I don't have perfect skin. I have blemishes. I  will post it in my gallery. If you want to see it go for it, if not then don't. But I'm doing this to show you all, we don't need out hair to be perfect or makeup on to show others we are beautiful. Just stay true to yourself. 
Second. 
Personality: Girls all have different personalities, obviously. But all girls tend to have things in common. We are all mastermind bitches. It's true  but if you want to disagree then go for it. But put yourself in a situation. Think of a time you got extremely mad at someone. Now tell me, did you think of ways you can get them back? Even if you didn't, I bet it popped in your mind. Even if you waved it away. Now thing of a time you got in a fight with a chick friend. Do you physically fight? Or did you just fight by tearing down each other's ego? Girls fighting is like WWIII coming into play. But we most of us don't go physical we go mentally. It's just our instinct. But most of us don't get that far. Do you girls realize that some of us use this in a relationship.(Most guys will agree here, some girls won't) Guys: Have you noticed that when you talk to a girl and she develop feelings for you and let's say, you are in a relationship. Said girl pulls the guilt trip. "I wish someone would care about me." "Your girlfriend is so lucky." "I have no one." And you are left, feeling like shit because you know what will make them happy but you are with someone else? Girls work around the mind. And most of them play mind games. But why? Why do we? I've notice I've done this. And I'm sure some of you girls have realize this as well. But once you grow up you need to realize, guys don't like games. And drama will only just stress yourself out more. It gets to the point that you don't care anymore. Most of us need to realize that it's time to grow up and realize we need to be straight forward about things and if we get into a spat with a friend, be the mature one and apologize if it doesn't work out from there, walk away and deal with your life. 
And lastly Three. 
Relationships: 
Now girls, you know what quickly ends relationships? OVER jealousy. Guys do the same but I find the problem mostly in girls. I understand that you get mad because someone of the opposite sex is talking to your relationship partner. But why do you get so worked up over it? It makes people feel like you have no trust in them. I shall give you an example my best friend used for me when I used to be over jealous. Let's say you are walking through the mall. And someone says,"I like your shoes." What do you say? Clearly you would say,"Thank you." But if someone were trying to take your shoes. You would freak. Think of that as your relationship partner. If other people stare at them or maybe flirt a little. Realize that one, they themselves can make it stop. And two, they are with you. Not them. So clearly you are special. On top of all that, take it as a compliment. You are with someone everyone likes or find attractive. Feel honored that they chose you. 
Now there's the bad end in relationships. Let's say you have been on and off with someone for awhile. But you keep breaking up even when you try so hard to keep it together. Welp, you are only fooling yourself. Think of a relationships as a glass cup. If you look at a glass cup, it's perfect. But once you drop it, it shatters. You can pick up the pieces and try to super glue them together but you will still see the cracks all along the cup. That's the same as a relationship. Once it breaks you can't fix it, unless, it wasn't a bad break up. Like if you were moving away, or feelings faded but years down the line the spark came back, Ect. Relationships need to be taken with care and I can promise you there is a way to keep a healthy relationship. 
1) Fighting is healthy but maybe once every month or two months. Consisted fighting is just horrible and stressful. 
2) Girls. Do NOT assume. Get the straight answer. 
3) Don't beat around a bush. Especially with guys most of them won't get the hint. 
4) Privacy. 
5) Do not be over jealousy. A little jealousy is okay but don't like freak out. 
6) Guys. Not everything is okay even if we say it is. 
7) Never. I repeat. Never cheat. 
8) Never. I repeat. Never lie. 
and lastly 
9) Trust. A great relationship is pretty much your best friend just with the title. You have to trust each other with everything. If your partner is your girlfriend/boyfriend and your best friend. It just works out better. But then again that's my opinion. 
I want you all to know, things will get better and if you are unnoticed now, I promise you, you will get notice. For who you are and not what you try to be. Hold your head up and strong. You are going to go far kid.
Thank you so much for this post. There's so much truth in this post that it's mind-blowing! I especially have to agree with the first paragraph though. All the magazines with the glamor girls and the models, it sets such an unrealistic standard of beauty to the world that honestly it should be illegal. It doesn't help that a person is their worst critic. I do this a lot too, but people will look at themselves in the mirror, and they'll single out a part of their face that they don't like. Say they don't think their nose is perfect, when they single it out of their face, they focus in on it, and when they focus hard on it, they notice how it doesn't look right. That's because they don't look at the whole picture, they don't notice their whole face or their whole body. It's a really brutal cycle.
Well..women just wanna always be perfect and sometimes I don't blame them but some girls  go completely over board..I mean I just go out looking like a hobo and not really caring when some other girl way younger than me come out like so damn slut..like seriously you show all goodies to a laundry mat??
Props to you for writing all that out, especially if you did it in one sitting. But I have a feeling you wrote it for school or something?
Props to you for writing all that out, especially if you did it in one sitting. But I have a feeling you wrote it for school or something?
No actually I did that in one sitting xD And it wasn't for school. 
That was actually me ranting.
Wow. That was amazing Lizzie. Just absolutely amazing. And in one sitting? Daaaamn.
This would have appealed to me if there was at least one thing that covered being employed to keep a mans interest....
Amen.
I trully admire the wisdom u posess lol the first one is especially true...I see all these other guys at school drooling over girls that are so skinney u can see there ribs thru their shirts and that's really ignorant if u ask me. I mean why would u want a girl who looks like she's on crack or something foreal I mean my friends mess with me cuz ill drool over a girl with curves and a big butt (I love girls with big butts..she could have c cups as far as boobs but if she's got a nice round n plump ass then I'm droolin lol)and they'll be like why do u like fat girls when she weighs 140..160 at the most and as far as make up gos I don't care for girls that wear a lot of makeup I mean a little is alright but not to the extent that some girls wear natural beauty is so much more attractive than fake beauty
i love you lizX3
The media is disgraceful in the way they make girls in particular feel insecure about their looks. It will only get worse as the techo age moves forward and kids are told everywhere how best too look.
I used to have an eating disorder back when I was in eight grade, I just kept looking at all these models in magazines and I kept thinking to myself that they r so perfect. But I soon learned that these "perfect" women use a shitload of makeup and practically violate photoshop. I eventually went into treatment and started eating healthy, exercising and drinking lots of water, and guess what.... I feel and look great now. I find it so messed up how the media use pretty thin women as an image for "perfect" 
And I will also post a pic sometime of me all natural. With my flaws and all. I learned to embrace my imperfections. 
This. Is amazing. I mean. I used to hate the way i looked and stuff, And most people made it worse at school. I'm pretty sure everyone has been bullied once before in their lifetime. But when you have someone out there who notices you not for your beauty but for your personality, it makes all the frustration of trying to look beautiful go away. I don't try anymore ^-^ we don't need makeup. We don't need it. Imperfection to me is true beauty c: and i definetly give you a thumbs up Lizzie c:
Thanks you guys. Honestly, we should just embrace who we are and turn over those magazines with those unrealistic looking girls as the cover
my only objection is the fighting part. Wouldn't really say it's healthy but can be beneficial. It certainly is common to have arguments. People usually fight in a relationship due to lack of or miscommunication and once in a great while, lack of trust. Even then it would only be "healthy" or beneficial if it can be resolved without making matters worse. So Fighting itself isn't really, but the after effects once it is resolved to both persons liking.
Now there's the bad end in relationships. Let's say you have been on and off with someone for awhile. But you keep breaking up even when you try so hard to keep it together. Welp, you are only fooling yourself. Think of a relationships as a glass cup. If you look at a glass cup, it's perfect. But once you drop it, it shatters. You can pick up the pieces and try to super glue them together but you will still see the cracks all along the cup. That's the same as a relationship. Once it breaks you can't fix it, unless, it wasn't a bad break up.Nice simile. That described my current relationship perfectly.
I guess the glass was dropped when he called off the wedding. -.-
Anyway, thank you. Believe it or not, you helped me sort out a conflict just now.
Nice simile. That described my current relationship perfectly.
I guess the glass was dropped when he called off the wedding. -.-
Anyway, thank you. Believe it or not, you helped me sort out a conflict just now.
oh wow.. well I'm glad to help c:
I = Blown Away
					
					

Ok I really like this .... Um thing writing it is very beautiful but I'm here for a question are there any real emos here I have questionsss
a
OK what's your preference? Are you the submissive kind that likes being told what do do? Or do you give the orders? Or both?
And what do you like to do?
I'm gonna say this thread is allowed, just don't post links to anything nsfw.
don't worry. I'll be safe about it
Sub. Asphyxiation ftw 
Switch.
Switch. If you're really into BDSM there are Facebook style networks for it, I can name the best, if I'm allowed?
I usually like to tell people what to do but everyone has their own preferences so yeah though you should also know that you shouldn't be too strict though these are only my opinions right? So yeah btw I have a question that's important to me so if there are any REAL emos here I would like to talk to you thanks
Please respond if u live with a demon also. PLEASE. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO. HELP.
I live with demonds too. But their in my head. But are very real
Sometimes I feel like it follows me when I go other places. It does most of the things I mentioned everywhere, but most of the time it does things in my room. It likes watching me sleep.
What are you doing? The obvious thing to do is to go seek help from a paranormal expert that knows what they are talking about. What are you possibly gonna accomplish asking us? Not that I believed you but if you're talking about your life being in danger, Well... Confide in people that can actually do shit about it. Just cause a hand full of us claim vampirism or are obsessed with death doesn't mean we can do shit about your situation.
Don't piss it off. You piss it off, you're fucked. Don't follow shit online and don't listen to people that tell you to talk to it. Demons have ways to fuck with your mind. I've never encounter with an entity but I've felt negative energy before and a weight on my shoulders when I walk into a place that feels wrong. I've had chills as well. I believe that the paranormal is real. The best advice I can tell you is that you have to get rid of it without pissing it off. I'm sorry but a priest would just piss it off and sometimes the shit they do doesn't work. You can be religious as fuck but if the demon is strong enough it can get to the point of killing people. but if you want to contact one then by all means but if it blows up in your face, I don't know what to tell you because once a demon is pissed there is nothing you can. Also remember,  fear and anger fuel them. Make sure your house stays calm and at least content. If people end up getting in huge arguments the demon will become stronger. Also be strong minded, if a demon is strong enough it will try to take over the weak minded.I'm sorry if a demon is there. But there really isn't much you can do.
					
					

They attach themselves to a certain object. Think about when it started and if something was given to you around or at that time. If not then someone else in your house may have.
Hmmm. I would say if you piss it off then you're screwed like what Ellie said. Take it from me. I pissed off a demon before and I got seriously injured.  Just stay calm I guess. Hell if I know. I can't really give good advice for this.
I think youre all fucking nuts.
Thanks guys for the help and all... I have attempted to do all u have suggested, but it's really REALLY difficult not to piss off a demon. Learned that the hard way. I have unexplained marks on my body and they seem like scars. They are just... marks. They won't go away and there are many of them. My mom doesn't believe me. She laughs at the demon's mention. And I'm only 14 guys, I can't call up a pro. This sucks. It's ruining my life.
I can't see anything
Hope your doing better nowadays hon
Rather not answer


oh gawd it's a red circle!!!!! aaaaahhhhhh!!!!
I hide my demons in a closet. There they try and tell me what to do, so I then lock them inside the closet. When their voice scream through the locked door I throw the closet in a pound and watch it sink to the bottom.
Check it actually is a demon? I'm not saying it isnt , shit happened to me? I'm calling demon, but go to a psyk. Get a check up from the neck up, and if its not it'll go away, if not, ask it politely to leave, if that doesn't work you can run, or fight, or kneel and accept its patronage, or gods "salvation". 

Tip, don't do that last one,if its a stray sucubuss, it'll fuck with you until you're dead literally. 

P.s. if we're taking you too litteraly, and this is some human cunt trimg to fuck with you, message me and we'll sort it the fuck out.
Matty1881 so are you a real emo cause I have a couple questions I wanna ask is that okay with you?
didn't even know about this
The alternative society known as The Hive has decided to help look for her.
I should have updated this. She returned home after being gone for 9 months and her alleged kidnapper is being held on a million dollars bail, currently pending further court procedures. If you want to know more about the case, Google her name (in my original post). There is plenty of information about this on various news sites.
million dollar bail? jesus.
Umm hi I have a question if anyone is emo here I would like them To reply back so I am really interested Interested in the emo subculture but I don't pretty much know what it is so I would like someone to explain and while if anyone is explaining I need specific explanations examples like its about music,it's about style,etc.
I feel ya, I would be glad to help you out and have some personal conversations about your problems to make you feel better and make that pain go away. If you would like to add me and msg me im fine with that! -Bacon Cuddle:3 
Music. If you can't trust in anyone, trust in sound.
k
Buy one or buy all here at Thrifty Car sales right down here by the river. We have all you need to say hello world i have a new car. Stop by anytime and see our great selections in stock with our new kia soul just now 399 per month. We also have plenty of who gives a fuck to go around. Sales are going fast so stop in today and make a comment worth mentioning... SIGN UP NOW!
Butthurt over lack of butt... Makes me think about the time I purchased a pair of skinny jeans. They where my first pair in a long time cause I worked so hard to slim down. Imagine my frustrations cause it was all for nothing cause Beyonce made big butts trendy and I just got rid of my ass and then I wanted it back....
Just dont listen to her songs and boycott all that is hip hop


niki minaj is beast. i love her. her music better than whatever depressing shit you listen too
Wow. I'm really sorry.
Nah I didn't post this for people to be sorry, I just wanted to rant, Don't be sorry.
America, 'Land of the Free' is becoming the new North Korea.
If it wasn't for anime and the American greed, we wouldn't have much access to the outside world.
I just tried to find my favorite non-conformity picture. it was taken off the interwebs.
I tried to find the Facebook page I first found it on, Conspiracy Watchers. The page was taken down.
I looked for this image for my English final and turned to My Little Pony for the next best thing.
The photo I was searching for was a shirtless man staring at a large screen with a long list of what he can't do, how he should conform and at the bottom it says 'now say I am free'.
The absence of this photo proves to me what I've seeing most of my life:
that to be free in land of the free, you must abandon who you are and become one with the stream so it all flows smoothly.
Gandhi went against the grain, was abused, mocked and such until other saw he was right, that humans are individuals and we all have our freedoms.
MLP paraphernalia  was banned in a high school from being sported by boys due to homosexual related bullying, even though most who sported MLP backpacks, pins, belts and other accessories were straight.
This is the photo I'm using for my final:
Apparently the brony community has noticed what the masses have been trained to overlook.
I recently been put on 50mg tablets my others was only 20mg second worse to be treated with . but the dose is worrying me . does anyone else feel like this taking tablets eg:depression tablets
I also take tablets
1 300 Mg Seroquel (Anti-psychotic)
2 10.5 Mg Haloperidol (Anti-psychotic)
2 1.5 Mg Benzatropine (Required because I have Tremors)
1 Propranolol (Beta Blocker)
2 90 mg Cymbalta (Anti-depressant)
And thats about it
Theyre pretty expensive though, which is why I dont like taking them. Plus they make it hard for me to write on paper
I take Venlafaxine for depression and it works very well for me. Idk the dose right now but it's the largest capsule available once a day. I also take meds for other things. I don't worry about any of it but I do discuss any possible bad effects with my doctor and I check it out online too.
Thanks none of them tablets listed I'm on I was on fluoxtine I think my new ones are spelled sertraline at 50mg
Google it for side effects. Wikipedia usually has articles on most meds too. Then there's WebMD. There's also an app for that last one. I use it some.
I read the leaflet with my tablets . I hope it don't do what the other tablets did .
Tablets, for the mental state, aren't to be the only thing, some of them keep you afloat but you have to basically force yourself to 'get better' for whatever reason you were given them,
But most of them just leave you in a zombie like state, as if being high 24/7 is any better that why you got the pills. I hate that most pills are prescribed just to keep people complacent and to make a buck instead of actually help people
Some are actually worth taking though
I've been a slew of anti-psychosis, anti-depressants, muscle relaxers, damn just a ton of pills, in all kinds of meds, but none of them worked for long because I didn't really want them too, I wasn't ready to 'get better' (it's all perspective, only you can say what counts as better, not what anyone else wants to see)
Seroquel was a great one though, I almost believed my smile after a while..
There's nothing really wrong with it, so long as you feel you really need them and are trying to do things to aid the 'get better' process..
I've been on various medicines since I was 14 and I'm 21 now.
I'm currently taking Lamictal, Serequeol, and Clonazepam and they seem to help keep me stable for the most part.
If you feel uncomfortable with the dose you're on or are experiencing unpleasant side effects, it might be a good idea to talk with your doctor or psychiatrist.
Need someone to talk with me. Too much rage has built in me
excercise
Video games.
Music.
What the?
Take a pepper ... write everything
What exactly are you angry about? Maybe I could help.
Why are you mad? When I'm mad I get an egg carton and throw eggs at cars that are passing by not proud of it but it helps
Okay, so, please don't judge me. I am a girl, but I really want to be a boy. I started out as only being bisexual, but it's slowly turned into me being all the way gay. And that's okay, I'm fine with that. But, I want to be a boy and that worries me. I don't feel like a girl. I don't act like a girl. I don't like the same things as girls. And that makes me feel wrong. I know I would be judged and bullied more than I already am if I came out about that where I live. I can't just dress like a guy like I want to because people around here would fucking hate me for it (I live in the south, I know they would bully and hate me). I know that I shouldn't feel wrong about this, but I do. Can someone tell me what I should do about this? Like how do I become comfortable with this. Or how do I become a normal girl again? Please help me.
Dont be afraid of what people will do or say if you truly want to be a guy thats just who you are....i met someone this year who i thought was a guy it was only months later that i found out he was really a girl transgender to a guy to be gay. I didnt know "him" before high school but alot of people did and they sometimes make the mistake of calling him a she sometimes yes he does get bullied but he has his friends to make him feel wanted and loved. If you really. Feel like a guy try it to see if it feels right dont try to deny it to yourself.
i havent had much experience in this matter but it sound like you may have something 
on the lines of "gender identity dysphoria"
a psychological disorder where a person believes they are the opposite sex
so yea unless you're mentally strong enough to put up with the inevitable 
bullying and harassment you should keep it low for a bit or until you're done with
school heh... the best way to go about this is to seek professional psychological help
...blame everything on your still developing noggin heh
You dont have to be normal. Im a girl and I wear men clothes. I used to get bullied but thats who I was. I was not going to change because society didnt like me. And after people realized I didnt give a poop about what others were saying, I had people stick by me. Is it hard, yes. But.your a strong person. You dont have to hide it and you shouldnt have to hide it. Be you, you.would be surprised how many people will love you for it. Im from the south too, well, I was born in Canada but I.moved to Georgia for awhile now im back to Canada. lol. Just dont feel wrong. You already made your choice, so theres no reason to be scared. And if no one supports you, I do. Im here for you if you need anything. 
Hi,transexual here! 

KoalaOverlord hit it on the head, you have gender dysphoria, yo were assigned the wrong gender at birth, not that they ever asked you what you were or wanted to be, you can get help with this, go to a doctor, join trans fourms, and, be a guy, but if you don't have tits already, go to a docs, it'll be so much easier.
It's nothing to be worried about, sometimes the person inside doesn't match up with the vessel they were given. When I was 6, I told my mom I wanted to grow up to be a boy, lol, she laughed at me, but when I got home from school, she was really upset with me and I still don't get why, I mean parents say 'you can talk to us about anything' but they forget to say 'if I like the subject and can't claim to be busy'
But honestly, wanting to be a boy is boarder line normal, it doesn't change who you are, it's just showing more of who's in your head, ya know?
And side note: normal is out of te question, you're too unique for the such
Oh god yes. But I wish it wasn't true my life sucks rn I'm ad mad as the Hatter and as lost as Alice
I was just wondering for all you people who may have dreams about knowing whats gonna happen or you see ghost,shadows,orbs anything,this is important to me because i have the same problem~don`t be afriad to tell....
Sadly I do I inherited it really don't want to get into details " memo...
I was just wondering for all you people who may have dreams about knowing whats gonna happen My friend can do that. No, it's not a problem. It is a gift.
Sometimes i see shadows following me, and not my own, sometimes i hear voices in my head to, im really sensitive to ghosts, i have this one rare condition that like, 5% of the world population has where i can hear and feel EMF fields, and ghosts are made of EMFs, kinda annoys me when i go into an old building or my school and my ears just start getting this really high pitched buzz, and it feels like my veins are vibrating, one time i walked into the fort thats right by where i live (Fort Niagara) and i literally had to run out 5 minutes later because my ears hurt too bad because that place is infested with ghosts, after i got out i turned around and saw at least 10+ ghostly soldiers on the old ramparts, i turned and asked my friend if he saw anything and he said no
My friend can do that. No, it's not a problem. It is a gift. ok,i have it also,i know it`s a gift but mine go to bad dreams sometimes
Sometimes i see shadows following me, and not my own, sometimes i hear voices in my head to, im really sensitive to ghosts, i have this one rare condition that like, 5% of the world population has where i can hear and feel EMF fields, and ghosts are made of EMFs, kinda annoys me when i go into an old building or my school and my ears just start getting this really high pitched buzz, and it feels like my veins are vibrating, one time i walked into the fort thats right by where i live (Fort Niagara) and i literally had to run out 5 minutes later because my ears hurt too bad because that place is infested with ghosts, after i got out i turned around and saw at least 10+ ghostly soldiers on the old ramparts, i turned and asked my friend if he saw anything and he said no thats worse than mine,but im sorry you have to go though that
Meh, i got used to it, sometimes i talk to a random shadow when no one is around, seems like theyre the only ones that will ever listen to me
.....olol
I can do that but only sometimes, especially in old buildings or when im around the ouija board...my perants always tell me that im evol or have a demon attached to mee....
I can see ghosts, and feel their presence. I'm weird
I can fly for short a short amount of time. Some people confuse it with jumping but i'm sure i'm flying.
lololo how embarrasing
If I stare at someone really really hard I can make them void their bowels.
I can stop a speeding bullet. Once.
Thats so cool! Im going to try to make a smamich magically pop infront of me *concentrates really hard to the point of fainting* nope, no smamich, back to doing things the hard way....
I have these dreams that come true, I can usually sense when someone I love is in danger or see things in my dreams that hapen the next day. It's not dejavu it's a stronger feeling then that.
I've used a oujia board a few times, fuck that was scary. The demon like started to throw stuff around, never again will I use one
					
					

I have the ability to be pulled in by the earth's gravity and stay attached to its surface without floating out into space. Gravity: That's my physics ability.
I have dreams that come true. I hear and see things that no one else hears. Sometimes, if I'm alone, I talk to the spirits around me. It's kind of a tragically beautiful gift.
If I play with my tits long enough I can make it rain...
I can fly for short a short amount of time. Some people confuse it with jumping but i'm sure i'm flying. I used to be able to do that but I can't anymore...I think I'm losing my psychic abilities and I don't know how to tap into them! T_T
Be careful with this. Especially with sharing your experiences. You may come across ppl who would discourage you from telling about it ever again. But I don't wish you this. I've learnt that to most societies this is taboo. And on the other hand that in esoteric circles ppl... Well... Maybe you'll see it.
I was looking for some anserws one day. But then I realised that these ppl won't give me any reliable one...
i inheritad from my father the ability to feel peoples emotions and junk
i can suck alot sometimes
oh my sister has visions, like how we found out this one belonged to devil worshipers
fount out this one house belonged*
sorry for all the replys i really should of put this all into one
but be careful
don't mess with ouija boards
and ghosts can lie alot
i had a friend who could see ghosts and i became friends with all these people that have psychi abilities and such
it was fun for awhile
ghosts are not who the say they are
and sometimes trying to do psychic stuff makes you more vulerable to evil things
so please be careful
I can hear them, never seen them, to be totally honest.
Sometimes I can tell the gender or name of them without having any backstory.
But eh, maybe I'm just a crazy person xp
sometimes i'd think of a t.v. show...or movie...and the next day or some other time in the week...it would show...hmmmmmmmmm
I have the amazing ability to look into the present.
I can see shadows, sometimes ghost. or when I go to a hospital and pass by room or patients I can feel if they would make it or not. it's creepy that's why i hate going to hospitals. i think i inherited it from my mother's side.
If I play with my tits long enough I can make it rain...
You know, if the conditions are right and there is a stripper, I'll grab what i have in my change bucket and make it hail
LOL
yes...yes i do
basically the only thing ive noticed is be being able to sorta predict the future in a way.. not long-term predict, but like sometimes i can predict exactly what a person will say next. and they almost always do. or sometimes i can predict what will happen as an effect of something i do.. i dont know. its weird. i dont see it having any use though so its not a big deal lol
Well, sometimes I get random 5 second "vision" of random things. Like a clip of a kid's arm grabbing a pencil off the floor or someone tripping in The cafeteria. And a couple days later, the exact kid, in the exact place as my vision, picked up his pencil off the floor. In the exact same position I saw in my vision. 
Atleast that's my ability. Not sure if it's a gift or not 'cause I mean, I can't control it.
I can like think the future...yeah that seems legit xD
Yes i am able to see ghost and shadows. I kinda creep out my friend when ever a see and ghost or shadow, but thats just because i just randomly stop what im doing and just stare at the ghost or shadow. My parents just think i have a small attention span. But its not.
Sometimes i see things in my dreams like, this one time in a dream i looked down a slide then a couple days later  my i helped my sis move and i looked down the exact same slide. Then this other time i saw this really ripped lady in my dream and the next day i saw the same lady at the waterpark when i was with my friend
Yes I would have strange dreams and wake up scared for no reason, the first time I woke up I saw a dark entity levitating beside me and my eyes forced its self to look away from it. I also belief I posses a relationship with a succubus.
No but I can see what people are thinking and who they are by looking at their eyes. It weirds me out sometimes but its kind of cool.


Why the fuck is this in the 'Serious Discussion' Forum?
Why the fuck is this in the 'Serious Discussion' Forum?


Because this is some serious stuff
I feel like these kids have been watching WAY too much tv. 
Just saying.
i reached in a bag of snack bars i bought in the dark while driving and had on in my hand and knew exactly what one it was without seeing it. I wanted a different one =\
Everyone goes high after smoking weed.no wonder u feel like same.....lol


Sorry but I don't use drugs.
Not to burst anyone's bubble but anything is possible everything that is was or will be is possible sometimes what you feel or see maybe a sort of placebo effect but in some cases what you are feeling or seeing is real and is not just your mind playing tricks on you. Unless you have looked into a mirror and your reflection is not copying what you are doing, or know what is going to happen before it does or can do things with your mind that you can not explain or see people that you know for a fact are dead maybe you should have an open mind 

And FYI the flying thing is called astral projection. Xox
I'm able to see auras on people and animals as well.
I know when being lied to. Thats as far as my psychic abilities go.
I can only see things in the future when I'm completely relaxed so mostly when I sleep or meditate but it usually happens in a day or so after I predict it because I don't train myself to see further forward.
well i don't know if this is a psychic ability, EXTREMELY good intuition or coincidence, but there have been many times I have had dreams of significant things happening in my life that actually did happen up to three months later. These dreams are accompanied with either bad or good lingering feelings depending on what is to happen. My mom predicted so many things that when she says don't or do something that doesn't seem relevant at the time, I listen. Lol call me crazy but also I believe that spirits or "ghosts" are attracted to my family.
I'm an empath and I can sense energy anywhere, at anytime. I also see others' auras.
I usually foresee something tragic. Other then that  I don't know?
I'll dream about something and the next day something along the lines of that dream will happen
The guy I want more then anything..who used to be my best friend and basically lived with me.. wants nothing to do with me and has a girl kinda and will never ever like me and were not even friends really anymore. I lost that friend. Another guy iv liked won't be my friend either and blocked me actually. So that's two. I really cared about. Anyone who likes me is a total NO. The other guy doesn't seem to even wanna talk but even if we talk its always sex x.x ugh... And then I keep dreaming of Austin (my ex who turned out really really bad but I swear is my soulmate) every night...everything's so okay in the dreams... Then waking up so depressed its unreal...   I have no guy to make me feel okay at all. Iv been really upset two days now but today since its twice now I'm..really not okay. I have my friends at the park but.. Being high everyday since the breakup slowly doesn't help anymore. I can't be with him...but..I need to be.  Or even friends. I shouldn't want anything to do with him.. These dreams are torture.
get some decent friends. Start from scratch and do it right
you don't love them or think they are your soulmate...your feeling a freindship love and getting that shit mixed up
Okay first off, you need to sit back and accept the fact that he is in the past. If he was bad then why still hang up on him? Second off you need to move on with your life. Hanging over someone is hell, trust me I've done it before. it hurts like hell and all you do is cry all night. But thinking about the past and what could have been will slowly make you go insane. So just go with the flow. As for the other two guys, shit happens and tbh there might be shit you aren't telling us. Real friends don't just up and leave for no given reason. REAL best friends don't just become distant from you. So ponder on that for a moment. As for the prevy guy, tell him to gtfo. Cause he doesnt give a fly fuck about your heart. You need to sit back and make yourself happy for a change. Yeah having a guy around is nice and all, but you need to learn to be independent.  Guys can't stand dependency.  They like woman who can hold their own. So changes need to be made before you could even hope to find a decent guy that actually cares. And pshhh I dont know what you're talking about, getting stoned and drunk helped me a lot when I was in a spiraling hell hole for about a year. Granted I slowed down a lot the passed few months but that's because I learned to just get up and get over it. Everything will be alright in the end and once I came to that realization things did get better. A lot better actually. So just hold that head up high. You have plenty of life left. Just live it one step at a time annnnnd remember, "We all float on okay."
My advice, don't think this feeling will leave overnight. Obviously this boy(s) were important to you so leaving that feeling will seem unnatural. But if you want to feel better, look in the mirror and say "all I need is myself to be strong" until you believe it. Plus don't let their chains hang ya down, lift them up, throw them off you, and walk out of that room and into the light. Whatever you do, don't change who you are. You're awesome and if those guys can't see that their blind as hell and don't deserve someone who thinks like you do.
My advice, don't think this feeling will leave overnight. Obviously this boy(s) were important to you so leaving that feeling will seem unnatural. But if you want to feel better, look in the mirror and say "all I need is myself to be strong" until you believe it. Plus don't let their chains hang ya down, lift them up, throw them off you, and walk out of that room and into the light. Whatever you do, don't change who you are. You're awesome and if those guys can't see that their blind as hell and don't deserve someone who thinks like you do. 

Hes right. ^^^ You cant dwell on the paat, and yes, your always gonna have those good moments and those really crappy ones were you just have to break down but thats what will make you stronger. Just keep your head up. I went through the same sort of thing a couple of.months ago but im fine now. I realized he was just dragging me down because he needed someone with him to bring to hell. Just worry abput yourself. Hang with friends and do things for you. Take yourself out on dates. And one day, you'll find someone who is perfect. Maybe it will be this guy, maybe it will be some random guy you met at the movies. Just be patient and it.will happen, I promise. (: 
www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQ-2GV7l6kA
is this what its like? please give as much info as possible and also are there meny emos there?
Norway is cool. Lived there for a bit. If you are the average american, you will not fit in. At all.
Also, its super expensive, everything. Food, utilities, housing, clothes, everything.
And you will find it hard to get a visa. Especially a work visa, which you will need if you wanna work, which you will need to. Cus its expensive.
I don't understand people we all believe what we believe so why is it when I stop believing in something my entire town goes on a mission to get me saved because "You'll go to hell if you're not covered by the blood of the lamb" it's ridiculous I don't tell you what to believe in so what gives you the right to continuously harass me with all your views and beliefs. If I want to be an atheist I will what right have you to tell me I can't? If you're a Christian I'm sorry but me and God aren't exactly the closet of friends and my religion is none of your concern so if I die and do go to hell then it is my choice so just leave "the you have to believe this" crap alone alone please
Step one: Sacrifice a lamb.
Step two: Buy a paintbrush and smear it above their front doors.
Step three: Repeat until they leave you alone.
"...but God and me aren't exactly the closet of friends"
The closet of friends... o.O
On a side note of nitpicky technicality, I think an actual atheist would not speculate that they will potentially end up in Hell as a consequence of their anti-theology. I mean, don't atheists disbelieve the existence of deities and all thereby attached precepts such as Heavens, Hells, and flying dwarf-baby-pygmy people?
					
					

Cherubs! Cherubs are what I mean. Nailed it.
I'm a christian. This does not impact me. I agree with you. Done.
im a lusiferian and that doesnt mean im evil
Lul. Lucifer technically no longer exists. Used to be his name, used to be his nature. Not anymore.
its the name of the type of satanism i practice
Then your religion is extremely paradoxical and uninformed. Lucifer was the name of Satan, before he fucked up and was cast down from heaven. Then that name was stripped of him.
But I digress.
Yes but he still deserves that name he should have never been banished to begin with and who do you think you are rLking about my beliefs like this
OK, I'll bite. Explain to me why he should not have been banished, and hence, why he still deserves said name.
Its the internet, I dont need to be anybody to talk about anyone's religion or beliefs in any way I want.
religion is coolio...kinda like believing in magic
I was feeling lonely... So I kiked a girl and we started talking about our problems...
Me: no one loves me.
She: why?
Me: bc I'm ugly.
She: god loves you.
Me: I'm atheist ._.
She: that makes you uglier.
-I blocked her-
I don't understand people we all believe what we believe so why is it when I stop believing in something my entire town goes on a mission to get me saved because "You'll go to hell if you're not covered by the blood of the lamb" it's ridiculous I don't tell you what to believe in so what gives you the right to continuously harass me with all your views and beliefs. If I want to be an atheist I will what right have you to tell me I can't? If you're a Christian I'm sorry but me and God aren't exactly the closet of friends and my religion is none of your concern so if I die and do go to hell then it is my choice so just leave "the you have to believe this" crap alone alone please


Religion is the social equivalent of an epidemic.
Just wondering, I've seen this documentary movie with lot of evidence. And then believed they existed or they may still be alive somewhere hiding from humanity...So, what are your opinions?
no
Closest thing to it is an alligator.  But of course they don't breathe fire.
so no.
Not the way people usually think of them. Probably T. Rex or similar and then people made up stories that became legends. If a T. Rex were to appear now it would cause quite a stir. A Pterodactyl flying around would too. Think about it. Huge skin over bone wings flapping making a sound like loose sails on a boat. Creepy.
Yes because there basically a dinosaur just they may not have breathe fire
Alright. Anyone else?
tbh i laughed a little to see this in the serious discussion... Well No i don't feel like they have. Although apparently there is a very logical explanation for the possibilty of one breathing fire if they did.
The reason I put this in serious discussion was because I want to know your opinions. Also, dragons are almost spread worldwide with lot of things to know about them (or maybe none)
Would be cool if they did
agreed
Yeah...really cool
like how to train ypur dragon style
I WANT A PET DRAGON
like toothless?
Yes!!!
I didn't think they did, but now I know that not only did they once exist, they still do. I know. I came across one. Right here on EP. Breathing fire too, and growling.
I didn't think they did, but now I know that not only did they once exist, they still do. I know. I came across one. Right here on EP. Breathing fire too, and growling. Who might that be?
really dont think so they r just imaginations. what ever u imagine u wish it to be real
no
Hm.
Well, dragons are considered mythological. 
Originally, people believed in quite a few cultures, that their ancestors encountered actual dragon-like creatures. These stories were passed down from generation to generation.
Then archaeologists came along and found dinosaur fossils, which at first was believed to be the remains of dragons. But as time progressed even more, technology progressed and paleontology was born. Their result: these were dinosaur remains. But moreover, they discovered that dinosaurs were extinct long before the beginning of humanity. So these self-told heroic tales, passed down for centuries, were more than likely fabricated or exaggerated. It makes sense, because though a lot of cultures believed in dragon-like creatures, their descriptions sometimes differed. In some myths, dragons were miles long, and in others they were maybe.. 10 feet, tops. Some lived in forests, some underwater and some in ruins or caves. Its inconsistent.
Maybe dragons existed at one point. But I highly doubt they flew around, breathed fire, lived in caves protecting treasure, and ate people. Maybe they were just gigantic kimodo dragons or gators?
					
					

I think dragons do exist
have some fairy dust
dragon slayer magic...
o.o
Im Mel. I was born in Puerto Rico. I have 5 older brothers and a little sister, theyre all my half siblings.
I was always spoiled, always given what I needed but always complained. My parents got fed up and sent me to live with my aunt and uncle in the states. They taught me how to grow up. They taught me how to hotwire a car, how to pay bills, how to play guitar, how take shots without chasers, they even helped me out on my drawing.
They helped me become who I am today. They helped me become a better person. They always taught me to not judge someone, to care about people (even if you dont know them), and to always be myself and to never change.They worked me like hell though. But Im still very much grateful to them and I am still very close with my family today.
colormegone:3
you forgot to mention the part where we get married and have 99 babies
I'm Melissa.
My dad grew up in Italy from birth until the age of 13, when he and his family moved to Sydney, Australia. My mum was born and lived in Germany until the age of 15 when she moved to Ismir, Turkey with her family (they're originally Turkish). Anyways. My parents met on a Turkish Airlines 747 plane, my mother was a flight attendant and my father was, and still is a pilot. My dad lived in America, and that is how my older sister and I ended up being born in Seattle, Washington. At the age of 3, I moved to Sydney, Australia and joined my Italian family. I attended the same public primary school that my dad, my aunts and uncles went to. I now go to a Catholic private high school, although I am an Atheist. In all seriousness, it's a pretty good school in terms of education and learning resources. I have many friends across all grades, 7-12.
ok, so the day of silence is coming up soon and I thought I'd make a vlog about it for the people who are unaware of this day. you guys should check it out
Um ok
ok so i caught the new criss angel show "believe" on tv and he has changed so much o.o he chopped off nearly all his hair and he changed the type of clothes he wears.... it's weird to see him look.... so normal. I mean i do still think he's awesome because well he's awesome but i really do miss his old look D:
but I do agree he looked pretty awesome with his old hairstyle and fashion sense... especially from season 1!
but I do agree he looked pretty awesome with his old hairstyle and fashion sense... especially from season 1! 


yea i know. i still think he is amazing and all. but yea. i favor season 1 looks xD
And this is under Serious Discussion because... ?
BECAUSE ITS CRISS ANGEL BRO... when his around shit gets cereal
BECAUSE ITS CRISS ANGEL BRO... when his around shit gets cereal


for realz bro xD
I miss the old criss
As I sit here, staring into the darkness. Not the darkness caused by the sun hiding itself on the other half of the earth. No, i'm staring into the darkness that is life itself. The life that has tried so hard to bring me down, drove me to the brink of insanity. The life that has given me so many nice things, only to pry them from my cold bloody hands. The life that has tormented me endlessly. The life that has shoved my face into the teachings of multiple false gods, turning my mind to the evil of satanism, becoming a disappointment to christian family. The life that forces me to watch the fear filled eyes on the faces of all I hold close as I slit my wrists, using the sweet tasting blood to draw pentagrams and "infinity crosses" on my walls, only to wake up with no memory of the previous actions. The life that leaves me broken, bleeding in my corner, pleading for the voices to go away, for the hooded figures to stop screaming at me. To be a normal person. Not plagued with the troubles of psychosis. The severe depression. As I sit here in this darkness. I wonder what the purpose is. What is life's reason for putting me through this. Why does it leave me with this loneliness. Damned to roam the world with no friends to help me. I wonder why I still fight on no matter how hopeless things look, after all, i was only born to die anyway.
Uhh. Im not sure what to say.
Tbh this is incredibly shallow thinking.

poetic
you should be a writer
This seems a good idea
I approve of this post. But I would also consider it important to not just be kind, compassionate and caring, but also shoot them straight with things. Which occasionally means tough love.
I approve of this post. But I would also consider it important to not just be kind, compassionate and caring, but also shoot them straight with things. Which occasionally means tough love.


Agreed. Which is why I show brutal honesty.
r u free tonight?
I'm free whenever you need me to be. Just send me a message.
you sir..... are awesome.... thank you!
You're most welcome.
Are you...dressed up like a clown?
Why yes. Yes I am.
I suppose that's a problem if you have Coulrophobia (Fear of Clowns).
But really, I do Special FX Make-up for some films and movies when I'm not working/studying.
You realize people might find it hard to pour their heart out to a clown, right?
^
I've put thought into changing my image, and I will be doing so soon.
Although even I was surprised at the amount of people who have, and are continuing, to message said clown.
I'm surprised at the number of people that continue to tolerate the existence of painted up clowns. But, it takes all types I suppose.
Humans are a very tolerable species.
Hence the issue of overpopulation.
Thank you so much for your advice. You've helped me so much. You're so easy to talk to.
I'm glad my advice helped.
Nice to see someone else interested in Psych. I perfer Clinical Psych though.
I prefer clinical psych over neuropsychology as well, but knowing the latter helps understand the former.
I suggest this to everyone! It really helps. Thanks again.
If anyone wants to talk you can always pm me
I'm happy you feel better, Ddraig. 
You're a good artist, by the way.
I'm happy you feel better, Ddraig. :)You're a good artist, by the way. Thanks
sometimes its really hard for me and I feel lost. I wish I had somebody to talk to as a friend
i put this whole thing to natural selection. id she didn;t do stupid things this never would have happened.
Well...don't really know what to say...Me my self was on the edge of also doing it cause of school problems.People who end their lives...cause of bullying...actually that makes me angry cause its sad in mostly but i alsy kinda envy of them for having the courage which I did not have...
To be honest I think it's ridiculous, people only really gave a crap because she was 'pretty' and she made a heartfelt video before killing herself. Millions of kids and adults kill themselves and no one gives a shit, what's worse is that the vast majority of people that are licking this dead kids ass have at some point in their existence been worse than shit to their peers. It's hypocritical. Loss of life is a shame, but she's dead. It should only really matter to her family and friends, her death isn't a statement, it's just a statistic.
the vast majority of people that are licking this dead kids ass
Exactly, everyone is kissing this girls ass because she was pretty. If anything this story should be more about what happens when you show random pricks your rack over the internet what could happen, not about bullying. However I'm not that heartless and I feel a little bad that people wouldn't give her a second chance. (but at the same time I feel like this chick would just do it over again)
Exactly, everyone is kissing this girls ass because she was pretty. If anything this story should be more about what happens when you show random pricks your rack over the internet what could happen, not about bullying. However I'm not that heartless and I feel a little bad that people wouldn't give her a second chance. (but at the same time I feel like this chick would just do it over again)And i don't understand what are you trying to say...ugly , beautiful , bad , nice , good or evil suicide is probably the worst way to go.Might not be the most painful phisicly but it is most painful mentally.I feel bad for each no matter of the type of person.Guys don't always agree with a girl or are on her side cause she is ''pretty''.
I'm saying that she's getting a lot of sympathy because she's a beautiful girl. But there are stories way worse out there, and she brought this one on her self. I mean, yes people took it way too far. Sure I feel bad for her too, if she needed a friend I would be there for her regardless of what she did. I just don't think that this should be about bullying it should be about what happens when girls do shit like this to feel pretty. That should be the message being sent out, have self respect, and don't parade your body everywhere because your beautiful regardless.
i see your point.
It wasn't 'one little mistake'. There are about... 8 or 9 pictures of her flashing her breats and genetalia.
tbh. i dont give a shit. im so tired of hearing about this. I actually laughed when i heard about it. Whose stupid enough to flash themselves on a camm? its her fault honestly, she shouldnt have shown her tits. Its her problem. If an adult went ahead and killed themselves for that. people would probably say 'they're grown, they should have known better' well, look at her she's almost 'grown' and she barely have common sense. I know someone told her showing your naughty bits on camm is a no no! its one of the first things my mother ever told meh when i started camming. 
Tons of people go through way more shit then she did and they dont have a fucking fb page and shit -___- this may have come of as mean but i dont care. at all. Its all her fault. She should have stopped and thinked about how her actions would affect her in the future. We Dont Show Naughty Bits On Camm! Honestly, her death will change nothing. Just another person who got tired of fighting. 

Also, bullying can never be stopped. Like EVA, its impossible imo. Everyones a bully, whether they mean to be or not. Anything you say can come off as a insult to someone. Yeah bullyings bad, I get that but its going to happen anyway. People may feel bad about Amanda today and tomorrow go insult someone. Its futile, bullying cant be stopped. ._. its like trying to stop the rain from falling. Its going to happen whether you want it to or not. I honestly think people need to pull thier heads out thier ass's and face the facts. This World Is Fucked. 

Shit Be Crazy Yo.
However I'm not that heartless and I feel a little bad that people wouldn't give her a second chance.The world is heartless. You don't get another try at life.tbh. i dont give a shit. im so tired of hearing about this. I actually laughed when i heard about it. Whose stupid enough to flash themselves on a camm? its her fault honestly, she shouldnt have shown her tits. Its her problem. If an adult went ahead and killed themselves for that. people would probably say 'they're grown, they should have known better' well, look at her she's almost 'grown' and she barely have common sense. I know someone told her showing your naughty bits on camm is a no no! its one of the first things my mother ever told meh when i started camming.Tons of people go through way more shit then she did and they dont have a fucking fb page and shit -___- this may have come of as mean but i dont care. at all. Its all her fault. She should have stopped and thinked about how her actions would affect her in the future. We Dont Show Naughty Bits On Camm! Honestly, her death will change nothing. Just another person who got tired of fighting.Also, bullying can never be stopped. Like EVA, its impossible imo. Everyones a bully, whether they mean to be or not. Anything you say can come off as a insult to someone. Yeah bullyings bad, I get that but its going to happen anyway. People may feel bad about Amanda today and tomorrow go insult someone. Its futile, bullying cant be stopped. ._. its like trying to stop the rain from falling. Its going to happen whether you want it to or not. I honestly think people need to pull thier heads out thier ass's and face the facts. This World Is Fucked.Shit Be Crazy Yo.I agree, everyone makes such a big deal when some girl kills herself because people were bullying her for showing her personal body parts on web cam, but when a child kills themself for living in an abusive enviroment nobody cares. The world doesn't care about us it doesn't do anything to us it's the people in it that tears us to pieces and if your ignorant enough to do what this Amanda girl did then you don't evan deserve the joy of suicide. Forgive me for saying this but it seems someone who killed herself over people seeing her tits got more attention then a thirteen year old that killed herself because her father raped and beat her kinda fucked up don't you think.I'm not heartless I'm logical there is more people in the world that deserve your attention then some girl who was old enough to know not to put that stuff on the web.
If you don't care that she comits suicide well... I mean... you talk about suicide too much and your depression, and how your life is a dramatic soap opera that you want to turn to selling drugs and running off with the money yadda yadda... but you can still critisize this  girl for taking her own life?


There was a girl in the middle east who made national headlines recently because she wanted an education, She wanted women in her country to go to school and she spoke out in thier rigths go attend....so the taliban targeted her and shot her. Now theres a girl that I will praise. Thats a girl who earns my respect. Her fellow women live in the worst conditions. Being forced into prostitution, Being married off to elderly men while they are as young as nine years old! Being beaten to death without justice. Living in fear everyday but they don't go killing themselves off when they sit in jail without any medical treatment after they where raped by a man and are accused of adultery. This girls wanted all the right things for Everyone, not just herself!

But you just care about this Amanda... this weak ass punk who lived in a nice house had food on her plate, had clothes on her back and she thougth her problems where so trivial and worth dying over when theres children straving in china....  well she gets no sympathy from me. She's no hero in the feat against cyber bullying just another stupid kid that lost. she is not worth brining up. She did nothing worthy of my attention. She only cared about her feelings about whats gonna happen to her. She is selfish.
If you don't care that she comits suicide well... I mean... you talk about suicide too much and your depression, and how your life is a dramatic soap opera that you want to turn to selling drugs and running off with the money yadda yadda... but you can still critisize this  girl for taking her own life?There was a girl in the middle east who made national headlines recently because she wanted an education, She wanted women in her country to go to school and she spoke out in thier rigths go attend....so the taliban targeted her and shot her. Now theres a girl that I will praise. Thats a girl who earns my respect. Her fellow women live in the worst conditions. Being forced into prostitution, Being married off to elderly men while they are as young as nine years old! Being beaten to death without justice. Living in fear everyday but they don't go killing themselves off when they sit in jail without any medical treatment after they where raped by a man and are accused of adultery. This girls wanted all the right things for Everyone, not just herself!But you just care about this Amanda... this weak ass punk who lived in a nice house had food on her plate, had clothes on her back and she thougth her problems where so trivial and worth dying over when theres children straving in china....  well she gets no sympathy from me. She's no hero in the feat against cyber bullying just another stupid kid that lost. she is not worth brining up. She did nothing worthy of my attention. She only cared about her feelings about whats gonna happen to her. She is selfish.Afghanistan is Part of Middle East ? I wonder about that...
Pakistan.
Ah yes. Sorry mixed things up. But  pakistan is not part of it either.

But that doesnt matter. Yeah that girl malala deserves the respect and support of many which will help a whole nation. On the othee hand, what would feeling pity for a girl who took her life foolishly benefits for us ?
I also couldn't give a fuck. But all these picture on facebook and pages using it for likes that fucking sick.
O__o'   That moment on youtube when you see a Jessi slaugther bully/hater crying for amanda todd and being anti bullying....
If you don't care that she comits suicide well... I mean... you talk about suicide too much and your depression, and how your life is a dramatic soap opera that you want to turn to selling drugs and running off with the money yadda yadda... but you can still critisize this  girl for taking her own life?There was a girl in the middle east who made national headlines recently because she wanted an education, She wanted women in her country to go to school and she spoke out in thier rigths go attend....so the taliban targeted her and shot her. Now theres a girl that I will praise. Thats a girl who earns my respect. Her fellow women live in the worst conditions. Being forced into prostitution, Being married off to elderly men while they are as young as nine years old! Being beaten to death without justice. Living in fear everyday but they don't go killing themselves off when they sit in jail without any medical treatment after they where raped by a man and are accused of adultery. This girls wanted all the right things for Everyone, not just herself!But you just care about this Amanda... this weak ass punk who lived in a nice house had food on her plate, had clothes on her back and she thougth her problems where so trivial and worth dying over when theres children straving in china....  well she gets no sympathy from me. She's no hero in the feat against cyber bullying just another stupid kid that lost. she is not worth brining up. She did nothing worthy of my attention. She only cared about her feelings about whats gonna happen to her. She is selfish. maybe so. but food and housing an all that stuff is the perk of living in a county like america. Americans tend to be over dramatic it would've been like the holocaust to her. if only her parents bred a stronger child
. Everyones a bully, whether they mean to be or not. Anything you say can come off as a insult to someone. Yeah bullyings bad, I get that but its going to happen anyway. People may feel bad about Amanda today and tomorrow go insult someone. Its futile, bullying cant be stopped. ._. its like trying to stop the rain from falling. Its going to happen whether you want it to or not. I honestly think people need to pull thier heads out thier ass's and face the facts. This World Is Fucked..I couldn't agree with this more.
It's pretty sad she comitted sucide,but tbh she brought that own her own. But seriously what makes people think by posting R.I.P pics on facebook of her and stuff like this "why ppl need 2 stop bullying" is not going 2 make ppl stop bullying. NOT ONLY SOCIETY IS FUCKED UP THE  WAY PPL KEEP CONSTANTLY BULLYING IS FUCKED UP ALSO. Getting people to stop bullying is like me tryin not 2 cut my wrist every depressing moment.
Exactly, you can't stop all bullying, like when she slept with that kid that had a girlfriend, and his girlfriend jumped her. THAT is not bullying that's getting what's coming to her, if some slutbag slept with my boyfriend I'd kick her ass too.

Honestly, society is mourning over Amanda Todd for absolutely no reason. Don't get me wrog, I'm not trying to be mean. I feel sorry for her, but I'm not going to go all out and make huge memorials. What about all the other kids that have committed suicide? What about the kids who are still being bullied? I think it's time for society to pull it's head out of Amanda Todd's corpses ass, and focus on the problem that's still living. Amanda Todd is dead, no one can help her anymore okay? Let's focus on the fact that there are other kids still being bullied!! There are other kids that have committed suicide. Why can't anyone realize this?
It was her own fault. She shouldn't have killed herself over the INTERNET. Only a fool would do that.
Exactly!! I'm not saying suicide is cowardly, but the way she did it almost was. It makes me feel like she only did it for attention.
PLP SAY AMANDA TOOD IS A SLUTTY BITCH  CUZ SHE FLASHED HER BOOBS
AND YEAH YEAH SHA LA LA LA LA AMANDA TODD IS A ROLEMODEL... SHE AIN'T FOR ME -.-
the whole amanda todd thing is under-rated :/ sad but still
the whole amanda todd thing is under-rated :/ sad but still
I think you might mean overrated....?
I think you might mean overrated....?
yeah omfg lol XD
not trying to say she didn't have any mistake but she got bullied for her past mistakes and couldn't start a new life because of her past!in my opinion it's cruel!she got famous after killing herself!so practically it has no use for her now while that attention could save her and a lot of people who are not alive anymore. a lot of people stayed anonymous but i see no difference between them and Amanda Todd.!.
the thing im trying to say is it was a story of a person.why don't you see her as a person instead of a pretty girl that got famous because of her face?what's the point of a dead person in such a story being pretty or not!
if she was ugly would you say why do they bring ugly people higher or why did they just talk about black people?isn't it kinda pointless to think about such differences in suicide?
the video on youtube made a lot people see her pain from her point of view.many people didn't have a chance for that.but..it's not about the person being pretty,ugly or a girl or boy or being black or not..it's just about someone's ending her life.i think instead of Amanda Todd it could be anyone else!just the video made her story known.
but yeah i agree that it's been overrated.
					
					

I've got to say that yes it is a sad loss to lose some one to suicide no one should haft to resort to that. Even this I've tried to end my own life 3 time  but yes the only reason she glorified for it was (a) she was pretty and ( she made a video explaining why she was doing it. And to end your life because of your own f$@k up is pointless 
The only reason I tryed was because I had be bullied all through primary school and yrs 7,8 & 9 at high school, had just lost a family member to cancer and 1 year later had my mother diagnosed with it:( ( she's still fighting it its been 3years but staying strong ) yes people try/do commit suicide for different reasons but no matter what reason no one should get praze or glory for it
our government is be coming corrupted and so is everything is in the world can we stop no cause we will get arrested which is stupid
Obama is stupid
You can run for Congress and try to propose bills or potential new laws... That might contribute to changing the corruption, at least a little...
Legalize Weed.
Problem solved.
I actually like Obama. Ahahaha.
I don't agree with some of the things that President Obama does but the alternative is much worse, IMO. He seems to care about people and that's most important of all.
organize a youth revolt
come at me NSA
It's called Eau De Bitch and it's a naturally occurring fragrance.
The world looks like a good place to live in; in the eyes of a rich successful person. The world looks like the worst place to live in; in the eyes of a unsuccessful person. Not all people live a happy life, but a hard life. Everyone thinks about their life and how they feel about it. They think of themselves most of the times not all the time, but most of the times. Some think about their problems and blame it on the world or themselves. Has anyone ever thought about on others or the world itself that we live in. Has anyone notice on how much we pollute the air? I realized that most humans don't think about the world, but in their perception their world. Has anyone notice that everyday there are cars everywhere you go. Has anyone realized how many people use their car often? Think about it. Millions of people using car fuel almost everyday. Then think about the future if we keep using car fuel as years progress. Think about your surroundings too. We are changing the world itself for our own uses. We are replacing trees for stores, streets, etc. It's a fact that all people don't think clearly. We mostly think of ourselves. I even think about myself more than others. If everyone was to think really hard and clearly then they would notice that we are killing our own home planet. If everyone was to care about the world then the world would be a better place to live in both successful or unsuccessful. I admire nature mostly because it will always be there unless we keep harming the world. We don't need to rely on cars to keep progressing faster. All we doing is progressing disaster for the world and ourselves. Money has no power, the government has no power, but the people have the power. For example, say the gun is the government. The government was formed by the people so was the gun. The gun has power if we give it power. People gave the government power. The gun wont work unless we pull the trigger. Were giving the government its power. We can take that power away like the gun by removing the bullets from the clip. We control the world not the government, president and not even God. I didn't capitalize government or president because i don't respect them. God doesn't control the world. God is more like a watcher from above. He is testing us by our decisions that we make. I know some don't believe in God, but we all need something to believe in to have a purpose in life. Without believing on something then that makes our life worthless. Nobody knows what it is like in the other world. What matters is that were alive today and we can still change our fate. My point is, think less of yourself and more on others and by others i mean people who are struggling with life. You should not praise your ideals because they're still humans and no different than us. We can do what they can do if we put effort to it. To be honest, i hate my life because i think about my life. Left some friends, different, lonely, kinda poor, no dad, not satisfied with life. I sometimes wish i could be dead because life isn't going too well for me. People who suffer more are stronger than those who don't. Suffering actually prepares us for life. Its an actual fact. This whole thing is just my opinion but feel free to disagree and i'm not a good writer so just putting it out there if you see any mistakes in my grammar. I could go on but i'm not a writer just a thinker.
Great post for the most part.
Thanks
tl;dr
For me, I'm addicted to blesding almost, of death. What about you?
i have a lot but pickles
im addicted to chocolate,music,tv,and lots of other stuff
Porn.
Smooth
tea
Food.
popsicles
Peanut butter :3
kellin quinns voice
Monster Rehab.
at least im not the only one.....
Coffee,
cookies,
cake,
Oreo,
pickles,
icing,
anime,
manga,
Everything,
~(^.^~)
For me, I'm mostly addicted to music! CX
Mmm. I have alot.....pizza, Mountain Dew, chocolate, Nutella, PORN, anime, video games, boys!!!, girls!!!!, transies!!!, (yes. I'm addicted to ppl too  ) uhm.....what else? Me. I think that's it lol
internet
internet oh! ...and I'm addicted to Jem  lol jk
food making music making bass patches looking at my reflection and writing
my name is devon and im an addict to iwrestledateddybearonce
Cutting
New addiction sleep listing to music then sleep again eat then sleep
Music, sleeping, reading, video gaming, and food.
Fire
Metin2
Hugs and bittersweetcandy
street food
girls
masturbation
wine
weed
crack
swimming
sex
petting animals
trolling
beating strangers, cops
uhu.....thats it


Porn 
All hale the porn queen
Weed meth music sleep reading sleep oh and did I mention. SLEEP
Monster, Music, and something kinda sad....
Music. Monster. Weed.
Silence...yes, silence
Ay people am new here,was a drug addict,now its jst tnkin of death
Coffee, internet, music, piercings, jewelry.
Music,cutting,internet,piercings,tattoos,anime, pictures of Andy Biersack, colorful hair,pandas,waffles,giant stuffed animals,pillows and lots more I can't think of.
Cigarettes. 
Shopping.
My Gamecube.
falling in love
nicotine & lemon stimulant drinks. :
Music and video games
Learning.
Psychology.
Human Behaviour.
.... Making people smile.
Learning.
Psychology.
Human Behaviour.
.... Making people smile.
same
drugs porn cheeze
tUrTlE cHiLd sOulS
Daydreaming. Being Romantic. Reese's cups!
Something that is discouraged by Emopuddle. (No its not anything illegal, its just more of an iffy subject here on the forums)
Alice Madness Returns
Psychology. (Studying to be one, feel free to refer any questions about Psychopathology if you want)
Computers
Calculus (Its kind of a fun subject. I understand most of the basic principals, but I have a hard time doing the actual algebra.)
Im sure theres more but these are all the ones I can think of at the moment.
CHEESE PASTY'S ! , Music , hugs , Love ,
Music, nutella, monsters, waffles, weed 
sherlockkkkkk and tigger..
and you know, food. yum yum in my tum
Coffee, cars, tits.
Food, spinning objects, tea, wallyball
music among other things
Emo Puddle
smoking , chess , tea and lets not forget lonliness
Anime, internet, animals, music, coffee, and cupcakes.
I'm addicted to reading absurd posts by people who live to find any and every possible avenue to attack emo on an emo site. In other words, trolls, antagonists and people who hate the fact that they are, or were in any way ever, connected to emo. Too funny.
MAJOR internet addiction
Umm, dragons and fantasy
Cheesecake  would live on that stuff
Feet
Grumpy cat meems.
internet, books, allegory, observing everything (not like scientifically), writing crappy stories and shitty poetry, music (specially Linkin Park), talking, making friends...
I'm addicted to care/love, meaning my heart breaks for so many people so much, I am NOT one of those people who "love all" idiots, I'm a person who see life how it is "desperate man do desperate things" thousands are dieing we want to stop violence put an end to poverty, it's just sad and we turn so many blind eyes and people are driven to violence and desperation because they can't feed there wife and kids... How can we become so consumed with these useless things, so far as to be addicited when so many are dieing... My addiction is care, or it's my fatal flaw that i'd lay down my life for anyone, why? Because such an act of love would change someone's life, i give away a lot of my stuff, why? Because people don't understand such love. "I don't like the world" i said once my friend say "then change it" and so I can't fully explain why, but i fight this world and everything it tries to tell me, like life is about money and power and being "cool" it's just cool-aid that will kill you, conform you... make you numb to the thousand of screams of those who have no food or who roam the streets because they were abandonded... Just sad,
i have to say peace tea i now every flaver they have and i drink them every day i will have like 10 in one day i cant stop like my friends they have moanster i have peace tea
Im addicted to music
Breathing. I just can't seem to stop. Lol
i have to say peace tea i now every flaver they have and i drink them every day i will have like 10 in one day i cant stop like my friends they have moanster i have peace teaEvery flavor?
That razzleberry shit is disgusting. 
I love Caddy Shack though.
Writing poetry
I inject 8 marijuanas a day.
TV and chocolate
Music , books , cheese pasty's , wotsits , chocolate and goats O.O ohhhhh and the word 'Groovy'
Bootay.
Bootay. Dat bootaaay.
I'm absolutely addicted to this game on Cod: ghost called 'infecfed' on multiplayer online. I don't usually play cod, but this one just gets me so frustrated everytime I get under 20 kills. ARRGH.
Gerard Way
he is my husband.
Cocaine
anyone else interested? what are your thoughts on it? im curious to see what others think about it.
Dum.
Dum.


DUM
I don't touch what could potentially have me running out of my house screaming "OH HELL NO FUCK THIS BRO!!!"
Lmfao Remix.
I believe that demons are real, and i believe in a lot of witch craft stuff. That it is real, and it is also not something that I wish to associate myself with. It's not that it does anything physically damaging, or what, but I personally believe that it does things to our souls, and I don't feel like having mine tarnished...
I want to be a vet. Yep.
Psychologist or I.T. Maybe both.,
What I want to be and what I do for work are two different things, I support what I want to be with my work.
Some think to do with music may that be being in a band or what ever but music all the way .
Maybe a Sociologist, if I can make a career out of that
No idea tbh
I wanted to be a water treatment specialist. I ended up managing a trendy cupcake store front.
I want to be a writer/ Photographer. 
I would like to be able to help people who are going through what I have been through with my experiences I have had in life.
i wanna be a dragon slayer or maybe a lion
Clinical Psychologist.
Specializing in Neuropsychology and Mental Health.
Currently working in a Children & Teens hospital as a counsellor, as well as studying twin Psychology degrees at Uni, so I'm getting there.
Clinical Psychologist.
Specializing in Neuropsychology and Mental Health.
Currently working in a Children & Teens hospital as a counsellor, as well as studying twin Psychology degrees at Uni, so I'm getting there.



Good luck, you're going to see a lot of dark and ugly things that good intentions and optimism haven't perpared you for.
Either a high school english or history teacher, I've already started to apply to colleges with majors in English, teaching, and history, suuu yeah ^.^
batman
A journalist or be in the police
A journalist or be in the police 


SH** ITS THE POLICE!!!!
MANAGER OR ARMY

I did want to be a pro wrestler at one point but considering the amount of effort, the pain, the scummy people involved, I'm sticking to being a fan 

we could have been a tag team .-. Stardust and cheesus kicking butt .. But i see how it is o.o
Oh yeahhhhhh !
to have my band,model,and batman
hey hey, i already called that. There can only be one
Hey hey, i already called that and there can only be one =P Teashop owner by day, Batman by night.
Teashop owner by day, Batman by night. 


*Batgirl
=D
I want to work with animals, but want to head down the animal psychology side of things
massage therapist and maybe something that has to do with art or ASL
Why do we have crushes on people? It means many different things and I know my awnser, but I want to hear from u guys to see what u believe. Why do we Crush on people?
Why do we have crushes on people? It means many different things and I know my awnser, but I want to hear from u guys to see what u believe. Why do we Crush on people?


...Cause we like them and/or want their attention?
...o..k... True... but why? What do u find so good in them that makes you have compassion for this special people(s)?
Are you just refering to crush in the manner of physical attraction? That's easy. It's called hormones. 

Why? Our genetic predisposition of course. Human nature to put it simply. 


If your talking about actual love, you wont get you answer here unless by some chance you find a couple thats been together for over 20 years. 

Teens are to naive, too reckless when it comes to relationships. They are still in the early puppylove stages. They always make the mistake of taking it so seriously it pretty much will mold the kind of partners and person they are in the future.
Are you just refering to crush in the manner of physical attraction? That's easy. It's called hormones. Why? Our genetic predisposition of course. Human nature to put it simply. If your talking about actual love, you wont get you answer here unless by some chance you find a couple thats been together for over 20 years. Teens are to naive, too reckless when it comes to relationships. They are still in the early puppylove stages. They always make the mistake of taking it so seriously it pretty much will mold the kind of partners and person they are in the future.
That must explain my perpetual state of singularity. Bahahahaha
i don't believe older people even use the word crush.. maybe theres a reason
k
Aww. Puppy love. 
thats cool n all but if its a huge difference with your viewpoint on life based on just being with someone, you may want to consider the actual reasons and think why you couldnt be that way without him. I dont mean that in a "because hes perfect" scenario but for me personally i feel that although its great to have a loving person in your life, dont focus 100% of yourself to them. Think about how your lifestyle will be affected if it ends.. Should it be?
That's good.
Say if u didn't tell your parents/guardians u have an account on here
Why would my parents care?
No they do not! (i'm such a badass)
Hahaha.
My parents didnt know, they found out, freaked, and told me to delete my account, I pretended I did, and still obviously go on here
I paid for it. I paid for the wifi, my tablet, I pay my electricity.
So i guess I have to tell on myself to me that I go on ep.
you should be ashamed
I am an adult. My parents are adults. We generally stay the hell out of each others personal lives.
EDIT: I've found out what whorish means (through the internet). ( whorish: adjective
1. having the character or characteristics of a whore; lewd; uchaste.
					
					

What a very interesting interview...lol
Slut shaming/calling someone a whore is so wrong hahahaha. People need to grow up a bit, geez.
I guess I'm a sexpot cause I gotta know before hand if I'm sexually compatible to my potentials. But I'd be depraved rather then say "I love you" XD
So much laughter.
^Not a useful contribution, I know.
Explain this to me, sisters;
I walk into Marshall Fields with a friend. She's 5'3" and 160 pounds.
Nobody flinches, there's no pointing or gawking. No snickering behind hands or covert eye rolling. Who knows what goes on after they wrap up her purchases and leaves, sure but while she's browsing scarves and making small talk, the friendly female sales staff finds her her size in 15 different colors and styles, cordially, civilly, kindly.
She's a sister. She has her struggles.
I'm 5'4" and only graze 110 in Timberlands.
I'm built like a rip cord, I have been all my life due to my pituitary disorder.I work out a little put I cant develope any muscle definition. I try to eat right. I like being healthy. It's not easy when your brain can't produce the growth hormones you require and your metabolism is way high. You think I wanna be a twig? Think I wouldn't just love to be thick and curvy and badass like my sisters and cousins. You look at them and you know they mean business, nobody ever fucks with them. We are all pretty intimidating in our own degree but I don't have the total package. I don't have the legs, boobs, ass, bronze skin to compliment the fierce Latina half of my heritage.
What kind of customer service do I get? I get, "Oh, we're going to have to go in to negative numbers on the size chart... hahaha"
I get, "My God, don't you ever EAT?"
I get, "You can try 'Junior Petite' and just let out all the hems, and pull off all the bunny and umbrella duck decals."
I get, "A strong wind would just about blow you away!"
I get, "I'm so jealous! I wish I didn't have to watch what I eat."
and more often than any other dig, the coup de grace, verbatim:
"I hate you. You're so skiiiiiiinny you make me sick. I mean that as a compliment."
You hate me. I make you sick. Well, thanks just all to pieces. This is supposed to make me feel flattered?
These aren't compliments... these are bitch-slaps!
Why is this okay?
Why is it unacceptable to ridicule the overweight, but it's damn a-okey-dokey fine to get right up in the face of skinny bitches like me and insult us directly under a guise of wistful envy?
Skinny bitches.
You know us, we make it impossible for any woman with more curve than a washboard to find a decent swimsuit.
We're cold and arrogant and hopelessly obsessed with having a dress size that matches our IQ. That is, 3.
We're shrill and shallow and eat nothing but salads ... with 1/16th of a teaspoon of no-cal dressing ON THE SIDE.
I've heard it all and then some. And somehow this stereotype is accepted, perpetuated and doesn't even have the decency to limit itself to whispers. It's in my face everytime I try to buy a blouse, pay a bill or order a meal.
"I hate you. You're so skiiiiiiinny you make me sick. I mean that as a compliment."
And have I ever bitch-slapped back?
Have I ever countered one of these transparently passive-agressive jabs with,
"Hey, if you lay off the Snickers bars in pork gravy you too could have a discernable waist line."
or
"Yeah, but think of all the money you save in all-weather gear by being that well insulated." or
"You should have seen me BEFORE the chemo, slab ass."
or how about,
"I make YOU sick? If I were your size, I'd need Dramamine everytime I tried to stuff myself into a pair of pantyhose."
No.
What I'm supposed to do is suck it up. Laugh it off, but with obvious discomfort. Penance from all the struggling sisters.
Guilty as charged.
Guilty of being pegged by the media, pop culture and everybody that ever sunk 700 useless bucks into Jenny Craig's pocket. as perfect for high fashion runways because I'm built like a clothes hanger.
I've betrayed the entire sorority with my lack of love handles and back boobs and therefore I'm either unforgivably lucky, a sell-out to superficiality or one sick chick who spends most of her time with her finger down her throat.
If metabolism and heredity have as much to do with body structure and mass as diet, lifestyle and activity level do, why am I expected to apologize for what I wasn't saddled with? Why do the same women who battle every day with self-esteem and self-denial think I should?
What makes them think I got to choose any more than any other woman did? What gives them the brass bustline to try and shame me? What if this is simply the way I'm put together? It's thyroidal, it's metabolic, it's a genetic crap shoot. Sound familiar? Then cut me some slack for chrissakes!
You get what you get and work with it as well as you know how.... why does anyone feel safe in assuming how I'm built is disordered or contrived? No, I don't live on a treadmill, no I don't subsist only on sniffing 3 saltines a day and whatever moisture I absorb through the air. and no I don't insure double digit scale readouts by promptly relieving myself of same in repeated bulimic embraces with my best friend the toilet. Do I allude to you having a lifelong love affair with Poptarts, Porkrinds and inertia? Do I say a fucking thing besides "Do you have this in mauve?"
As frustrating as that 15 pounds you just can't seem to shake off are the 15 pounds I just can't get to stick to me. But do I take it out on you?
And by the way, just because we skinny bitches aren't all over Oprah at 4 o'clock every afternoon whining about how we've tried and failed to get beyond AAA bra sizes and 'Hello Kitty' lingere doesn't mean this isn't a bullshit deal. I freeze my ass off in the winter, wear t-shirts to the beach every summer and deal with the greater chance of early onset menopause, osteoporosis, arthritis, bursitis, anemia, arrythmia, premature aging, crows feet and clotting disorders. And I get to hear things like "You're so skiiiiiiinny you make me sick. I mean that as a compliment." every damned day from the disenchanted, the envious and the cruel.
If you need a whipping post, go bitch to Madison Avenue. Shift the ideal so that all shapes and all sizes are equal and beautiful. Stop expecting me to kick my own ass because I don't wrestle with the same issues you do. I am not the enemy... and I'm done apologizing.
Next time I hear, "You're so skiiiiiiinny you make me sick."
I'll smile and say, "Just keep taking deep breaths... it'll pass."
And I'll keep smiling when Kate Moss and Callista Flockhart come up in the conversation, along with all the witty jibes about anorexia and scarecrow chic and have I ever tried playing my rib cage like a xylophone.
*Blows noes*
I hate being a skinny bitch...
k
I like being a skinny bitch.
Firstly, that was eloquent. I enjoyed reading it.
Secondly, I am not female. I do, however, know this plight well. It's not easy bring a skinny guy.
"Hey slim!"
"Beanpole, get over".
"What's wrong, scrawny? Can't you lift that?"
Some examples of shit I hear on a regular basis. It's rude as all get out to make fun of a hefty guy, but it's perfectly alright for them to eternally point out that I am not built like a brick shithouse. And then there are girls that way a perfectly acceptable 140 lbs that constantly tell me "I WISH I was as skinny as you". I am built like a runway female runway model, which seems to not be acceptable for a guy. I was born skinny. Then I got tall. Now I am the visage of the ugly nerd, shamed for being biologically screwed over. It also doesn't help that they don't make t shirts a skiny guy won't swim in. (Shoulders require a regular built guy's size.)
Some people at work actually called me Skeletor like it was a compliment. That hurt. I don't know where this gigantic paragraph is going. I'll shut up now. Just know that I know the plight of the "skinny bitch" well.
Here's what happens in my mind everytime i see a nice looking girl.....(an example)
~sees a girl~
Me thinking : Wow She's so beautifull....
Harmonal evil me : Not JUST beautifull, she's hot look at her curves....
Me thinking : She's so cute.....
Harmonal Evil Me : Are you mad or what? Only Cute? Look at her boobs..... They're so damn big.....and that ass.....don't you want to grab it?
Me Thinking: It's not good..... She is someone's sister or daughter.....
Harmonal Evil Me : Leave it dumbass you're good for nothing...
Please never ever ever ever ever ever ever use the phrase 'Raping with eyes' again.
Please never ever ever ever ever ever ever use the phrase 'Raping with eyes' again.

Why? I don't find it offensive....
Its not that we find it offensive, its that we find it stupid.
If you want to discuss this, you should go to tumblr. They will appreciate you maybe. But probably not since you are a guy. Hence, you could never understand how violated a woman feels when an unattractive guy looks at her.

so you mean if an attractive guy looks at a girl with bad intentions and a unattractive guy looks at a girl with cute/harmless intentions....then the girl is more likely to be voilated by the unattractive guy?
thats what girls tend to think. Go to tumblr and see for your self.
thats what girls tend to think. Go to tumblr and see for your self.

Don't say things like that..... Evil Harmonal Me will win.... xP
Don't be a bitch. Embrace biology.
Don't be a bitch. Embrace biology.

~embraces biology~
i'm sure that girls that dress skimpy and shit don't mind if you oggle them. i mean they must know your not looking at them cause they are intelligent, confident women. they must not have anything else to offer then tits, crazy hair and a fuck ton of obnoxious tattoos BECAUSE THEY WANT YOU TO LOOK AT THEM.
i'm sure that girls that dress skimpy and shit don't mind if you oggle them. i mean they must know your not looking at them cause they are intelligent, confident women. they must not have anything else to offer then tits, crazy hair and a fuck ton of obnoxious tattoos BECAUSE THEY WANT YOU TO LOOK AT THEM.

You don't get it i feel guilty...
I dont really care if a guy is just looking at me.
But if they're staring at me, like intensely, it makes me very uncomfortable,  as any normal person. I do dress proactively sometimes. But its not because Im an attention whore, I was just raised in a less conservative environment,  and wearing a midriff and short shorts are just the norm. 
I was born in the projects in sunny Puerto Rico; that's not exactly high class, conservative society. O.o
Anyway, the way I dress does not excuse guys creeping me out.
Sure, I suppose its flattering being admired from afar to a certain degree. But there IS a thin line between admiring and "checking me out".
so you mean if an attractive guy looks at a girl with bad intentions and a unattractive guy looks at a girl with cute/harmless intentions....then the girl is more likely to be voilated by the unattractive guy?To be honest, for shallow girls, yes. And most girls are shallow.
Those are girls you should probably avoid in the first place. xD 
For me, staring for an extensive period of time is soooooo awkward, doesnt matter if theyre cute or ugly. You want a girl's attention? Introduce yourself. Flatter them. 
Just sitting there with a rape face would repulse anyone, regardless of their intention. o.o
					
					

I dont really care if a guy is just looking at me.
But if they're staring at me, like intensely, it makes me very uncomfortable,  as any normal person. I do dress proactively sometimes. But its not because Im an attention whore, I was just raised in a less conservative environment,  and wearing a midriff and short shorts are just the norm. 
I was born in the projects in sunny Puerto Rico; that's not exactly high class, conservative society. O.o
Anyway, the way I dress does not excuse guys creeping me out.
Sure, I suppose its flattering being admired from afar to a certain degree. But there IS a thin line between admiring and "checking me out".
To be honest, for shallow girls, yes. And most girls are shallow.
Those are girls you should probably avoid in the first place. xD 
For me, staring for an extensive period of time is soooooo awkward, doesnt matter if theyre cute or ugly. You want a girl's attention? Introduce yourself. Flatter them. 
Just sitting there with a rape face would repulse anyone, regardless of their intention. o.o

i think this is the weirdest thread ive seen in a while
There's so much what the fuck for me in this post.
Oh! Lol Well, just act like you're looking at something else. Like glance away casually. It makes it less awkward if they think you were looking at something behind them.
Its whoremoans, you shouldn't feel guilty. Everyone does it from time to time.
i think this is the weirdest thread ive seen in a while

I'm raping your profile picture with my eyes right now.

*gang raping
huehehehehehehe
Oh! Lol Well, just act like you're looking at something else. Like glance away casually. It makes it less awkward if they think you were looking at something behind them.Its whoremoans, you shouldn't feel guilty. Everyone does it from time to time.

thanks.... Finnaly someone understood.....
Casually using the word "rape" like that isn't cool. Especially using the phrase "eye raping" them implying that it's okay, lol.
Casually using the word "rape" like that isn't cool. Especially using the phrase "eye raping" them implying that it's okay, lol.


this a million times
ive never been so uncomfortable reading a thread
It's like the tumblr brigade has arrived.
It's like the tumblr brigade has arrived.


so you think rape is okay?
Casually using the word "rape" like that isn't cool. Especially using the phrase "eye raping" them implying that it's okay, lol.
Can someone tell me something motivational, I need something to stop being depressed today, and some motivational words help sometimes :\
					
					

Someone, somewhere has it worse than you do.
Be grateful for what you have now.
At least you dont have AIDs.
Thanks yeswaitno, and profilenamesR4loserslolyeh, that's true, and so fucking hilarious, lol
Yes there's a lot of people suffering out there. It's kinda sad really when you think about it.
This world is falling apart in my opinion but always try to look on the bright side. Anytime you feel down, remind yourself of all the great things that you have in your life.
Thanks yeswaitno, and profilenamesR4loserslolyeh, that's true, and so fucking hilarious, lol  No problemo. (:
yeswaitno keeps me from being depressed. lol
You're sweet.
i was gonna say monkeys flinging poo...but guess everyone is different
Any of you study law, politics or philosophy and ethics? :}
I've self studied Ethics and Politics. Politics drove me mad and ethics make me question my life.
Hey everyone, I had this incident in school in which consists that the employees of the lunch room at school dumped us out of its range, for the reason that the students were just telling bad words (such as fuck,shit,etc.). They (excluding me) were just reacting to a video about a bullying incident. My friend is mad at them for the fact that it is a stupid reason, I gave him an advice before I go "even if they dump us now, we'll come can get back later" and then left him alone and now I'm alone too. Now here comes the questions: In your opinion, is this fair? And, is my advice whorth it? be honest...
Of course it's fair. You're not supposed to be swearing at all in school. If a teacher had heard, you probably would have gotten a detention or two.
My school could give less of a flying fuck over the use of profanity. Hell, one of my teachers says "Shit!" every time his phone rings in class.
Teenagers getting in trouble for swearing. lol, tell me more.
One day, I cussed out my principal. And you know she did? She cussed me right back out. 
And that was the first time ever I stfu'd.
Then she sent me back to class.
You need more people like that in school.
might be time to talk to him about it rather than just wondering
Forget about him, duh. There are plenty of guys out there thatll treat you better.
Don't say that hun  everyone deserves to be loved.. You just haven't found that true loving guy yet who will change your life beautifully and dramatically  if I were you I would wait for that someone to appear into my life instead of looking for him. Cause good things comes to those people who waits for it patiently  so don't give up just yet  I wish you the best of luck!
just slap some sense into him
Love is somthing that is ment for everyone never give up with every broken heart there's a guy with a glue gun
Love is somthing that is ment for everyone never give up with every broken heart there's a guy with a glue gun


i don't entirely agree with that
*sigh* (dont get me wrong, its nothing)
I wanted to let anyone out there that's having a hard time in life or anything, that your not alone. Never let your crown fall. Because your worth everything. And somewhere out there, someone's going through the same thing that can help you. Your beautiful the way you are. This is for everyone. Anyone who lost something or someone that meant everything to them, the kids that get bullied, the ones who don't eat because they think their not pretty enough, the people who are homeless everyone. Your not alone and your all beautiful. 
Unless they are actually butt ugly
I see so many places where you should have used You're instead of your
Well I'm sorry  I now noticed that.
Its all about learning from your mistakes. Spelling mistakes with you  I like the little speech/rant, its nice.
Why this is so horrible
Frankly Im pro-choice. I dont want kids, and I have no problem locating my nearest coat hanger and unclogging my pipes, if I come up preggers. Just being honest.
I have every right to do so. I consider the baby to be unborn, meaning it has not yet lived, also meaning, it cannot die. You have to live first in order to die, right?
Do you consider abortions immoral? Murder?
Discuss here.
I think its a situational thing
So ironic to call that pro choice when the baby gets no say in the matter.
Have the baby but put it up for adoption. You don't have to keep it, but don't have to make it so that no one else can have it either.
The world is over populated enough as it is though.
The world is over populated enough as it is though.


have to agree
plus I just hate humans in general
The world being over populated is a terrible argument that makes you sound like an ignorant prick (if you are actually trying to use it as a pro for abortion)
If you think the world is over populated, use protection, or sterilize yourself, or go ahead and kill yourself because the world is so over populated.Take a chill pill Lance.
I mentioned over population because people ask "why dont they just give birth to them and adopt?" Um, because we have enough parentless babies on earth as it is. Like, idk... a 1/3s of China. So I disagree with you, its a valid point.
Now, I am pro choice because its my right to be so. Im not going to start getting knocked up and getting abortions just for the hell of it. But if the time came that I had an unwanted preganancy, I will exercise my right.
As for the previous pro-choice remark. Im sure rape victims wish they could choose to not get pregnant. But unfortunately,  they dont get a say either. Thats how the world works.
So in that instance, are you still (Im assuming), pro-life?
					
					

The welfare bitches that burden the tax payers don't want to get the mirena inserted. If they did then abortion and unwanted children would cease i don't really care if they wanna boink around a lot as long as they put a barrier in their sausage wallets like considerate human beings.
My body my choice. If I don't want to have a child I don't have to. But once it's got a heartbeat then that, to me is the point of no return.
Pro life. That's my opinion and I'm sticking to it.
Is this something I need to pick or discuss? O.o
I never said every other girls hormones would ._. I was stating the instance and my experience in seeing the birth control pill's effects.


oh. k
What does the word sympathy mean to you and or whats your view on it... Mine will most likley differ from most. just curious what it means to others and what your feelings are towards it.
ummm sympathy as in understanding someones problem, feeling sorry for him or her, n also helping out
Being a pacifist,  I think sympathy is one of the most noble traits that a person can have. It is feeling sorrow for someone elses misfortunes. I can see how Crankor thinks of sympathy as a lie. Humans are selfish by nature, and therefore cannot act benevolent towards someone else just because theyre "guilty" or "concerned".
However, empathy (being able to relate to another's misfortunes), is different. It is when someone comes to you with their problems and you know exactly how their feeling. Though people are typically selfish, they tend to be sensitive towards certain issues theyve experienced themself. 
Say you saw a hobo panhandling.  With sympathy,  youd feel sorrow for this man, because his life sucks. But with empathy,  having experienced his struggles, you feel that you are obligated help this man. You have a stronger reason to relieve his sadness. So someone who sympathizes with the hobo, may offer him spare change. But someone who has empathy towards him, might offer him a meal.
Sympathy isn't enough to sway a person's behavior. But empathy, at its purest form, may surprise you.
Just thought i would mention. The reason why i feel like it's a lie, is because to me the feeling showed torwards such misfortunes of others is a learned and expected reaction by society and is most of the time all it is. A triggered reaction to something that that person knows they should feel bad for. Also including that many show whatever sympathies for people they don't know at all and within seconds share a false bond so to speak. I feel like its just a cheap way for others to show feelings just in the moment that normally wouldnt for much else. Just my thoughts.
I know this feeling, i think you really need to go to some one about it, even though it probably wont help, its the wake up call you need. Also you need to help yourself, you wont ever be able to get out of that dark place if you dont try to. Take it step by step, day by day, little by little. Do stuff that used to be happy, and explore stuff that COULD make you happy. Speak to friends, thats one of the main things that'll probably help. I dont know what else to tell you, because seriously? I'm still struggling myself. you just got to find that piece of mind, the one thing that keeps you sane and hold on to it. Sorry this is mainly just me rambling, i dont think i helped that much, but who knows? It'll get better, it just needs time.
I as well know that feeling. Ive gone through several hobbies n such to try to keep myself occupied. For a while it helps, then its dies out. Its not so much lack of motivation as it is just feeling whats the point just by yourself. I've ignored that feeling for a very long time to still benefit my self as far as just developing "talents" if you want to call it. A recent sudden change in my life has again stuck me in that same place again and it just isn't the same this time. Feels like ive back tracked so far that i'm a little lost in what to do and my body just does it's daily routine and my mind just wanders. I know what would help it but my situation is a bit more complicated than most including my already socially awkward interactions in person with people i don't know. As mentioned above, really just find something feasible to do that you can get excited about and is possible to do with others as well.
Lock your cellphone and yourself out of your house, grab a bike, go BMXing.
you can always go for a run...or sleep
.
I lock m y room and listen to music
Yeah its a crap feeling like, for me personally,  I believe everyone has a purpose in life and you just need to find what yours is, once you do life seems more enjoyable and worthwhile.  Keep ya chin up bud!
I feel this way sometimes, feel like your living your life for someone else and not yourself, feel like you cant do anything without being judged. Feeling like you have to get up and live your life the way someone else wants you to, to make them happy yet your unhappy.
I find taking a walk by myself helps
You sound depressed. Talk to a psychologist. 
(Im not joking.)
ok about a month ago i started dating the most amazing girl ever and i really love her but i jist feel like im not ready for a realationship but i dont wanna mess anything up because i really love her can anyone help me with advice or something please!!!!
ok im sorry to say this because its not what you want to hear.
i was with a girl for 1year 3 months.
i brokeup with her because she was going to go to a college out of state.
i told her that i dont want to do something stupid. i didnt want to be at some party and get drunk and cheat or something like that.
i loved her and i would rather breakup then cheat on her.
i told her all of this. all of it and she seemed fine. we even made plans to have one last date and then date again after college.
i sent her a text 2 weeks later and she said she hates me and that i never loved her.
its hard knowing that the girl you love more then anything hates you.
what im tring to say is there is a good chance that she will be really mad at you.
and there is a good chance that nether of you will get out without getting hurt
you can try to make plans to date later and be sure to tell her everything
my ex hates me but when she is out of college im going to see if she loves me still
who knows

she might she might fall in love with me again one night.

sorry its like my life story and all but i am hoping that my mistakes will help you. no one deserves to feel what i felt.
i wish you luck and hope all goes well.
If your not ready for a relationship you can always tell her you want to go steady with her out of respect for her Because you care enough to get to know her more. That you don't wanna risk losing her if you speed the process. Depending on how she is, She will either be flattered and think you are considerate and sensitive or she will want a relationship here and now and if she doesn't force your hand she might still stick around and try to convince you to be official with her.
just tell her that your not ready and you two could go steady...

pretty much what evilactivity said
So you love her...
Does she love you?
If both of you are in love than whats the big deal?
My opinion is, if you actually love her, you will do whats best for her.
Now ask yourself, whats best for her? What kind of relationship does she need?


If you have an amazing girl who loves you as much as you love her, for Gods sake dont let her go.
					
					

Well... I was in the same situation once with the guy who is now my boyfriend... He wanted to date, I wasn't sure if I was ready for a relationship, so I said just that. He understood. I let him know that I did love him and that maybe sometime soon I would be ready for a relationship. The point of me telling you all of this is that if this girl does love you as much as you love her, she will understand and she will wait til you are ready. You can't rush into something you aren't ready for though, cuz that never ends well... And if she doesn't, theeen she's not meant for you cuz relationships are about compromise and caring for the other's needs as much as yours.

So yeah, hope I helped, good luck (:
How can you tell if a girl really likes you or is just leading you on?
Go for it. If the girl's leading you on, would you be surprised? It's what a lot of them do lol.
Thats rude, guys are just as bad. But tbh you can never really tell.. So your best bet is to just ask her..
this forum is about one of my friends.I honestly don't know where to start but there is a girl in my class,she is very quiet,nice and mostly quiet she doesn't have much to say.Which made her very likable(at least for myself).Other kids in my class,humiliate this girl.For no damn reason(excuse my language)But this girl is so quiet she doesn't do anything.Half of my class makes fun of her.And I'm just sitting here like..okay guys,that's enough and it's not nice.And someone would say oh well it's gonna be nice today.Im like are you guys forreal?Like I have been bullied my whole high school year and I'm a junior.But I decided to take their bullets to my arm or leg.I make myself believe that it's nothing.But my evil classmates are just shooting her down with their hateful words.And she's taking them to her chest.Like I don't understand,why her?This girl is innocent,and they just laugh at the fact that she is hurting inside.I feel like shit.Like I am really crying over this girl and I can't see my keys.So sorry if my typing sucks.Im just sitting here thinking like.Is your goals to make this girl kill herself?Like is that their life goal?But no more will I allow my classmates to do that to this poor child.I will now take a bullet for her,I don't care if they began to judge me,because seeing this girl like this tears my heart into shreds.
The key is to make eye contact with everyone in the room. Say "fuck you", "fuck you" and so on. Be sure to point.
And after you heart-to-heart with everyone, say something along the lines of "hey, you wanna laugh at someone? laugh at me, because I could give less of the fucks I so generously handed out."
The way i see it, if shes your friend and shes being picked on, youre obligated as a friend to get mad. Stop getting sad and crying about it. You want to help her, get the courage to not just stand up for her, but beside her.
					
					

It's called telling the teacher, or the no tolerance policy, filing a complaint, sitting with these bullies with a guidance counselor, all schools have them. only in T.V shows or sit coms do class rooms full of jocks and stuck up cheerleaders remain unattended by a teacher long enough for kids to rag on each other for significant amounts of time.
Get the males first. You gotta peek the interest here. Buy a deck of magic the gathering cards, teach her how to play it and play the cards with each other. (guys like magic the gathering they don't care who you are they gonna surround you like vultures, they're gonna wanna see your cards, they're gonna want to engage you in battle. The bitches are not gonna know what the fuck mtg is. If a bitch tries to interrupt you a guy is gonna be all, "hey back the hell up we're playing MTG hoe" (cause most MTG fans are down for their fellow planes walkers) 
If they are too modern to be into MTG buy her the game guide/manual to the newest, most popular video game out there. Scenario: she reading it in class now, dudes looking at her like they think she owns the game that they don't even have yet or can't afford to pay an online account for 15 bucks a month. They ask her about it, they wanna know about it, they wanna borrow it. (They'll probably reference some cheesy youtuber that does the lets play videos,) but they gotta get on good terms with her.Pfft, magic. Magic is all about cheap card effects and amateur combos (usually costing a chunk of your mana), while hammering away at your opponents life.
If your buddy wants to make friends, get her into yugioh.
					
					

...I've been this quiet...now I dont know how to defend myself now...
I find it useless to live because we won't accomplish a single thing. There's nothing beyond this life. Those who believe that are fools. We try to make this life worthwhile but it falls on deaf ears. There is no point in trying. Those who try are fools. So we should all just embrace our inevitable deaths. We have nothing waiting for us.
If thats the case, you have nothing to lose. Go make your life worthwhile, live like someone who is dying. Cause you are.
I'm sorry but your post, the contents and the style just made me laugh hard. People who try to be serious and deep but fail are always the most hilarious.
Shut. up. .-.
:
Get a life? Plenty of things to do in the world to keep your self occupied. Go try some
Death is nothing to fantasize about. 
Honestly, this topic pisses me off...
You're welcome.
Wow...I can't say if that's either true or false. But atleast it's a good point.
That is fucking beautiful. 
Bravo.
Amazing !
Wish I had read this sooner...awesome
Thank you, seriously, I really needed that
That's amazing
DISCLAIMER: IF YOU'RE A CHRISTIAN OR ADRONOMEN FROM ANOTHER GALAXY, DO NOT READ THIS IF YOU'RE SENSITIVE ABOUT RELIGION. DON'T START TELLING JESUS BECAUSE HE'S PISSED AT ME ENOUGH AS IT IS.
I have figured out how Earth was really made. You know how Christians say God made Earth and Scientists believe the Big Bang theory? Well they are  both right. What happened is that the andromomen (whom live in our galaxy's star constellations) got mad at God for creating the reptilians for them to preform in a porno together called "Intergalactic Cock Invades Her Star". So they took an asteroid and shoved it up God's butt. God couldn't fart so his gases built up causing him to explode. When he exploded, masses and all that stuff warped into what we now call Earth. Out there lurking in the Galaxy is God's asshole which is all that's left of him (also known as the Super Massive Black Hole). That's the truth of the Big Bang theory. 
Mind Blown... This is a serious discovery with 100% accuracy. This has to be the mystery of our being.
					
					

No, those are his many testicles that were turned to stone. It's how God impregnated Mary (Jesus Christ's mother). Inside the rocks are bionic spermies and his seed sometimes escape and fall onto Earth. So yeah, that bird poop that lands on your car?...it's not bird poop. It's the spirit of God trolling us.
Retard pls go. Your attempts at humor are so bad. Your penguin of doom is waiting.
. 
Well, I lol'd at least.
Ah! Scientology, how interesting! W...why is everyone acting so surprised?
x'D lol ....
haha, you had me going at first
O_O never believed in scientists, never go to a church but, this is far too..."overpowered" for some reason
How many ex's do you have? Did they break up with you or u - them?
I have 1 ex boyfriend and one ex girlfriend, and one ex fiancee (boy).

I broke up with the exbf and gf, but my ex fiancee. Eh.
He called off the wedding, but I ended the relationship.
I see... how old were you when you first got engaged?
20, lol. But we were together for quite a few years before that.
Young love doesnt last long, I suppose. xD
Oh, I'm sorry... it's never worked out for me either. Not the whole engaged thing, but being a couple with others and stuffz. It's hard not to explode and go all off on them. Sometimes u get bored with them be cuz they do the same thing every day... that got a little off topic... oh well *shrugs*
Enough to know what I don't want
4 ex boyfriends, Not including my 2nd boyfriend that died in his sleep from a gas leak. I'm pretty convinced those 4 years could have continued and instead I would only have 1 ex.
Four, i broke up with two and the other two broke up with me
none
Just a couple if weeks ago I lost my mum 
Any advice of ways to stay in control of your life and combat thoughts of a forth suiside attempt
I would suggest you grieve, but not stay down too long.
It makes it all the more harder to get back up.
As for a suicide attempt, what do you think your mum would have wanted?
Carry on with life like you imagine she would want you too.
The more you think about it the deeper the pain. It may lessen but will never go away so i suggest do your best to not think about it. Stay away from people who only say "sorry for your loss" Cause really that doesn't mean shit for one and just makes you think about it all over when you stop.
It will get easier to cope, even though right now it seems like it won't. I know, I've been through it. It takes time. It's the passing of that time right now that's hard. Try to keep yourself busy and most of all don't spend too much time alone. Be around people as much as you can. You have a wound, and it needs time to heal.
I'm sorry about your loss. I lost both of my parents when I was 7. They were in A car accident. I lived with my cousin for awhile but then my friend died and I wasn't eating or anything so he made me leave. It was hard. I still cry and get upset. I found out years later my mom never wanted me but took care of me and loved me because she was my mother. It was upsetting, but I moved on. All I can tell you is that you WILL be okay. You have better things to look for in the future. You will have another family and your mom is always looking down on you smiling. She loves you. But if you kill yourself, you won't see her. Please...be okay. I'm here if you need to talk. It dosnt need to be like this.  It's going to be okay.
Oi lost my day not so lognaho he die on the 10/26/13 
I miss him so much he was the only who understood me nd who listen to me when I had something to say
when I was 4 years old. My father had a serious car accident and died on the spot (in the 1974)
My mother died of cancer in 1997.
When you are alone you have to roll up your sleeves and run!
A motorized bikers told us: you do not know how much and what road in front of you. But not until you run you'll never know
I Lost my mom and I'm having the same problem . For me it helps to just focus on what's right in front of me. I take care of my family and I guess I constantly throw myself into work. Out of nowhere I'll just volunteer to paint the house or whatevever. I try to push what happened to the back of my mind. It's not the best way but it prevents me from dealing with it in worse ways. Xoxoxo  just keep truckin for the people you love
when i was 8 years old my father passed away, i didnt really know what to think at the time but now that im older i realize how much i miss him sometimes
but you gotta keep going forward, i know its hard to even think of losing a parent and its hard to accept that shes gone, i just want to let your know youre not alone and many people know what youre going through
that is really hard, i dont know what i would do if i lost my mom. but just try to remember good thoughts about ur mom and shes in a better place now. find somebody u can trust talking too, and talk to them about how your feeling about the whole situation (:
I was actually a little scared of this specific topic. Because my mother hasnt passed yet, but is dying now.
I tried not to think about it.. but now, I just have to accept it and await the day shes finally out of her misery.
Ive told her what I regret, and thanked her for her impact on my life. And Im very grateful that her death is not sudden, because I may have never gotten the opportunity to tell her that.
I dont believe in an aftelife, but I dont know. Theres always possibility. You have to mourn. And I dont know if you were fortunate like me, I dont know if you told her all that needed to be said. So while youre mourning, scream to her what you feel, what you regret, what you love and miss most about her. Cry and scream for as long as you like. Get everything off of your chest. And maybe she might hear your words from beyond the grave.
But the most important step is to recover. Learn to smile again, like your mother probably wouldve wanted. And learn from what shes taught you, with a smile.
					
					

What is the world coming to when you can't go to the store without someone laughing at you because you are different! I'm tired of people putting me in a category. We are not emo or scene or gothic or anything these people can think of to call us; the only label we have or will ever have is the name we was given when we were born; so why do people continue to disrespect and hurt things they don't understand? Aren't we all humans? We all have a heart even if it is mean and horrid; so why all the hate? I'm honestly sick of it all the way down to my core! I'm sick of the cutting jokes and the freak comments, I'm sick of all these kids that think I'm a satanist or an atheist, I'm sick or these adults thinking they can lecture me on my piercings or my cloths, I'm sick of people writing ugly words on my car or my locker, I'm sick of all these people that think it is okay to put down on people because their small horrible minds can't wrap around the idea that not everyone is the same; that there is people in this world that is so unique it is easy to pick them out from a crowd. When is the world going to get past all this hate? When will people who share the same ideas on life and stuff in general going to finally have peace from this?
Those are just people who has their minds in the very depths of hell. They would just do it for atention or maybe their looking for somebody worse than they are...but, as always, time will answer us and there will always be a time where no one would jerks us off again...for now we all need pacience...(maybe)...for now I seem to be at peace however, I know there'll be a time where "somebody" will pick up on me, believe I'm weak...but I'll prove that "somebody" he's wrong. Peace
It was maybe 4 in the morning when I woke up in Terrance's bed. I didnt know how to react but now that i was awake i might as well go home. At this hour? I guess i didnt have a chioce. I started to slip into my clothes. I never went horizontal with a guy I wasn't dating or even serious with. So what the hell just happened? Sure Terrance is my friend and neighbor but he wasn't my boyfriend. 
Never been in this situation but i seen plenty of movies with this senario. The girlfriend stays, and the one nigth stands have to leave. since he isn't my boyfriend I probably have to leave. If I over stay my welcome that makes everything worse. Makes sense right?  Slip away, do the walk of shame to my house, go over the regrets with a tub of ice cream. Cause thats how it works in the movies.
But I didn't even get my pants on because Terrance woke up and tried to pull me back in bed. 
Me: Quit it, I have to go home. I'm too sore for another go.
Terrance: Then lets just spoon and snuggle. I was gonna make pancakes. Caramel apple style. Like the one you had at Denny's
My brain: what the hell... He is offering me food? Recalling memories from a brunch we had last November? What about the rule? Doesn't he know the rule? Ah, no... Not the ear... 
Terrance: what's the matter? Bad hang over? 
Me: I'm not suppose to be here. I think I should go home now. Its the rule right?
It didn't seem like he understood. But then of course he had only just had sex for the first time in 4 years. Maybe he forgot? Maybe this was a circumstance where he thinks he owes me something? 
Me: you can be so naive. Let me set you straight... I have to leave. Your suppose to send me away. I was trying to leave before you could do so.
Terrance: Naive? 
Me: don't... Don't worry I'm okay now. I'll process all this latter and go through all the notions on my own time. This is just one of those milestone into adult hood. I am gonna be okay. I'm not gonna call you multiple times, I'm not gonna look at you like a scum....
Terrance: oh... You're embaressed? What for? Both of us are single, you said you're on birth control.
Me: Aren't you suppose to treat me like damaged goods instead of a girlfriend then? Girlfriends get the breakfast and the special attention? And the damaged goods get the door.
Terrance: Awe I see.... Those assholes where harsh on you huh? That's why you where leaving? Out of habit? 
Me: I never been kicked out before. I was always the steady girlfriend. I never had meaningless sex before. So what do I do about it? Is there some kind of protocol? What does this make me if I get to stay when I'm just a random lay? You know what I mean? Why just trying to be responsible and take it like... I don't know! What does this mean?!
Terrance: It means you are so fucking adorable. Now go to sleep.
Me: Can you not squeeze me so hard? 
Me: I really am confused right now... 
Me: This isn't ackward to you? It's gotta be something wrong with you it's honestly not me... I think I'm being rational.
Me: um is our relationship now friends with benefits? See I was opposed to it but this was the first time anyone put their tongue  in my ass and.... I like it obviously so....
Me: I won't be hurt you know. It was bound to happen. The whole hit it and quit it thing. It happens to the best of us... You wouldn't have to worry that held anything against you cause you've been nothing but nice to me.
Terrance: if I do decide to kick you out it will only be because you won't shut up, your house is not to far to walk to, and you won't get any pancakes. Warm, gooey caramel with whip cream pancakes. Perhaps bacon on the side.
Me: I get pancakes? What have I been missing all my life? Its not lonely like the movies at all. My boyfriends never give me pancakes.... (Tearing up)
Terrance: Shhhh...
Me: they never.....(sobs)  Pancakes....
Okay so i just want to say that i am a very happy person. i'm happy because i make myself happy. i used to think i needed friends to be happy, but no i just needed to get in touch with my inner peace. No one can control your life/destiny in any way. if u are positive that you want something to happen, and u keep visualizing yourself with that thing that u want, you will eventually get the thing that you want, its really as simple as that.... but for it to work, then you need to be in touch with yourself and the universe. your need to take sometime to think about the things that you are grateful for in your life. you also need to love yourself, because if you don't love yourself, then how are you supposed to be happy and live with yourself... i hope this gave people a little hope (:
Bravo, what an a happy cheerful post from a 14 year old that doesn't work 2 jobs to pay rent, utilities and her car insurance. Just keep visualizing to get everything you want, tell me how that works out in 4 more years...
In touch with the universe? 
What does that even mean? Sounds like some Wiccan shit.
I've been alone for a really long time. Idk who I can and can't trust anymore. The people who said they'll always be there for me aren't there anymore. I feel like a forgotten memory and even useless and worthless. Finding that special one seems impossible for me. I can't even talk to my family about half if this stuff because I know they're gonna say this I don't wanna hear. Most of the time, I just wanna fall asleep until things get better for me. I'll be asleep forever if they don't.
Just need to say it...
~Blue
...is that supposed to be sarcastic...?
Just be patient and it will happen.
sitting around won't change much
A little alone time with some awesome music isn't bad for anyone, but being alone all your life and shutting people out is the worse. Trust me, i'm still trying to learn how to open up more with my boyfriend and it's hard as shit to let go of a habit that's been there for years. Just don't give up, okay; one day, that special someone is gonna be there waiting to hold you all night. It'll get better.
@slasher rises97: I'm not the one shutting people out, they're shutting me out for whatever reason. I don't really have friends IRL to support me in this because I barely trust people anymore. Right now, I'm more worried about that than finding that one person. Being alone for a long time is harder than what you think; especially if you didn't choose to be alone. But thanks anyways
hehe...weeellll m sure he'll say something if he does read it..but as for advice...i have none at the moment because of my own problem...but i promise i'll say something later
well to start with, why did you two break up to start with? you need to think about what he has done to you in the past. If hes been a jerk and disrespectful think again if he deserves your love.
What the lovely lady said ^, also dont disrespect what he's got going with his girlfriend right now... respect that he's in a relationship and just really, well.. get over him? I mean you broke up for a reason :/
He has a gf, case closed. Internet relationships aren't even relationships at all but... if he says he has a gf then you should respect that and stop thinking about this stuff completely.
Sounds like your reserving something over a hopefull dream. You Need to just stop thinking maybe it will get better or be like it was. Fighting after a relationship can sometimes mean you were in the relationship for the wrong reasons to start with. If you two were to actually get back together, most likley if it didn't work the first time it wont the second. It's not just about who you have the most fun with. If he hasn't contacted you in that long then there is a reason. Just move on.
What kind of internet relationship I wonder.  (It does matter)


 What you decide in the end is all on you of course but a huge percentage of boys tend to date roleplaying accounts. You might have an advantage if she is a person that won't even verify the events of her real life.

 That's why people I fancy absolutely must have their own family members and physical friends as their Facebook buddies or I would discredit everything they claim. so it all comes down to imperfect but real or a total charming illusion that never was.
I had moments in my life where I went back to my ex boyfriend's and I ended up regretted going back to them. Even if something was to happen, nothing will go back to the way things used to be. Everyone breaks up for a reason. If he was to want to date you again, knowing he has something going on with someone else, he might do the same thing to you in the future. If I were you, I'd find someone else. It's not worth getting hurt all over again. Hope everything works out for you.
forget about him and go out with me instead:3
i'll treat you guuud babeh
Just move on hun.
My dear ignorant readers, hip hop is not swagg and you are probably all thinking "Hey we are white and suburban why do we care? It's a black people thing." Hey it matters... it matters... Both are riddled with thugs and violence sure but its how they put it across that makes the difference. You hate swagg fine me too. Hate it with a passion. But you can't deny that there is an element in hiphop that doesn't need to go un appreciated just because you dont know shit about the 90s.
In the 90s hip hop music was all about the struggles, poverty, coming from nothing, daddy went to jail for doing drugs but i fucked up as being the man of the house too. (kinda always makes me wonder why the emos with sucky lives don't even try to relate to it as human beings emos never bring up hip hop EVER. probably too fucking busy with their own broken hearts at 14 and their feelings about a school bully ragging on their clothes to care about some one struggling to fix their violent run down neighborhood for everyone's benefit. Self centered fucks...) Ahem.... Swagg, there are no respectable qualities in swagg.
Swagg is about looking fresh and cool and claiming you have haters...For fuck sakes its a fuck ton of teens. they didn't even work for their nice shit. Daddy and mommy pay for it. Swagg you never shot a mother fucker for the sake of supporting you family or controling the streets in your damn life! Swagg you don't fucking do shit. You just chill on instigram all day pretending your a bad ass.with your obey snapback and yolo chains. Swagg you are a pussy! Go fuck yourself. I have a great deal of respect for the black and spanish culture but you... You make me fucking sick... Your granddaddies would be ashamed of you. That's why you have haters. 
Coming soon: bohemians vs hipsters (yes I'm gonna cover all 90s (lifestyles) vs moderen day carbon copies (labels that where made over the internet)
Long live Emo!
Amen. I hate swag so much.
In the 90s hip hop music was all about the struggles, poverty, coming from nothing, daddy went to jail for doing drugs but i fucked up as being the man of the house too. (kinda always makes me wonder why the emos with sucky lives don't even try to relate to it as human beings emos never bring up hip hop EVER. probably too fucking busy with their own broken hearts at 14 and their feelings about a school bully ragging on their clothes to care about some one struggling to fix their violent run down neighborhood for everyone's benefit. Self centered fucks...) Ahem.... Swagg, there are no respectable qualities in swagg.
I normally dont care for your posts, but LOL.
You took the words out of my mouth.
					
					


I was b0rn 3m0
It came naturally. No significant changes. Just me. I'm an artistic soul. haha! I've always been an outsider.
In high school I started to read about subcultures and society phenomena. But it was more like discovering some ideologies to me. Not following the fashion. Just alternative paths to go. I started to take inspiration from this. But the most inspiring were to me these first versions, clear, naiv but good for dreamers. I also noticed that in cases of music subcultures, music should tell sth important. Unfortunately I cannot find this sth in most "modern screamo" bands...
I'm not just emo (yeah I am emotional and hardcore but also punk, goth, visual-kei, harajuku, deathrock, otaku, ...)
I'm too sexy to be goth... duh.
umm well...see.... I didn't "choose" to be "emo" ..?. ... It's just what my style is categorized as lol... Just cuz I got my hair in my face and wear super tight skinny jeans and I listen to "weird as fuck" music as people say hahah... I think I'm way too much of a happy and energetic child to be "emo" but then again, thas a stereotype, so my bad!. maybe I am maybe I'm not, I honestly don't know I don't think there's a deffinition for "emo" lol
Today agree with nat!!
Ok so am I emo?? 
Idk one of BFF said "your so emo listening to depressing emo music"
After I let her listen to beautiful lie by 30 seconds to mars!!!
I just stared at her for a bit 
Totally*

Um i didnt do anything. I just am who i am. Granted, the things that have happened to me have made me unusually sad and bitter, but  im still who ive always been.
Daddy issues...
daddy issues huh? understandable
*Sarcasm
the only girl i've ever loved was born with roses in her eyes, but then they burried her alive, one evening in 1945
don't think i ever became music. but if you mean the attitude and look that is assosiated with the music then i don't realy know. always had this kind of dark attitude and sence of style. i'm not like this because my life sux, i'm like this because this makes me feel comfortable with myself.
I was ignored all my life, beaten and taken advantage of. I've tried trusting but time and time again I'm proven as to why I shouldn't. Now I have only one person and I am rendered incapable of love or kindness
hmmmmm...tis better than being normal?
People at my school fear me, even my relatives. They shut up when I show up and people hardly want to talk to me. Theres another [legit] emo kid at school...i wanna b like him. we're both loners to other people. It's like we share something.
I didn't become anything. All I am comes naturally. And if ppl connect it to emo culture (towards which I've grown some warm feelings after all) then... It's ok.
I've always had this side to me, and I never really write happy senerio's in my stories or peoms, so I guess it became nauraly. I do know that as I grow up I find myself more and to be honest I've only recently realized that I could be classified as emo. As more unfortunate events happen to me the more I understand te music poems, and other art and the better I can write it, and the more I get into it so to speak.
I also just happen to like the stuff that goes with emo such as the style and make-up (I've always loved dramatic eyes). Also being emo isn't something I really have to cope with, I embrace it.
to be honest ive always liked the "emo" style. the tight pants, hair in the face look. It's just I started showing more after a while. problems with the stepdad -.-
this is actully my emo orign story
my friend: hey are you emo?
me: what the fuck is emo?
my friend: you know those guys with eyeliner skinny jeans and listen to screamo and are all sensitive and stuff
me: meh I guess *googles emo* *browses the web about this emo stuff*
a day or two later
me: yeah I'm totally emo, I guess *walks away*
hmmmmm...tis better than being normal?
PFF! FUCK YEAH!
I was always emo... I just had to find the right things that expressed me, and then I realized how to fiddle with it, and voala! I was emo.
Just am, really don'thave a reason. Just got labeled,and I didn't stop what I liked doing. Still have depression, but I guess the main cause would of been when I stopped eating
Just life, family is bat-shit crazy, friends are even crazier but in a good way
I am just me yes I have had things in my life that made me this way too but I have always been emo I just didn't show until about 3 or 4 yrs ago
Well first it started with these little kids who used to call me "emo" on the bus/when i walked home. They did this for obvious reasons such as my dark hair that parts, and covers one of my eyes. Eventually I kinda just sighed then stared blankly which gave them more reason to think I was. Eventually I started to get bullied, then the parental issues came. I got to depressed, and quiet for my friends, so they were different to me, didn't talk to me as much. When I say I was quiet, I mean I turned on my Ipod and listened to BvB and ignored them. Slowly I started wearing more skinny jeans, plain design shirts, darker colors, bracelets, band tees etc... Coping was, and still is hard, I get bullied, still am called "emo kid", fag, freak, my favorite of all was the guy that called me an emu, you know the wierd ostrich thing. The bullying will persist next year, I'll loose more friends, and things might get worse. Not to sound at all like a poser/stereotype, but I usually just listen to music or write some poetry and I feel a little better.
    P.S. People also started to call me shit like I said when I was obviously underweight.
					
					

People don't "choose" to be emo. They just are. anyone who "chooses" most likley isn't really emo at all and just acts like they are for the look. ALot can be said on this topic. But simply put, society has no real definition of what emo is so it's made up a false setting of emos being all cutters and suicidal. Being emo realisticly has such a wide array you can't just label being emo so easily. Everyone has there own reason why they are who they are now but it's just what it means, being emoitonal. In my opinion its people who were treated like $%^ for a good part of there life and ruined there self confidence and become socialy awkward to most because of being shy or not being used to show there emotions, usually because the only way they can deal with their everyday lives is to become emotionally numb. But thats just me opinion.. doesn't mean it's right or wrong,
Mufasa came to me in a dream and wiped tomato sauce on my wrists and said 'emoooo' and from that day on I knew my purpose in life
My sense of life, society with others and the way I feel
I didn't know i decided to become a music genre.
I like skinny jeans, band t-shirts and converse.
I've always been depressed, but when I was 18 I Realised how alone I really am, one thing led to another, after about a year, I was fully "Emo", I guess that's a good way to put it, I'm not always good at putting it into words.
I didn't become Emo. I simply discovered that I already was. Now I don't feel like a square peg trying to fit into a round hole anymore. I just feel Emo. Now I know where I fit and I like it.
I didn't become Emo. I simply discovered that I already was. Now I don't feel like a square peg trying to fit into a round hole anymore. I just feel Emo. Now I know where I fit and I like it.
Well said, that's kind of what I was trying to say, but I didn't word it as well.
You don't just "become" "emo". (Sorry 'bout the label) But being "emo" is being who you are, becoming "emo" is being a poser. 

"I was always depressed, so I realized I was emo" 
I'm sorry everyone, but it sounds REALLY poser-ish and fake. And you obviously don't know what "emo" means. Just that you're depressed and self-harm doesn't mean you automatically are one (nor does JUST dressing like one). And for all the posers, before you "become" someone, you should really take a second look at the definition of what or who you decide to "become". That's just my opinion.

As for me, a few years ago I didn't even know what or who "emo" was. But based on what I heard and saw from all the movies and everyone else, I THOUGHT it meant a person cutting his/her wrists. That was, till I met a guy who months later became my best friend. He was the type of person that ppl called "emo". I really liked his style and actually I liked it more than my old style. So he helped me choose new clothes to wear and when he showed me his CD collection, I instantly fell in love w/ the music.

Soo.. That, my friends, is how I started getting called "emo". I just am who I am and listen to what I like.
This post has so much faggotry and ignorance it's saddening.
Huh?


Emo isn't a fashion style and it's not even a label it's a music style and anyone who believes otherwise is odvioulsy ignorant and needs to just shut up.... Anyhow you can"t just claim yourself to be this and that because that would mean you are a poser and if you truely are like some of the people on ep you won't claim yourself as that anyways because it is likely someone already has. The world is critical and judgemental against people they can't explain or understand. I didn't become the way I am because I thought it was cool or because everyone else was doing it..... I became like this because something happened to me and I didn't know how to deal with it so I started trying to end the numb feeling I had by cutting. I didn't want anyone to know I was cutting so I started wearing alot of bracelents and jackets all the time. I started wearing dark cloths and stuff like that. As far as the emo label thing it's music and when people become music that is when you can call people emo until then just shut up about it!!!
I've never decided to become emo, I just lots of people called me emo. Believe emo stands for: emotional, it's just shortened. And yes I'm rather emotional but it doesn't define me as a person. As for the style I never decided to start dress like it, I just pick rather dark clothing and I've heard along the lines usually people who suffer with some type of depression or go through some type of trauma usually wear darker colors. Than again people can just pick that type of clothing cause they prefer too, everyone has their own definition on what emo is. Don't believe there's a right or wrong answer.
I went to sleep one night, and I was puerto rican. I woke up the next day, and I was emo.
This is stupid. Poser or emo, its stupid. Who the hell cares about labels? You all just want someones attention. You want to stand out from the rest of the fags, for someones attention. Try growing up, maybe? Get out of your crybaby phase and accept that life sucks, like everyone else. Go to school, get a job, buy a yippy chihuahua from Petco if that makes you feel better! Become independent and I promise you youd have a more positive outlook on life, and from that, youll gain respect from the people closest to you.
All of that emo crap is unnecessary!
					
					

Don't mean to add to the stereotype but it was at a time of depression, and I used my style to express emotions
I never chose to be this way. People ask that question all the time. "What made you want to look like this and be like this?" are people really that stupid in think that I chose to be this way. I didnt wake up one morning and say "Oh today I am going to be a social out cast and have children cry when they pass me. No one chooses this we just are. xox
If was your mom, id throw you out. A haircut and chores isnt anything compared to being out in the cold without any food or shelter.
You need some tough love.
					
					

If your biggest problem is "My mother tells me what to do because I'm still a child", then you have it easy, kid. All that freedom isn't all it's cracked up to be. And, your mum won't always be around. Cherish the time you have with her.
If your biggest problem is "My mother tells me what to do because I'm still a child", then you have it easy, kid. All that freedom isn't all it's cracked up to be. And, your mum won't always be around. Cherish the time you have with her.


I agree wait tell she isn't there, then tell me how hard your life is. I used to be like you, and now I see how spoiled my generation is. Lifes not a bundle of roses, and when you do get your freedom its gonna give you a big slap in the face.
Just wait until you have your own bills to pay...
Wait until you have to put your own food on the table, or you own heat in your house.
Winter is coming, young'n. Prepare or freeze to death.
I want it my freedom of choice win I was in high school. Got in daily arguments with both my dad and theaters. By 10th grade they both back off knowing no matter what they do/said it wasn't going to stop me. I'm not saying be angel but don't make it any harder on your mom then it as to.
Frazzled, you think that's a bad thing, or a good thing, or it doesn't matter?
I can't count them all on both of my hands. Some just up and left. Others I hurt and I regret that. Does anyone else have this problem?
All the time :\
its life, sadly enough.
Yea... I've lost more friends than I've gained.
Yea... I've lost more friends than I've gained.


That is technically impossible when ones stops to think about it.
Loosing friends is hard, if you ever need to talk, I'll listen. I can guess what you're going through, I've been there.
yea life sucks sometimes
That is technically impossible when ones stops to think about it. 

Hmm right... I wasn't thinking straight x.x I meant THIS YEAR I've lost more, some left, some died. Doesn't matter. Hah sorry I make no sense, I'll just edit it later.
I literally have 3 friends right now, one of them I even call my best friend, and I can't take any of them seriously, not because of them, but because in my experience, friends don't last forever, eventually they'll leave, and I'll be alone again.
I only have one real friend in the whole world. Some acquaintances but even those I don't know very well. To tell the truth I always feel like people won't want me and I guess I'm too shy to find out.
Yeah I lost lots of friends in my past sadly. There's people online who I talk with also but they end up disappearing too. Always end up asking myself why this is but than I come to the conclusion that it's not really worth getting bent out of shape about. You can't please everyone. Sadly but friends come and go....
It could be worse.
Cheer up.
that's why there things called phones and the internet. so you could keep in touch with all your friends...unless you're the one who rejected them. then that's your fault why you don't have any friends
Exactly 1year  ago, my best friend Ashley's mom died in a car accident. Ashley was already suffering from 5 different mental disorders and two months later she was found dead in her room with a knife in her chest. I was so torn by her death that extreme depression immediately set in. My friends saw a change in my attitude and quickly left me to suffer alone. Later I developed borderline personality disorder (BPD). This caused me to start lying impulsively and my friendships fell apart. I haven't been able to keep a friend since. Those who mattered to me soon found my lying out and now I am utterly alone.
Get professional help bro.
professional help is an opportunity to evaluate
what you can do now, is stop lying
Immediately! I know it is a very difficult thing
If you're going to tell a lie, do you think half a second then answer "do not know" "I do not understand" "repeat the question"
better to go for a little wake up, rather than lying
Professionals can give you a hand, but if you do not put INSIDE in motion the rebirth NOT come out.
i'm sorry to hear about that:c
First and far most, I know plenty of people that push others away for the fear of being hurt in the end. That's really not uncommon. As for what happened with your ex and father, sadly that's a little more common than you think. I won't share personal stories nor the stories that I know of others but know that you aren't alone. You honestly need to learn to trust more but that will take some time. Just work on one person that you want to be friends with and slowly work on getting closer and closer. As for you being "dark" hunny, I watch horror and drama movies, I listen to bands like Nirvana and Acid Bath. I listen to songs with fucked up lyrics. Hell I'm thinking of pursuing a career of being a physiologist for the criminal insane or for a mental ward. I don't think you know what try darkness. And no, I'm not saying I'm this deep dark person, I'm saying if you think you're dark, then damn, what am I? XD Everything will be fine in the end, it's nice that you feeling let it out. It's horrible to let things build up inside of you.
I agree with the above post. 
I've adopted this mantra when it comes to friends: "put your all into loving someone, and if they don't stick around, they were never worthy of your love in the first place." Try not to lull over the past
Anyway if you ask me Wiccans seem to be popular right now. Everyone you meet recently is wiccan.
I have noticed tht there is an increase in the number of wiccans. A few of my friends used to do it because they thought it was cool. Irritated me quite a bit
I have always liked the idea of Ancestor Worship, like push away the idea of a grand creator and instead focus on who created you. And then who created them, think of the whole world as like one big family and when your life ends you take your seat on the massive table of your dynasty to eat, talk and watch over your descendants as the world progresses. Like having the entire family round for dinner and a movie only that it spans back thousands of years. I mean it could really bring a nice unity to the world if we all thought that one day we'd all share a meal together and see how our kids solved the problems of the world and I think it would make sure people strived to be the best that they could be knowing that not just their parents were behind them but also their great x9000 grandfather Urgon the Wise who was forced by Mongolian hordes to travel across the planet was cheering them on.
I have noticed tht there is an increase in the number of wiccans. A few of my friends used to do it because they thought it was cool. Irritated me quite a bit
Indeed. People don't actually know what they are though. it's like most people you meet these days are bi sexual also.
I know, its unfortunate that people have lost certain values and principles just to follow the crowd. Media does not help matters either and that's actually a good idea windypop
I'm Christian, I have a fiance that's slowly opening up to Christianity, and I have friends that are a whole lot of different religions. People are surprised that I believe in one God and that I read The Bible and go to church but I dress the way I do. I don't care what religion the people I befriend are.
SCIENCE
I am a born again Christian
I follow Jesus and his example. You might say Im a Christian, but that term carries a lot of baggage thanks to douches like Westboro Baptist Church.
i dont agree with religion. Its all a big scare fest. either you believe or you get lit on fire for the rest of your life. its just to control people. And, science proved the bible and all religion wrong two hundred years ago. just my opinion though. plus it starts wars
Im christian ,emo, and proud
I don't really associate myself with any religion. I don't consider myself Athiest or Agnostic either, I'm just me. I live my life. Though, Pastafarians have a special spot in my heart. You just can't hate someone in a pirate outfit with spaghetti on their heads. xD


I don't believe in anything
if it is proven one religion is correct I'd still be atheist
I definitely don't believe in the idea of a god..  I guess you could say I'm more of a spiritual person... But I don't see it as a big deal anyway
Well since I was taught so much about God...oh well guess I'm Christian
i was born into a christian family, but i dont believe in everything i've been taught. i don't think the bible is 100% true, and that god isn't so perfect and incredible as some say he is.
I am a devout Catholic. I was baptized as a baby, I have made my first confession, im in CCD to have my comfirmation. My Paton saint is the saint of libraries. My middle name is Mary, I was born on august 15th which is the holy assumption of the virgin Mary. I practice confession every week on Wednesdays. I go to church on every holy day of obligation, which my b-day is,  and every Sunday, unless something really, really important stops me. I pray thrones rosary every night, and every meal. I can recite the apostles creed, from memory.  I am not a fan of Wicca, vampires, or homosexuality, but would be found dead before I try to stop someone from being any of those. There are so many things people don't know about the Catholic religion, things Catholic s don't even know, like there are nearly 3 feasts a month!  I practice lent, and when I give something up, it's a favorite object. Last lent I threw out all of my nail polish and clipped my nails, my beautiful nails. I have walked 4 miles just to recipe my holy palm, and ashes. In go to church on Christmas and donate 3  things to charity each year. I want to visit the Vatican some day, Catholicism is the only religion that can be Traced to Jesus, Jesus made saint peter , one of his 12 apostles,  the first catholic pope. Catholicism is a HUGE part in history. I love going to see the priest to get answers to any question I have. Weather I like the answer or not he doesn't care, he gives it to me straight. I love the tradition in my religion, sometimes it's the fear of hell that alone stops me from suicide, I love how Catholics don't go around saying god loves everyone, they say" you sin? Then confess and make penance for the sake of your mortal soul." People hate on Catholicism sometimes, but never hate on monks, or nuns. I love how in Catholicism instead of God's love, we focus more on eternal damnation, then God's love. People say we worship Mary, but in all reality we do not worship her, or any of the saints. I don't dislike anyone for different religious beliefs, not every Catholic is such a radical, but im close to that.
Moon panda, that pass to heaven was brought upon by the Borges, it was a corrupt time in the Catholic religion .  Borgiea was a corrupt pope, and like I said in an earlier post, is a part of history, the only reason protestants are around is because of the ticket to heaven, they didn't believe it was right either. Then comes the Spanish inquisition, and so on and so forth. Islam and Catholicism share many prophets, we just don't have Muhammad, and instead we have Jesus. I know there are lots more prophets we have different than similar, but we have the same roots.
And also moon_panda, we are not bull crap because of something that happened hundreds of years ago, I don't go around saying Islam is bull ship because they still practice Sherrie law so please respect my religion, or at least use less profanity when insulating it.
*insulting
why the fuck are you talking shit about christianity
yeah I agree I hate christianity and it is stupid along with all religions but why the fuck are you giving shit to christianity
this is not a little forum for you to start talking shit about religion
the point of this is to discuss our religious views not to start picking on christians for their religion or any other religion.
I DESPISE ALL religions but I keep my opinion to myself because you know what happens?fucking religious people start going around giving me shit about being atheist and my wish to see the entire world free of stupid people, humanity(as in morality not humans), and relgion
I take part in spiritual Satanism, or at least I will, when I get the things I need to dedicate my soul.
I was christianed and i went to a catholic school, so i believe some aspects not all, i believe that maybe someone did make us all and is up there maybe not god but someone.
Enough with the hateful comments towards someone's else religion..everyone is different,we meet people very different from ourselves just learn how to respect other people beliefs
I have my doubts and I question the bible about some of the stuff but you dont have to be so harsh to my religion Q.Q
Although I don't believe in anything I do have something similar to a religion
I try to go by a moral conduct I have
I take some lavey satanism philosophies into my live
I know everything I do will have a "consequence" that may be good or bad and I just acept whatever occurs
I also consider the greatest sin that can exist is stupidity
Hmm I was born and raised as a Catholic. Went to CCD and all that stuff... Never cared for it nor did I want to learn about it. After awhile my Father stopped making me have to go to it. As long as no one tries to force their Religion onto me then I personally don't care what you believe in.
Psht, religion? Who needs it?
I am certainly not one for bashing religion but I am also not favour to anyone who shoves it down my throat. You should believe what you want and not have I be out down by other because they don't believe what you do. I believe that all religions are there in there various forms but I do not choose to follow them as I also support equality and to me a god seems like a higher power. Religion doesn't always preach hate. All religions, give or take one or two preach love and compassion. It just goes down to a few people who are what people call extremists who give the religion a bad name. You can get them in all religions (e.g - Muslim, Christian, satanic etc.) 

Believe what you want, this was just my point of view
Meh. Religion is overrated. People get WAY to sucked up on believing false beings. And I'll mostly bash on Americans and how they make Christianity the only right religion and hates everyone else for believing in other things. We've fought wars because of religion and honestly without religion there would be one less thing for the Americans to bitch about. Hell about 60% of Americans believe angels exist. Need I say more?
Catholic by birth, Christian by teaching, but I don't judge people for choosing other religions, gods, or just not believing in anything.
ive just experienced a lot of things that you would never believe and its not worth talking about because you guys wouldn't believe it.
ill never shove it down anyone's throat. but at least i know what i believe in and it makes me happy.
but sad to see that you guys will... i better not say it 
you'll know when the times comes 

??? Gotta be honest, kind of curious
I hate religion, because it seperates people more than it unites them. Not just Christianity, but Catholicism, Hinduism, Islamism,  etc. "You don't worship the same as me, it is against my religion to condone your worship, and therefore I cannot associate myself with you." Though most religions teach us to value and love one another, people tend to hold themselves to righteous discrimination. theyre biased, hateful mofos. Its a shame, because people remain ignorant to the similarities of their beliefs. I believe society would be better off without a labeled religious system.
Im an idealist. I choose not to label my religion. I cannot limit my beliefs to what someone told me to worship as a child, or what wikipedia says is historically and scientifically accurate.  Born Catholic, my religion now lies between Agnosticism and Nihilism. 
I believe that life as we know, is nothingness. Nothing really exists. Our 5 senses, reality, time, our memories is nothing more than a figment of our imagination. Most people limit their knowledge to what they see, think, or what can be proven. But Im the ultimate skeptic. To question existence while seemingly existing is rather... strange, Ill admit. But what is reality really, and when and how did reality start existing? 
Anyway, mindfucks aside.. I do believe in the possibility of a supreme being. I believe it was "he" who created said nothingness. Do I worship him? Nope.
I hate religion, because it seperates people more than it unites them. Not just Christianity, but Catholicism, Hinduism, Islamism, etc. "You don't worship the same as me, it is against my religion to condone your worship, and therefore I cannot associate myself with you." Though most religions teach us to value and love one another, people tend to hold themselves to righteous discrimination. theyre biased, hateful mofos. Its a shame, because people remain ignorant to the similarities of their beliefs. I believe society would be better off without a labeled religious system.
Im an idealist. I choose not to label my religion. I cannot limit my beliefs to what someone told me to worship as a child, or what wikipedia says is historically and scientifically accurate. Born Catholic, my religion now lies between Agnosticism and Nihilism.
I believe that life as we know, is nothingness. Nothing really exists. Our 5 senses, reality, time, our memories is nothing more than a figment of our imagination. Most people limit their knowledge to what they see, think, or what can be proven. But Im the ultimate skeptic. To question existence while seemingly existing is rather... strange, Ill admit. But what is reality really, and when and how did reality start existing?
Anyway, mindfucks aside.. I do believe in the possibility of a supreme being. I believe it was "he" who created said nothingness. Do I worship him? Nope.


Cogito ergo sum
Cogito ergo sumCogito Ergo Sum is a concept based on our own subjective understanding of reality. 
"I think" 
I don't care for religion.
As long as you don't try to force your beliefs down my throat, I'm just fine with whatever religion you're a part of.
Cogito Ergo Sum is a concept based on our own subjective understanding of reality. "I think" 
No offense to anyone
No offense to anyone Both would likely result in crash landings. 
I think (I am capable of thinking), therefore, even if my finite comprehension is flawed, its still occurring, and its still "a figment of our imagination" as you said. If it is, after all, a figment of our imagination, that implies our imagination exists...? But imagination cannot be proven and  does not trigger any of the five senses. Even by your standards, how could imagination exist?
					
					

i was born into a catholic family but it just wasnt right for me so now ive been wiccan for three years.
As for religion I never really grew up with any, my mother always told me to have a open mind and to believe in what I feel in my heart. A lot of people look at me wrongly for this but I'm happy to say that my mother allowed me to have my own free mind and think for myself. I'm very happy with having such a wonderful mother. One who was open minded with me and willing to talk to me about anything.
He he C: Religion is stupid
I try to stay away from religion.
I'm not a religious person. Never have been. But I don't mind others being religious. As long as everything is civil and friendly (no terrorism pls)
I was raised a Christian but I fail to follow any organized religions but i still hold hope in a higher power


Well can't say I didn't see this coming. Explains why I was called fag from a mile away by a ponytailed beaver.
Whao. The title alone was offensive. My cousins are Mexican. Even though, I am Puerto Rican and Honduran. I'm not religious. But Jesus Christ dude, kind of fucked up. And really? stereotypes? I'm highly doubt it. But meh, who knows.
I believe...perhaps...you could have chosen better roommates. Roommates are a tricky business.
Their nationality is irrelevant.
By only reading the title of this topic; I can see why people pick on you. You need to stop being so offensive, sunshine. Because you're making yourself appear as an utter prick. If someone challenges you, you don't throw a pity party on a post because you're 'emo'. Shut up?


Right. That's what piggy banks are for!
I've always been too much of a hipster for a piggy bank. :
I just pile them up and eventually give them away. I very rarely (if ever) actually use spare change.
What do you do when you can't get a jar open?
break it or leave it closed
I usually use a towel or shirt around the lid. If that doesn't work, I just find a big person.
Well it's certainly not the fault of the soldiers, I have the utmost respect for them. But I think they are being and have been deployed in far too many conflicts where we shouldn't stick our noses. I think the companies that manufacture military hardware are mostly at fault for that. War for money. I am against it. JMO.
I dislike the american military. I dislike any military but specifically the american military. The soldiers killed for money and oil, and came back to this country to be glorified by its citizens.
Blind patriotism..
To me the American military are mainly blind followers, they ask no questions and just do what they're told. Even if it makes no sense and doesn't really benefit America or the world, but rather a small group of people wanting to get richer.
The millitary is made up of men and women brave enough to put thier life on the line because the government wants money or whatever it is they can take by force without spending money. The funny thing is the world wouldn't be the same if every political leader we have was forced to go through the same painstaking tasks they cause the soldiers to go through. I have no problem with the military most of the men in my family have been in the millitary which is why I think the way I do; I have lost so many loved ones over nonsense granted they pay for the funeral and everything but money won't bring them back and it won't make me happy.... forgive me for being so blunt but that is just how I think
There's a song by System of A Down called "Bring Your Own Bombs". In that song, they sing, "Why don't presidents fight the war? Why do they always send the poor?" And you know what, thats a good fucking question. I was taught there was a time when kings fought alongside their knights, and they wouldnt engage in  battle unless the king was present. So why is Congress over here safe and sound and we still have soldiers lined up in Afghanistan? 
The American goverment and military is simply corrupt beyond repair. We live in a Capitalist society in which our priority is to obtain money. Deny if you want, but the American military is the government's 'errand-boy'. Its a game of monkey-see, monkey-does. Congress says kill people, army goes and kills people.  And no one bothers to question it, as long as they get paid theres no problem.  they just "follow orders". Well... theyre just as ruthless as the government.
They tell the American citizens that they're fighting for freedom, that they're fighting for "our protection". Sorry to say, but theyre deceiving you, theyre deceiving their soldiers and theyre deceiving the majority of the U.S. population. Theyre fighting for oil, profit. Its pure greed. Im protected by someone whos feeding me lies. 
Meanwhile, theyre slaughtering people. No one ever thinks about the Afghanis,  the Iraqis. Its our lowerclass killing the Middle East's lowerclass for profit. And that is the definition of scum.
I, for one, will never condone killing innocent civilians for money. I will never condone the government  sending the country's lower class to fight Congress' battles. I won't condone Congress decieving the public. 
That's the problem with the United States. That's why countries hate us, because as a whole, this country is oblivious to what happens outside of our own borders. Wake up. Youre patriotic,  but dont understand what youre supporting.
There's a song by System of A Down called "Bring Your Own Bombs". In that song, they sing, "Why don't presidents fight the war? Why do they always send the poor?" And you know what, thats a good fucking question. I was taught there was a time when kings fought alongside their knights, and they wouldnt engage in battle unless the king was present. So why is Congress over here safe and sound and we still have soldiers lined up in Afghanistan?
The American goverment and military is simply corrupt beyond repair. We live in a Capitalist society in which our priority is to obtain money. Deny if you want, but the American military is the government's 'errand-boy'. Its a game of monkey-see, monkey-does. Congress says kill people, army goes and kills people.  And no one bothers to question it, as long as they get paid theres no problem.  they just "follow orders". Well... theyre just as ruthless as the government.
They tell the American citizens that they're fighting for freedom, that they're fighting for "our protection". Sorry to say, but theyre deceiving you, theyre deceiving their soldiers and theyre deceiving the majority of the U.S. population. Theyre fighting for oil, profit. Its pure greed. Im protected by someone whos feeding me lies.
Meanwhile, theyre slaughtering people. No one ever thinks about the Afghanis, the Iraqis. Its our lowerclass killing the Middle East's lowerclass for profit. And that is the definition of scum.
I, for one, will never condone killing innocent civilians for money. I will never condone the government sending the country's lower class to fight Congress' battles. I won't condone Congress decieving the public.
That's the problem with the United States. That's why countries hate us, because as a whole, this country is oblivious to what happens outside of our own borders. Wake up. Youre patriotic, but dont understand what youre supporting.


Well. I agree that any man who tells another man/woman to fight, and die should be doing it themselves or has done it in the past. But what I don't agree with is the fact that we're fighting for profit, and just killing a random civi population. Yah civilians die, colatiral damage happens, but those nations allowed a group of there citizens to take over 3,000 american lives, and destroy/damage 4 of are buildings, and target are government. Also there isn't a soldier on this planet who wants to kill anybody, let alone kill an innocent person, but combat is scary and the only things you can rely on is experience, your gut, and that guy fighting by your side. I will also say this tho a soldier is trained to kill he is also trained in who to kill, and how to avoid killing the wrong people, while killing the wrong one. In the beggining of the war yah we had a bunch of idiot who didn't disserve the right to call themselvs United States Marines/soldiers, but there all paying for there crimes.
Also the U.S. isn't the only nation in that region that has a delcoration of war. So that throws a giant monkey wrench in your capitalist war for profit arguement, and I also I will ask this. and I know I'm going to catch hell for it, but I really don't care. Have you ever been in a combat zone? have you ever even been in any for of military branch from any nation. My geuss is you haven't. So plz don't judge the people who are fighting, and dieing for whatever reason it is, because the reality is that even the men who don't deploy still suffer while you get to enjoy this privalige to have your own openion, and to freely voice your opinion. Because the enemy we're fighting wants to make it to ware, if you allow any man to see any part of your skin there allowed to beat you, and if your gay boy or girl they have the right to kill you on the spot. That is the radical view of are enemy. Oh, and if you think this war started after 9/11 your wrong look all the way back to the '60s and '70s where the terrorists where activly takeing planes, and hostages, or in '93 when the WTC was bombed. You can have your veiw, opinions, and beliefs but plz don't call the men who have probably saved millions of lives accrossed the globe, because are leaders are are cowards.
i've never met anyone online in person...but as for other people that i randomly hug...umm...if we start talking and they ask questions...them i tell them the truth...and that also goes goes for people online...i don't know why...i just don't want to be a liar i guess
In person kind off not really online though unless they are sound and im 100% certain isnt some 40 year old pervert sat in a basement!
Be the opposite for me in most cases. I'm hardly worried about someone online stalking me nor would i really care. Ask what you want and you'll get an answer. In person though, too many bad things can happen. Usually relates to theft or if they hold a grudge against you. I know it's different when your a girl though. Just don't be stupid and give out your address unless your expecting to meet them in person.
Nope...well only to close friends
Yups tell em all the my business yo I live on 671 lucky st..haha nah jk Im a closed book if you don't wanna get judged keep your mouth shut
It just depends on what it is I'm talking about. Some things don't need to be disclosed.
hahaha
In real life I'm overly private. Online I get it all off my chest you could say.
I don't lie, I just let things go unsaid really
I don't want to dump my baggage on people who will feel obligated to help me I guess.
What is the best thing about humans?
What traits make us beautiful?
What are the bad things about us?
One of the best things about humans in general, is our capability to do good, which is unlimited.
Traits that make us beautiful, compassion and love.
the bad thing about us is we choose to not achieve our maximum potential as humans.
The best thing about humans is that they're all diffrent. No two are the same. (Well, some identical twins could be the same, but I'm talking personality wise.)
The traits that make us beautiful are things like empathy, compassion, love, I don't really know.
The bad thing about huamns is that some of them are grade-A douchebags or fucking stupid; or a mix of both.
Hmmm humans? 
Well some are intelligent others are the most stupid people you will ever meet. 
I'm not quite sure what makes them so called "beautiful"
Out of anyone that really meant anything, only one of those people are left and they're leaving as well. I'm already alone I can't be completely alone,  it hurts too much already.  I've been dreaming of the ones  that made me feel worth something,  it's depressing.
im sorry dude..... I know how u feel ?
If the people you are with make you feel worth something, you're doing it wrong.
what do u want sir?
what do u want sir?


dude u make no sense
uhu
I can relate to that. Ppl say that it gets better, that they're here for me and the next thing I know, they're already gone or leaving.
I can relate to that. Ppl say that it gets better, that they're here for me and the next thing I know, they're already gone or leaving.

 People say their there,  most of the time their just strangers and I'll never hear from them again.
People say their there, most of the time their just strangers and I'll never hear from them again.


Brah, I cant take you seriously with your lack of grammar. Make an effort to use the correct "they're" and maybe people will like you more.


My parents have been drinking since i was little. But there was a time where we became christians that they stopped. Now we left that church and they fell back into that whole drinking scene, Fight a lot and now me and my mom don't have a good relationship anymore. so my question to you guys is how would you deal with drunk parents.
Well I talk to them. Be calm and speak with her about it. If she refuses let her be. It's difficult to deal with it cuz I tried to make my dad stop drinking and it worked. Otherwise try to spend time with her and be happy or as I said...let her be. If you need more advice you can message me
					
					

They are supposed to be mature adults. Remind them of that.
My parents frequently come home drunk and fighting. This has been happening for the better part of my life so I've just learned to stay in my room and tune out whatever they're screaming at each other about.
Thanks everyone this helps a lot.
My dad comes home a lot drunk and angry and I think the best solution is just to talk to them when they are sober. I would talk to my dad but I hardly see him.
I wouldn't, i'd most likely just ignore them. But all the same get some family friends or relatives to talk to them about their drinking problems.
My dad has been drinking for longer than I remember. He would drink rum and coke from the time he gets up to the time he passes out from being so drunk. I recently tried to get him go quit but he laughed and said no. Best thing to do is stay out the line of fire. You don't want to be dragged in arguments that have nothing to do with. I hope things get better for you. Alcoholic parents are becoming more and more common, it's beyond sad. Just keep your head up. And hope for the best.
Or you could throw gummy bears at them and yell "TASTE THE RAINBOW BITCHES"  (yes I know that is skittles but I like gummy bears better)
you said going to the church helped them right? that the stopped? So why don't you try that again? Or get the vicar or whoever it is to go to them.. they must still hold some feelings towards it, that they might just listen if 'god' reached out for them again? Idk, its a long shot..
cant give any direct ways to deal since there are many and the worst it gets the more reasons they will need to stop. Figure out what effects them the most outside of the drinking. The dhurch idea does sound like a good start. Depending how well you get along with them you can every so often make remarks about there drinking will rub off on you and become some prostitute and say something like won't that make you proud? The people i've known the few things that got them to stop was either a kid or child, or it taking them to get caught drunk driving or something and then having an effective speaker talk to them to make them think about what and who will be effected vs if they didn't. They would already need a pretty good character for the first to really stick though. It would also mean them generally giving up being around the people they drink with if they have any and alot are not willing to do that. I wonder what they would say if they came home (perferably not drunk or it wouldn't get the right reaction) will liquor bottles open everywhere. Not actually drinking out of them but they would think you or someone was. Just to see what would happen. (like i said not reccomended if they are angry drunks and are drunk when it happens)
I just learned to live with it. Sometimes I find good entertainment in the stupid stuff they do and sometimes I just give them more to drink until they pass out...then you don't have to worry about it!
Guys, I really need help. My parents try to change me, they want to change the way I dress, the way I do my hair, they try to change my music. What can I do to make them stop!? If this continues I feel like my head is going to explode. Can any of you help me out with this?
Do you know why theyre trying to change you? You should say that its the way you like it and that theyre trying to change you into something that is fake
change the subject whenever you talk about it and just be yourself to show them it's nothing bad
Just do you. Dont let your parents dictate the way you want dress and the music you want to listen to.
Don't let them try and change you. You are who you are and you should be proud of that. If they can't accept that then ya know what ,screw them. Don't let them control who you are.
Saw this video and found it amusing and far more accurate than most other 'self help' videos so maybe you might like it too.
This is one of the greatest things I have ever watched.
Props to the dude.
Awesome video xD Loved it when he said ''Anger is a gift'', quote from Zach de la Rocha. Totally true too. It doesn't get better - you just become more callous to it. Prefer Krav Maga over Aikido though.
The videos pretty realistic and cool...it's science
hhaahahahahaha twas very funny...but true
Humorous.  Made me smile.
This is my favorite video on the internet.
Nice video. Definitely doesn't hold anything back.
Lol its funny how its all very true
What's the point of living if you know you'll never do anything that gives a f+ck? When  no matter how hard you work, you don't move forward...  when the one you lived for is gone?  I'm not saying these are reasons to kill yourself because I have no intention of that.  I'm just saying what is there to dream for,  hope for, and keep fighting for... what keeps you going?
What keeps me going is the feeling of knowing things will get better. Things are hard and they may rain all over your day but you have to learn to dance through the rain. Things happen that are uncontrollable and all you can do is stand up, brush yourself off and keep pushing through. Life is a huge obstacle and you have to show it that you won't let it get to you. Ever heard the saying,"Life's a bitch cause if it was easy it would be a slut?" Well as corny as that is, it's beyond true. You may feel like there is no hope but things do look up. Just learn to appreciate the little things and it makes you see life on a whole new level. I'll use me for an example. I was upset for the longest time and thought there was no reason to keep moving on. I lost my best friend to suicide when I was 11 and during that time my parents were going through a divorce. The things going through my head during that time destroyed me. But I learned that it just made me stronger in the long run. Another helpful hand is my music. Music keeps me going. Even at my lowest, hearing a song I really like and singing along with it helps me. And lastly people that I have close to me help me. I have some great ass friends that I would never trade for the world. They have truly prove themselves to be called my close circle friends. I don't know what I would do with them or music. But they are my rock and they hold me strong even things get rough. I would never give up. I would never stop working on myself. I'm still young and life is all about molding yourself. So why destroy something that you haven't finished quite yet?
Curiosity...that and the lulz
The point is up to you really. it's your choice to either stay put or move on. Find things for yourself that you enjoy and that can be challenging or helps others . Lots of reasons but its really just whatever interest you. If you feel nothing does then you just lack motivation to find out. You won't get much from life if you don't put anything into it. Starting one thing leads to others unintentionally at times. What i live for varies. Experiences, self rewarding tasks, developing usefull abilities or just senseless amusement. Whatever you enjoy doing that keeps your mind at ease. Doesn't have to be a specific point or point at all i suppose. As for purpose? well everyone has their own view.
Looking for a reason to live is what keeps me going. Even though I haven't found it yet, I still believe its out there so I can let it slip away just yet.
Can't***
What keeps me going is the feeling of knowing things will get better. Things are hard and they may rain all over your day but you have to learn to dance through the rain. Things happen that are uncontrollable and all you can do is stand up, brush yourself off and keep pushing through. Life is a huge obstacle and you have to show it that you won't let it get to you. Ever heard the saying,"Life's a bitch cause if it was easy it would be a slut?" Well as corny as that is, it's beyond true. You may feel like there is no hope but things do look up. Just learn to appreciate the little things and it makes you see life on a whole new level. I'll use me for an example. I was upset for the longest time and thought there was no reason to keep moving on. I lost my best friend to suicide when I was 11 and during that time my parents were going through a divorce. The things going through my head during that time destroyed me. But I learned that it just made me stronger in the long run. Another helpful hand is my music. Music keeps me going. Even at my lowest, hearing a song I really like and singing along with it helps me. And lastly people that I have close to me help me. I have some great ass friends that I would never trade for the world. They have truly prove themselves to be called my close circle friends. I don't know what I would do with them or music. But they are my rock and they hold me strong even things get rough. I would never give up. I would never stop working on myself. I'm still young and life is all about molding yourself. So why destroy something that you haven't finished quite yet?
TL;DR
I don't know what keeps me going... maybe consiousness
mayby to make the best of our lives while we are alive?
... 
because I can tell ya mate. we wont accomplish as much when were dead!!!!!!!
I mean I use to ask the same question and I still do. I always say "what's the point of living if we all die in the end?" But people always tell me its just a way of life and to just go with it and dont worry about a thing. So I guess just keep going and let life do it course or some shit like that :\
how absurd
Nothing, I just go about my day.
just wondering....
(dammit mispelled it lol way to go me)


Being able to be truly happy and content in who and what you are also who you are with. Honestly if you can achieve that I think its pretty successful,and saving a life of course
Reaching your life long goals. Being financially stable. As said^ being truly content with who you are. Being successful in life is living comfortably to your standards. A successful life for me Is: A decent size house, with a career that I enjoy doing and not loath each morning. A happy family. And doing a bit of side theatre. But that's just my views on it.
heh it's a little sad to see how many people though believe it's all about money and it resulting in having "power". To me that just a way of saying there successful in politics. I agree with both of you though. Theres different aspects of being successful and it to me as well its really just being able to reach the goals you set for yourself that make you happy and or a better person.
Basically, being happy and content in life.
I'll tell you whats not successful.... Going to the community center 4 days in a row to continue that same game of Risk you where playing and seeing it to the end!! Mine! The world is mine!! Yeah... to think I could have taken all that time to take over the real world but no....
Being able to do what you love and being happy with it? Thats successful, right?
being successful is different through everyone's eyes.
I believe I can be successful by achieving my goals in life as well keep a stable living and just by being a nice person in general
I consider a successful life to be achieving all the things you have always wanted. Gaining everything that makes you happy.
On one hand for me having a family and a good job/nice house, but also being someone who sticks to their convictions and attempts to bring about change in society,  I would love to get into politics and make a difference. 
					
					

How many of you are practicing Witches? I'm only just beginning to learn and I'd love to know every little detail there is! 
Also, do any of you belong to a coven ?
Pardon me, but Im not sure if wicca = witch/warlock.


Well, is anyone Wiccan, then?
better?
some people call wiccians witches,some even prefer to be called that,but i prefer wiccain,ive only been practicing for maybe over a year but you can come to be for any questions or just talking,i havent met anyone else here wiccain yet,and sadly no coven :/ just solitary
I'd love to talk to you about it
message anytime lovey :3
That, I will :3
A horrible illness that has caused pain and misery to many many people. My uncle died of it, he had lung and stomach cancer and he lost near 7 stone and was constantly ill from it before passing away.
Hope your boyfriend is okay though and think positive as its becoming more treatable than it used too! :-)
					
					

Ahh..cancer is no joke the only person I know who died from cancer is my boyfriend's grandmother but both of my grandparents survived from cancer so have confidence it's very possible people beat cancer! Ad I wish him a lot of luck 


i don't know anyone with cancer...sssoooo...yeah,,,but it makes me think of Dr.Manhattan from watchmen
Four years ago the doctors discovered that my grandma has cancer and told us she had only 3 months to live...She underwent surgery 2 times.She received chemotherapy : her hair fell out and she was feeling horrible . She stopped the tratment and now she only uses herbs and natural medecines. (:
I wish him to recover, and you know, the most important thing is that you stay by his side.
5 years ago I lost my grandfather to lukemea he had previously had bowel cancer 2 time and had it removed. Then 3 tears ago my mum was diagnosed with stage 4 tumours in her spine and whoom they said she would only live for 2 years but she is still fighting after 2 rounds of chemo and 3 rounds of radiotherapy. Now because of all the medication and pain kills she takes she has developed blood clots in her legs and has been made to have a needle every day to thin her blood if it doesn't work soon she'll probably haft to have one of her legs remove  due to the risks of the clots moving and maybe causing a stroke. After 3 month of testing the doctors where finally able to tell us that my grandfathers side of the family have a genetic jean mutation that causes cancer. this meaning that il be at risk my whole life because I got tested and I carry the jean and if I have kids they'll have a 60% chance of getting it. Unfortunately I have a 98.5% chance  
Sorry to hear about your boyfriend I know how devistating and life changing it can be. Hope he makes a quick recovery

This is quite the predicament. Did you look into why the cats were being put down? Were they sick? Injured beyond repair?
Help with putting down more cats oooorr....with advice on how to calmly deal with the situation?
Wow...dude...just....im sorry im a huge cat lover and I feel like going to help put down 3 dogs now. Especially it those cats could've been adopted and had a happy life on someone's lap. Most pounds just uthanize animals because they need to clear up room, these animals have a perfectly good shot at life, and you just helped rip that away from 3 of them. 3 cats that could've been sitting happily on a little girls lap, or gave a wounded war veteran something to care for. Just....wow....
And I hope you feel bad, think those 3 cats fealt like sunshine getting a needle shoved in them and feel the life slowly drain from their body? No, they were terrified beyond belief as these people held this cat down so hard it hurt the poor creature and had a needle shoved in its flesh, so feel real bad because you got a little jealous because your girl was sharing a few words with someone else
I love it when people take me seriously.
Ignore the above, sometimes bad things happen and you regret them alot but in your situation I'd try to fix the pc and gf situation and don't feel bad about putting the 3 cats as you probably saved some guy from feeling much worse about it then you, they were probably suffering and although they were denied of their existence in this world it won't get to witness the cruelty of it either, maby they will have a better time in cat heaven I suppose lols.


...
this is a joke right? xD omg
so serious
poor cats:c
Wtf NOOO THE POOR KITTIES! !!!
How do you help put down cats? lol
I was seeing some one who was seeing someone. and after you stop gasping in horror and glaring. I'd be happy to put the side of the story from a Supposed "boyfriend stealer's" point of view and why it's the victims fault. Because we are always the criminals right? We are always the reason your boyfriends don't want you anymore. You appreantly the victims and we are the snakes wearing the labels of slut, skank, munipulator....

First of all, she was always kissing his ass agreeing with him on everything, and he got sick of it, That's not love thats just an insecurity. It's dull it's boring, it's puting off a chance to discuss something. He likes a challenge. Don't get me wrong: he is not out to try to "break me" or make a me change. No, it's because I make him think, I make him plan, I make him re-consider, and I have no problem telling him when he is wrong or when he's made a mistake (and, fortunately, I don't -- usually -- get defensive if he does the same to me)  He likes to learn, he likes to be challenged, to grow.I do more of that for him than any of the girls he has ever dated.


He knows exactly where he stands with me. I don't play mind games. I don't fuck with his head. If he pissed me off, I will tell him exactly what he's done wrong. And if he's made me happy, I has no problem with letting him know that, too. This just comes down to the fact that he is basically lazy, and doesn't like spending the time or energy to try to read minds or play guessing games. Only I have been that honest with him. More importantly, though, the lines of communication and responsibility become two-way instead of one or the other of us having to do all of the work; questions like, "Oh, God, what have I done to piss her off this time" or "He never talks to me" simply don't have to be asked anymore. What a great change of pace for him!


She was a total pansy about sex. With me there are no inhibitions. I know what I like and what I don't like, and I won't lie about it. Trust me, sex with a communicative partner is a lot better than sex with someone who says nothing more than, "Whatever you like, makes no difference to me." BORING!!

Have I mentioned the lack of head games? Why was she so intent on hiding how she feels and making him guess about it?I personally Would never say, "If you really loved me, you'd know why I was upset." Instead, I'll say, "I'm upset because you pissed me off!" So refreshing and honest, and when we haven't wasted time playing mind games, it's a lot easier to solve problems, and the relationship grows better that way.

Point of the matter is. She was an emotional manipulators, vapid, weak, boring, clingy. She may be pretty and she may have loved him nothing wrong with that but thats barely offering anything at all. She was holding him down Making him feel guilty about everything. Like she was such a nice girl and didn't deserve to be dumped but lets face the facts that her idea of entertaining him was just giving him sex,(And she wasn't even good at it...as you know by now)

You can't hold it agaisnt me or him. He has done his time with her and he has been bored and irritated out of his skull by. He'd rather have permanent bachelor-hood than a marriage to a whiny, manipulating, vacuous girl like her; and he'd much rather be in a relationship with someone who's going to constantly challenge him, be up-front with him, fight with him, care for him honestly, laugh with him, and talk intelligently with him.

Next time you feel so betrayed and backstabed and you wanna call someone out for being a "boyfriend stealer" (because your are stupid of course and you have some mental thought process that another human being is your legal property and it's his obligation to be with you exclusively.) You should consider that maybe you just suck. You are clearly lacking something you need to stop crying about losing and better yourself. Grow up stop throwing names around because you're bitter about not being the better choice. You don't make things better by making the other girl look like the bad guy. You don't know how to hang on to a man and thats not my responsibility and you will of course get mad and defensive about it cause the truth hurts.

Stupid bitches like that have an ego problem They don't wanna belive something is wrong with them. They want to entertain the idea that their boyfrieds where taken from them by unfair means. If you been in her position I know what you are thinking, Because you want to relate with some one who also had thier boyfriend taken. It can't be her right? It's gotta be that i'm a 1000 year old witch temptress and I need her man because he is the reincarnation of the blacksmith I want revenge on! make any excuse any excuse that i'm the slut, whore, man stealer and she is the poor innocent victim right and she's the one who is suppose to be with him all because she was dating him first?
I wouldn't say that's boyfriend stealing, because sound's like he would've left her anyway, and probably even felt that way about you regardless of who he was in a relatinship with.

I don't agree with cheating on people though, I know loads of people do it, but I stick by the whole honesty is the best policy. Leave the person and then be together instead of going behind their back, that's what I'd do. Partially because if someone will cheat with you, or leave their partner for you, it can possibly mean they're more likely to do the same with you. anyhoo. 

Hope you find him well :]
i realy hate those wannabe barbies who are so full of themselv and are ready to claw your eyes out even if you look at another girl.

in my oppinion that stupid barbie got what she deserved
					
					

I wouldn't commended dating behind someones back either. I wouldnt resort to that. He had fallen out with her because she's being a martyr. This was not something he just claimed either I been around them both long enough to understand how she works. she has these games that make it so difficult to leave her. It was very horrifying He stoped eating, sleeping, he got nigth terrors from these games. No decent human being deserved this kinda munipulation. And if anyof you meet anyone with these signs. DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES DATE THEM!

Her forgetting game:
She is asked to do something she doesn't want to do. Instead of saying no, she either "forgot" about it or sabotage it so badly that the results are useless. She enjoys the frustration this causes others - this is her sneaky way of asserting herself and controlling the situation from behind the scenes.

Her withholding game:
When she wants something she begins to selectively withhold her time and affection. He senses this pulling away and asks about it. She denies it. But she lets him know, indirectly, that many other things are more important to her than he is - herr friends, her pets, her bad girls club DVDs. She lets him know this by leaving his company to pursue these interests without telling him she is doing so. She had falsely promised him her attention later in the evening and knowing her, she has no intention of fulfilling that promise. She will "forget" to come back, and enjoy her evening alone. When he confronts her about this treatment, she will dissmiss it. She just can't remember to keep her promises! But she always remember the score she needed to finish, the DVD she needed to watch, the book she needed to read, the friends who needed her help. she knows full well that this will have the effect of making him feel small and insignificant, and that's just the way she likes him to feel - that way he will be more dependent on her, desperate for her attention, and under her control.

Her lying game
Lies roll smoothly off her tongue whenever she is confronted about her behavior and/or something she failed to mention about her past, such as being currently married and the mother of two children in the custody of her ex (now that is a big thing to "forget", even if she alienated them so badly that they don't want to spend any time with her any more). Lying by omission is lying, pure and simple. But she didn't lie on purpose, she claims. No, she just forgot, or her emotional pain was so great that she just couldn't bear to tell the truth!

her deflecting game:
when he is becoming suspicious of her lies? No matter, she just deflects the attention! Change the subject, wander off, or start ruthlessly (and falsely) putting herself down so that he won't have the heart to be "mean" enough to pursue the matter any further. If he persists, she'll play....

her martyr game
This is her favorite game of all. This game allows her to escape responsibility for anything and everything by invoking her status as the most misunderstood, mistreated, helpless and victimized martyr who ever walked the earth. Nobody understands her or her pain! Don't they see that being a victim completely justifies the way she turns around and becomes a victimizer at will? Nobody could ever suspect poor little abused, tormented her of torpedoing relationships.

Nobody could expect such an innocent little lamb of deliberately causing emotional and psychological damage to others. Why, look at the way she cries and curls up into a helpless little ball when confronted (and when the lying and deflecting games don't work)! She could never harm ANYONE. She's so broken up over all the deaths in her family, even though they occurred YEARS ago and EVERYONE has to deal with death at some point in their lives. Broken up over the death of her friend, so much that she can't be held responsible for any of her lying, manipulative behavior. Because no one else ever suffered the way she has suffered. The Martyr has no pity or compassion for anyone else, since she saves it all for herself.

Her superior game:
Unlike all the other people on Earth, she is incapable of anger. she's a regular Gandhi, full of kindness and respect for all, and it's such a tragedy that other people feel the need to get angry at her. Awww She'd never push someone's buttons until they responded in anger and then deny any wrongdoing, setting them up to look like the emotional, crazy one. She'd never get satisfaction out of a nasty little game like that, because she's too superior. She's also superior to the rest of the world culturally - nobody is as sensitive and artistic as her, and nobody appreciates her kind of music, or appreciates it at such a lofty level. she especially loves to pull this routine after she's seriously pissed somebody off. She would respond with calm politeness - calm of course, since she has got the angry/upset reaction she was aiming for - and double-whammy the person by showing them how She never gets angry because  she's too superior a person to be capable of anger. If someone shows any personality trait that could be considered a flaw, she'll pull this same routine and let them know that SHE is incapable of such personality flaws, because She is so much better than they are.

He was really nice. He was fair. But she dragged him across the mud trying to get him to salvage her emotions. She Didn't give him a choice! But I am not so nice. I know bullshit when I see. I have understood her at last. I understand now how she messed with our minds and made us even fear for our own sanity, how she exploited him emotionally, how she hurt him to the point where he actually felt suicidal. I notice the neat sidestepping from any responsibility by her, how she discredit his (real) pain as a fake attempt to manipulate him. No wonder she would think this. It's called PROJECTION. It's what she would do in such a situation, so she'd project her own screwed up motives onto others.

For someone who is so wounded, so sensitive, so compassionate, so victimized, so gentle - her persoality bristles with anger, threats, and nastiness. I thought she was incapable of such things, Gandhi. And she sure is lacking in any compassion at all for the man she tormented - she has none for him and I have none for her. And no doubt she'll have none for her next victim.

She choose her life, and she choose to be this way. She choose it every day. she could change, and learn to be a person of truth, strength and integrity, but she choose not to. It's easier for her to sit in her shit and cry about how she is victimized while she is busy victimizing others.
She does sound a bit scary. Is he still with her? I hope not D:
No he saw the light and found her to be a very disturbed person. The whole "lets be friends was not gonna happen." The last brush we had with her was 2 weeks ago we where going to the beach and at that specific time we caugth her having broke into his car placing mayo filled condoms in the front seat for me to find. He stood at the fence and I barked at her like a gaurd dog. she got so scared the mayonaise packets popped in her back pocket when she fell on her ass. We also suspect she made fake facebook accounts trying to add him under a false alias.
Well that's good then, and damn that's weird :l
Spot on evil, the discriptions of her 'games" is very well written, saturated with practical information, advice and gleaned wisdom. It helped me to identify some of the emotional abusers in my life. I have now a deeper understanding of myself and of those who have been hurting me. It implies that severing ties becomes imperative after all.
She sounds like needed little bitch that needs to get a wake up call
So, I've just been thinking and, well, I'm still affectionate to my ex, but, even though I try talking to her, she doesn't wanna talk to me. I'm supposed to be looking after her but she just wont let me, help?
May I just say, we broke up over a year and a half ago, she asked for my help however only a month ago, but she still has shut herself off...
Its her life, if she wants to contradict herself and shut herself in... She will do so regardless of what you say or do.
Not saying its right. But heck, human beings act stupid sometimes.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
So my boyfriend and I have been going out for a few weeks now and his best mate (who I've never met) has invited my boyfriend to his 18th. All of my boyfriends exs have also been invited, and yet I haven't. The party is on friday and today was the first I'd heard about it. It was one of his ex's that asked me about it. She asked if I was going and I looked like an idiot because I haven't been invited. What do I do? Do I ak him about it or what?
You should ask him...if he loved you enough he'd care.
Again I cried tonight. This sadness is all consuming. Every day I cry, tonight my mother walked in, I blamed my tears on the movie that was on. I can't take this, I hear myself every day echo the words I was told, im too fat, put down my fork, kill myself, im too ugly, im a whore . It's hard, so very, very hard trying to maintain my mask. I think im losing myself, but I'm afraid I already have. The constant remarks from my brothers push me closer to insanity, and have been through so much only to demand the easy way to end my pain. Show no-one my pain. I have before, tried to tell my mother of how sad I was and she pushed it off as my seclusion. I do admit that the recent move has dampened my spirits, I have, however, been sad long before.  I have carried my pain since I was 4. My father was and is a drug addict, and when my mother found out she left him and took us. This sent us from upper middle class straight to low poverty, where we are restrained by the chains of money and necessity.  Growing up with out a father is hard. The constant reminder of the father I don't have comes every year on fathers day. The fathers day projects I was and am forced to make, in order to get participation points,  hurt to give to my mother to be thrown away. Seeing my friends enjoy a doting, protective father brings resentment to me. Each wedding I've been to had  little girls stepping on their fathers toes to dance, each 4th of July fathers put their  daughters on their necks to see the firework show, every open house, every, movie I watch, every park with families playing ball, every day I have no dad to say goodnight to, drives a shooting pain through me, forcing me to swallow my sorrow, choke on my tears. I look at each one, day dreaming of a father I never had. Only to be brought back to reality with the cold, disappointing realization that I don't have, nor will I ever have, a father. In the 2nd grade I started to get bullied, not harshly but nonetheless. I was excluded from group readings, I would be pushed from the jungle gym. I had made 4 friends though  Gabrielle, Darian, Emily, and Jill. I was called horrible names, names that got worse with years. I would vent to gabe, Jill, and darian. Every day I was pushed to the back of the lunchline, pushed to the ground. Then came the new school because elementary and bullying got worse, 3rd grade and my bullies found out the joy in lying. Every Damn day, i was made fun of. I tried to escape through reading, my teach one day came to me and said, stop trying you can't read.  4th grade Darian and Emily were no longer my friends.  I had gained a new friend named jakie. The bullying continued daily. I would die inside each day, and now I can hardly believe I still have a pulse. I had started to believe their words. Fat, ugly, whore, bra stuffer, bitch, and many more. I would never cry  in front of them though. I would wait until night when I was alone and I would cry myself to sleep. In 5th grade the physical bullying started. I would be beaten up and teachers turned a blind eye. I would hide it from my mother, unsure of how to tell her. I went to gabe, Jill, and jakie fir help. I don't know why, all they could do was give me hollow supportive words.  I was beaten ever other day, I would pick myself up dust myself off and wipe away the blood. I tried to stop it at first, but all attempts were in vain. I finally accepted it, that I couldn't escape. I put up a brave face, smiled to the teachers, my family, and even my friends. I stopped telling them when it happened they already knew what was happening. They would take my back pack and dump it out and throw it down. I felt like nothing I was nothing , I am nothing. 6th grade started, a new school, middle school,  and I got hope, small hope, but hope. Like a small glow of a lighting bug on a dark night. The school had a step up program, it was supposed to have kids going looking for and stopping bullying. I was bullied still, there was one who bullied me more harshly than the rest all the way from 2nd grade, ill call her Jenny, its not her real name, she doesn't deserve recognition. I would pray and pray and wish, hope, dream that a person from step up would see. They didn't. One day in the bathroom, Jenny hit me, a person n from step up walked in, Jenny hit me again. I looked her in the eye, bracing the wall, cupping my face. She turned around, and walked through the door, and Jenny proceed to hurt me. In that moment I truly understood those who contemplated suicide. The small glow snuffed out, the bug squashed, my dream of help shattered. I was consumed by the sickening blue of selfpity. I contemplated suicide daily. I resented those commercials about "stop bullying" because they never helped. My bully or her friends didn't suddenly say, "I saw a commercial so I'll stop, lets go sit together and enjoy this day! " every organization against bullying I want to take the hollow, meaningless words spewed form the lie coated lips of the arrogant, self-righteous members and shove them so far down their throats that they get constipated, aspirate, choke ,and die. The only reason those groups exist is so people can put on a resume or transcript, that they care about the betterment of society, when in reality they have never helped anything except their own greedy egos! In the 7th grade I finally cried in front of my mother and told her. All she did was show me an anti bullying add! I went to a teacher that year, he only sat us across the room from eachother. I finally went to the principle, all she did was change my classes,wwhich didn't help, lunch, break, and after school I was beaten still. I had given up, suicide seemed like a walk through the park, it still does. I had then cried my last tear. The well had dried up, and what was left was a white hot rage at the bottom of my hollow soul. I had exhausted the use of my sadness. All I could envision for my future was death. Each day through the year of 7th grade, each name, word or comment was like a brick, building my anger. By the end of the year I was filled to the brim in anger. That anger sat there over the summer, festering and fermenting getting stronger like wine. By the beginning of 8th grade she continued to bully me, by the 2nd week my rage spilled over, and I beat the hell out of her. I poured every ounce of hate into her beating, I threw out morals, I had lost myself in that moment.  After that, I was empty, empty of happiness, she took it. empty of sadness, she caused me to cry it out. Empty of anger, because I had used it all. 8th and 9th grade passed without incident,. I, a shell, a puppet, went through the motions pulled by the strings of society. I am truly, wholly, totally, completely, and irreversibly depressed. I am depressed to the full extent of the word. I was bullied every day for 6 YEARS, every day. I have been depressed every day since I was 4, over a decade. 11 years of sadness,. 11 years of unanswered prayers. Unfulfilled wishes, shattered hopes, and crushed dreams. I don't know how else to feel, I have made familiarity in shelter of depression. I built me a home on the hills of sorrow. A fortress in the valley of  the shattered. I want to die. I no longer know who I am, I look in the mirror and see a stranger, a hideous stranger. I now understand all those  songs. I am in a hypothetical hole incapable of clawing my way out. And now after so long, im unsure if I want to.  I am unfelt, unheard, and unseen by those around me. Misunderstood. No one should exist like this. I moved away from my true friends gabe and Jill. Friends that have been with me through all of this. They will never know the role they played in my life. I can honestly say I loved them. And now moved from them, I am empty of love. I have inflicted pain on myself over and over to check if im still consciously alive and not, intead, in hell. I have run out of hidden places to scar, and have moved to those that can be seen. I changed my style to distract people from my cuts that can now be seen. I have stopped eating regularly, and now I don't sleep. I am withering away in the wind of those words that echo in my mind. Fat, ugly, slut, liar, alone, die. I can't be saved. I would ask for help if I haven't already  tried. Have you had a similar experience? With bullying or divorce. How have you delta with it? Is this a valid reason to  cut? What are your thoughts?
Thank you. For ur opinions, comments , n advice.
Anything in life that's worth it isnt easy, my dream has always been to teach, but growing up being very shy and cautious, alongside living in a rough council estate that has high levels of drugs and crime/gang problems its not always been easy for me competing against others who have had better upbringings with parents who could have afforded better levels of education/ a more stable environment to develop and learn. But im currently at uni getting good grades and hopefully one day I'll be qualified to teach so yeah if you work hard you can certainly overcome obstacles put in your way.
					
					

the world is full of stupid people and its those people that ruin it for the smarter ones. The stupid ones have changed the overall view of the everyday person and cause rediculous expectations from the more knowledgable just in order to get recognition with maybe the slightest hint of respect. Sometimes i think the world was better off when it didnt encourage them to stay that way and let them fend for themselves or face the consequences of not being able to survive.
Cheating is doing something with another person (or animal, if you're one of the strange ones) without your partners knowledge and consent. Those personal rules and guidelines should be made known towards the beginning of the relationship, or at least talked about if you are unsure of what your boundaries are, or are worried about the other person possibly doing something you wouldn't be comfortable with.

Everyones idea of cheating is slightly different, and some are more lenient than others. No one can tell you what you consider cheating.
It could be worse. Remember that somewhere in this world, someone is facing a greater challenge then you. Survive. Fight.
I know. Well at talking stages, dunno if I wanna get back with him or not. Havent decided yet. Better sort my mind out and quick
Cheating is anything that crosses a boundary in a relationship. Boundaries vary depending on the relationship/ specific expectations that people have within the relationship. I don't think there's ever an excuse or good reason to cheat on a person, especially if it's being done out of spite or revenge. I suggest (if you are being cheated on) to get rid of that person as quick as possible. Disloyal people should have no place in your life, and you are strong enough to survive on your own without a partner. Good luck! xx
Thanks for the good luck guys. Not looking for sympathy just trying to understand what happened and why it happened in the first place ...
and I like to rape puppies
In my opinion... It is completely wrong to cheat. If you arent happy in a relationship, just leave. While that may seem like a really bad option, it is a lot less painful than finding out that the one you love is cheating on you... I have been cheated on and finding out was the most devastating thing I had ever experienced. I gave her everything and she went off and started hooking up with my best mate!
...well i use to be a big person on never cheating but i had a guy who i really loved and he told me that he really loved me to...we devised a plan where his girl friend would break up with him and only be with me...we chceated on his girl friend then he stabbed my in the back and said he only ever loved her and all that shit then said we could never talk again...so now idk what i think about cheating because at the time what i did made sense to me..so idk
Never that's so low
People cheat because there not happy with their relationship and instead of either trying to work it out or tell the other it's not going to work and end it, there pussy retards who just ignore the problem and use thier current "relationship" as a buffer till they find somone new.
well tbqh i think cheating is really cheating when your doing something like kiss or further obviously and mean it as in a love way :/ idk i kiss my best friend all the time but i wouldnt think thats cheating because its not on the lips and its because i love her as a friend :3 i dont think any of that made sense but oh well
I would not cheat...
Iwould never cheat...
I need to be honest...
I never cheated...
Never have and never will.
depends on who it is i would cheat on
Cheating is horrible. I think that no one has the right to do that. I have been cheated on and it hurts. I would never,ever be the one to cheat. All it does is hurt the person who u cheated on and u get a rep of being a cheater.
No I would never cheat its selfish and cruel, and luckily ive never been cheated on.
					
					

Do you have any experiences that caused you pain?
Well... Pain is something everyone has to experience. I'll keep it to myself for now.
it doesn't hurt anymore cos i'm numb.
Pain makes you stronger, though I wouldn't call it a friend. Letting yourself become "numb" is unwise. Shows that you would rather tolerate pain than defeat it.
Pain makes you stronger, though I wouldn't call it a friend. Letting yourself become "numb" is unwise. Shows that you would rather tolerate pain than defeat it.
... you know I think you're right... but sometimes I would rather tolerate it
					
					

If you didn't you wouldn't be on this site
If you didn't you wouldn't be on this site
?
who hasn't?
who hasn't?
Who hasn't what?
Had experienes that caused them pain

Ok... I had lots
I understand I keep a lot to myself so not a problem
I understand I keep a lot to myself so not a problem
Ok
iv had alot of painful experiences i just do not talk about them and i would rather tolerate my pain unknown reason makes me feal better sometimes
...just one...after that nothing else ever hurt me...
I've lots of pain both physical and mental/emotional but I don't worry about physical pain cuz it can heal were as emotional pain lingers(in my case..I realize some people are able to heal and over come their emotional pain as well) but like I can brake my arm but give it a month or two n it will be fine I've been struggling to cope with an event from when I was like 3 or 4 and I'm 14 now and I don't think I'll ever over come it I've had to deal with an extremely abusive step dad most of my life and my therapist says that that's were my anger issues come from and I agree bcuz in preschool I never got in trouble but in kindergarten my mom married my step dad and he quickly became more and more aggressive and wouldn't u know 1st grade came around and every little thing would send me into a rage that usually ended with me being restrained or cops but my point is physical pain is nothing compared to emotional I've been in and out of mental hospitals since 2nd grade and it was for depression or suicide risk every time u don't see ppl attempting suicide over a smashed toe or broken leg but u look at abuse victims and ppl with depression and u see it alot
what would you rather be, what is perfect to you?
I'm waaaaay underweight. Though I like myself like this, so it's all good :3
i used to be overweight but then I started losing weight. A couple of years later and I was underweight and I loved it. But I started doing this Insanity workout and now i'm "fit"as people would call it and i'm trying to feel confident but I preffered being underweight. I liked seeing the small numbers but oh well at least people don't annoy me now since I look like I have a little bit of muscle now. So I prefer being underweight or "fit"
I am slightly underweight, but I like it c:
I am way under weight. I love the way I look but I still think I look fat but i don't think being 107lbs is fat. But what ever :/
In between  and working on getting a 6pack
I dont eat much because i havent been hungry. My parents try to make me eat but i tell them i am not hungry i am 15 also 16 and at 78lbs. I dont care of my weight or looks. I like the way i am.
im honestly inbetween,im not fully comfortable with it,i do sometimes hate looking down and seeing the bulge in my tummy tum, if i ha to choose between over and under id choose under because i have no self confidence...id hate myself for being overweight...
Id like to be underweight but Im normal weight now...
If I stop eating again I will be forced to eat donuts by teh mother...
i'd rather be underweight, however i am overweight ;-; i'm working on it though!
mountain of muscle with no weight issues
umm...i think m in the middle  m not sure if m over weight or under...sssoooo...i must be
I am in between though I'd rather be underweight I'm working on it
I'm 15 and 106 pounds, so underweight and I'm fine with it
Healthy, more on the skinny side would be most attractive to me.
Wish I was in between but im a skinny thing need to put on a few pounds!
ok ok i checked...by looking at myself in a mirror...and i am wwwwwaaaaayyyyyy...wwwwwwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy overweight:o
i am way over
So...what's your point of view to the world? Does your eyes see the world is unfair or something like that? To me is something too...
My point of view on the world is that it is a shit hole. Most people here are like assholes and then people are stuck up and just dont give a fuck about your feelings and shit, they only care about themselves.
I agree with emobunny, I rarely find a good person in this world. Usually its some dick who wants to make himself look good.
I think the world is a pretty nice place, I see people who are nice, and grouchy people who do nice deeds. Yes there are those who ruin a day, and war, famine, and oppression, but without those no-one would cherish their lives or the things in it. I believe we expect world peace and when we don't get it, we make the world out to be worse. I was bullied for 7 years, and I still find good in the world, I may see more good because of the pain I went through. Each person has a hypothetical scale of goodNess and sadness. If a person has seen horrifying atrocities then everything other than that is just that much better. If a person has a normal life, where the worst thing is stubbing a toe, or the death of a grandparent, then they see everything as that much worse. I believe this world has a balance, and each person's experiences throughout their lives effects their own perspective on it.
1st person
My point of view on the world is that it is a shit hole. Most people here are like assholes and then people are stuck up and just dont give a fuck about your feelings and shit, they only care about themselves.I agree with emobunny, I rarely find a good person in this world. Usually its some dick who wants to make himself look good.
Exactly as emobunny...it's just so easy to find what's wrong instead of what's right...
I think it is how you take in everything that has happened to you in this world yea there are a lot of assholes but there is also always a person who cares or thinks about you and I see this world through my eyes as both evil and good
Well I think of the world as a giant Yin & Yang sign...it sounds stupid but it's true. There has to be good and evil in the world otherwise there would be no balance. We can't be happy and peaceful all the time because if that was the case then nobody would honest because everyone would be afraid to hurt someone elses feelings. We can't be evil and sadistic all the time (no matter how much it seems like that's the case) because countries would just kill each other until there was nothing left of the world. You have to take the good and bad in life to keep balance but looking at everything like its a disaster will not help at all. You have to figure out how to be strong and deal with the things that life throws at you...make something good out of it. Find balance in your own life. :3 (Wow I sound so cliche right now xD)
Fuck the world and its judgemental inhabitants. I love the non judgemental ones, just not the judgemental ones.
it's round?O.O
Hit my girlfriend today, wasn't in my right mind :/ Isn't bothering to talk to me now, how do I fix this mess??
Bruh, you sorta screwed.
I shouldnt have to say this, but the worst thing you can ever do is hit a girl. Aside from rape her. She wont feel safe with you anymore.
You need to do some serious buttkissing, and stay in your right mind. You do it a second time, she should leave you and have every right.
Hell, she has a right to not talk to you even now. Hitting girls is ultra lame bro.


No. Forget hitting girls. Hitting ANYONE. EVER, FOR ANY REASON OTHER THAN SELF DEFENSE (or playfighting/bdsm related things im not kinkshaming) IS COMPLETELY NOT OK ON ANY LEVEL.
If that girl has any sense she will break up with you, and if you have any sense you will learn from your mistakes and not do it again. Like. Ever. Next time you feel like hitting someone, aim at a wall, or better yet stop the conversation and leave/count to ten.
WTF?!?!?!? Obviously you weren't in the right mind !!!!! Bro your screwed. No girl wants to be with someone who hits them, and trust me, I've been down the same path. My ex use to hit me, so I broke up with his sorry ass.
Theres no advice to be given here. Id say she should leave you, and you should keep your mind and body under control. Abusive relationships always start like that. First time, you don't mean too. Second time is reflex.
Best breaking it off mate hitting a partner is not on regardless of gender and will only cause problems further on down the road as your relationship becomes more serious. Best to let go and deal with your issues before looking for another relationship.
a great woman once said, "if a man hits you once! he will hit you again!"...so...yeah...be best if you stay away from her and learn to control your body from things like that...
What!? He dumped u for his ex!
Oh no he didn't.
Look I think you should be friends first.
In case he deos it again.
Stay well clear imo.
if it was his x...then be friends...they might have something special...if not...bend over to tie your shoes in front of him and show off that fine ass gurl
This doesn't really have much importance but more of just something to think about. Have you ever thought about the details in your life that has made you who you are? Many may be still too young to really have enough to see the chain of events as a benefit. I for one see it as everything happens for a reason but not as predetermined. Though some cases are harder to ignore that as being a possibility. Think about what was the first memory you remeber that had a significant effect on your emotional state of mind and what was your reaction? Would you act differently if a similar occurrence happened to you now? Point being every little thing you experience in life plays a part somehow into who you are or how you interact. Even for someone who feels nothing good happens to them, there is many things you can find that as helpful for yourself or someone else. Life is always going to be a learning experience no matter how old you get. But if you view it as being stuck in a hole well then your just going to convince yourself that and never learn anything from your experiences. What descisions you make based on each event overtime moves you in a slightly different direction of who you are. I personally feel its foolish in a way to beleive in "destiny" as anyone at any moment can decide to completly change there course of life better or worse. Although as i stated earlier that i feel there are many options available that will lead you into a different scenario only if you decide to take it. The unfortunate part is a good portion of peoples lives are not choices they want to or are allowed to make and they generally become someone they are not. Either just going along because they feel they have no choice or just the opposite and refuse to be fake but isolate themselves in the process. Becoming so focused on just trying to find a neutral ground that things they should think about are constantly set aside. I won't get into why so much but clearly thats dependant much on how they are raised. This may not be the case with many but well for me, i was forced to be very independent at a young age. At the same time i was still a kid and had kid tendancies. To me it seemed normal since i didn't know any better for anyone else. Thus a social awkwardness developed from not knowing the difference between the two or how to balance them. Well without straying away from the current topic, i'll just say as difficult as it was, there certainly are not many people who share my train of thoughts or even care to wonder the things i do that have significance in allowing me to do the things i do. I recently found a special individual who is the spitting image of me several years back and its amzing to me to see what people store inside their minds as being very capable people but are held back either by someone or themselves (or both). Having alot of doubt for good reason considering their lifstyle and well it does make people a litle more humble but they lack alot of confidence and never discover any passions they may have. So i don't make this go on much longer, think about who you are vs who you want to be and where your headed. Not as in an occupation but an individual. Consider events, not just the major ones but the random ones you wouldn't always think about. They very well could play an important role for you. I apologize if the end of this stops making sense but i wasn't expecting to type this much....
...
Sorry bro, but Im not reading that.
Sorry bro, but Im not reading that.
I agree that is too long
hey Crankor, what are are you cranking?
so i have had a bf for 3 years now and well you see we broke up and im kinda depressed because i used to spend every moment of my life with him almost im just a lonley person so now he is gone im kinda bored sad and lonley and im scared that i wont get another bf because i have always felt that i am diffrent to everyone else
You are young trust me you'll get another bf maby you should take a break until you get over your ex a little also being different is not a bad thing if everyone was the same life would be boring make friends and do stuff that u think is fun u may just get out of that depressed mood
Awww dont worry. There are always other people out there. No worries your still young you have plenty more of your life to live. Just don't sweat it , so what if your different, is always someone else out there who will love you for you.
NEVER go out with someone if you still like someone else, that is prone to make the relationship a fail... You need to come to the realisation that you dont need a guy to be happy, your okay on your own. Spend sometime single, you need to get over your ex and you need to sort yourself out from being lonely to being desperate :/ You? Weird? Nahh. If someone went out with you before, i'm pretty sure someone else will again. Everyone is unique, doesnt make us weird,it makes us special.

You're still really really young. I can guarantee that in a few years, you'll look back and think wow, why did I feel that way. A few years after that, it'll be a distant memory. I mean, you haven't even started your high school years yet.
so you were 9 when you started dating him and you guys broke up when you were 12? .-. 
And you thought there was going to be a forever? 
LOL. 
I don't know if you are actually 12. 
But if you are, this is really funny.
					
					

Kinda what i was gunna say, i mean your probably really young and some advice: relationships get kinda better after you break up with someone, because you learn what you like in someone and what you don't like....therefore you become more cautious on who you choose. Its not gunna be easy, there's probably gunna be plenty more breakups, some will hurt, some won't hurt as much,  but I'm the process you might find someone near "perfect" for you.
so you were 9 when you started dating him and you guys broke up when you were 12? .-.
And you thought there was going to be a forever?
LOL.
I don't know if you are actually 12.
But if you are, this is really funny.
i totally agree
^ just what I was thinking Trish XD
You know your suppose to be 13 years old to post topics ._. And i think even for this site you have to be above the age of 13...


Don't worry, there are other fish in the sea.
You know your suppose to be 13 years old to post topics ._. And i think even for this site you have to be above the age of 13...

Ooooooo Jem's gunna get ya.
He's going to get that young cunt.
i get it  because you're younger than me
i get it  because you're younger than me

If I am not by much! 
Maybe a few months younger. 
But Matt you like that jail bat.
hahahahha you mean jail bait?...naaaahhhh your just off by a couple of weeks
Hey it was 8 A.M. and I had no sleep .-. 
Don't judge!
And see you aren't even that much older!
Mwahaha Matt is the youngest! YOU FAGGOT c: 
Shush Tony you're only two months older.
Mwahaha Matt is the youngest! YOU FAGGOT c: Shush Tony you're only two months older.
Jem is the youngest though c:
Shut up Tony! D: I may be the youngest but i'm the coolest
Nah Jem is the baby of the group. xD 
And we are cooler, we remember more things. 
like 9/11
Hey it was 8 A.M. and I had no sleep .-. Don't judge! And see you aren't even that much older!
m not older at all
Mwahaha Matt is the youngest! YOU FAGGOT c: Shush Tony you're only two months older.
m a faggot!^.^
Shut up Tony! D: I may be the youngest but i'm the coolest 
you're more than the coolest jem-bby
Nah Jem is the baby of the group. xD And we are cooler, we remember more things. like 9/11
m pretty sure 1995 came before 2001 liz
m pretty sure 1995 came before 2001 liz
1995 before 2001? Nah bro, I dunno what kinda calendar you have, but it's wrong.
why did i click on this just oh god .
why did you even post in this  now we're just gonna pick on you 
oh god .
maddiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!!!!!!!!! when's my new calender coming in!XD
lol in like a few more months xD
lol in like a few more months xD
i still need the 1975 calender for my collection!XD
i still need the 1975 calender for my collection!XD
lol well dont look at me i wasnt even born then XD
lol well dont look at me i wasnt even born then XD
don't lie to me...i know you have some hidden somewhere
don't lie to me...i know you have some hidden somewhere
lol nope i gave them to someone already
D:
I'm sorry
it's okay...i think i know the guy
O.o ummm okay....
What is your experience with mental illness? Diagnosis? Medications? What about the stigmas that come along with mental illness?
Everyone on this fucking forum has some kind of mental illness.....
I'm unsure if this counts in this topic. But I have a lot of fears; which I've spoken to people about. The strangest things. Personally I find some of them quite amusing. Like I have a fear of going swimming & I have a fear of trains. When my friends invite me to places I always reject it because usually they go by trains. I get really paranoid thoughts; and start freaking out. It sounds pretty funny but I'm genuinely serious about it. But these fears prevent me from doing things which kinda sucks. I have to admit though its pretty funny being afraid of water.
					
					

bipolar, maniac depression, sligth symptoms of ocd. i don't take any drugs because i refuse to take them. maybe they can put sanity in a pill, but not happyness
I don't understand why certain people here romanticize mental illnesses. At all. Not only is it rude to pretend you have something when you're undiagnosed, but it makes it harder for other people to understand the severity of a disease.
You think you have a mental illness? 
How many of you are actually diagnosed with a mental illness? Mhm. I thought so. 
Half of the people I hear say they have a mental illness but they make believe they have one and do it for attention. 
I wasn't diagnosed with anxiety but I do have anxiety attacks at times. But I'm not saying that for attention. Now I understand some of you may not have gotten diagnosed because of the medication you know they would put you on. Such as ex: You have depression so they put you on Zoloft. I know people that have said that it made it worse. I have depression. But I don't talk about it. It just hits me out of no where and I just write a poem or two. Maybe listen to music and cheer myself up. Yes, I haven't been diagnosed. Except for one. But the others I know I have. I don't just state it so I can get attention. I don't glorify this.
I have EDNOS and I suffer from schizotypal and borderline disorder... none of them are fun.
I am actually diagnosed with depression, and no for me, the medications don't work.
LOL. I Have aspergers, high anxieties, depression, shall i go on more? I have to take medication, it doesnt help much, it keeps me more level minded to a extent, yeah sure, but it never keeps it away. i'm always thinking, overthinking, bad thoughts lol. Aspergers is my downfall, i wouldnt say its the worse thing to have, but i'd say its one of them.
Its on the autistic spectrum, we don't suddenly get it, we ALWAYS have had it lol. While depression and such could go away, my problems never will. I have to understand people just to get along with them, its taken me 5years to understand my friends and even then i'm still clueless. I'm basically on a different brainwave lol.
My depression i've had since i was little, due to it being passed down in the genes.
Anxieties are there because of my aspergers and my ability of not getting and understanding what others get. And my ability of being socially awkward lol. I have to go to CAMHS which is and i qoute 'Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS) are NHS-provided services for children in the mental health arena in the UK.' every week sometimes, 2 times a week.
I have depression, anxiety and paranoia, and I'm too afraid to tell anyone (irl)
Every time I go to a psychiatrist I end up lying
my reply is going to be out of order, for one, you're 14, you don't know "love" or "passion", you shouldn't be dating a 17 year old, because i believe (at least here) it's illegal. Also it irked me you said you were mature when you had used 'z's for 's's and that might just be because I'm a bit OCD but moving on. Just because you feel 'mature' doesn't mean you truly are, yet again this is coming from an outside view. Not gonna say anything negative about losing your virginity at your age, it was your choice and I honestly hope you don't regret it. I honestly do believe that you might be trying to grow up too quickly and since i cant see what you look like, I cant tell if when you put on make up, you do it well or you just cake your face/eyes in it, he might not like how much you're putting on, I've honestly found that wearing just enough to make your natural beauty enhance makes guys go crazy; and just because he doesn't want you to wear 'emo' clothes or makeup doesn't mean you cant, you honestly have to slowly bring him into it, if you truly want to stay with him that is. He's not being controlling by wanting to keep you on a good path, not let you go to one of partying. He probably knows you better than anyone and if he says that 'emo is not who you are' then he might actually know what he's talking about, yet again outside view don't fully know the situation. I honestly think you should sit down and think to yourself, do I really want this man in my life, do I honestly think me and him would make it through my high school years and his college and then beyond that. I wish you luck with your choice.
haiimaRAWRR explained it nicley. You yourself even said that you just love him more as an individual friend. Dont lie to yourself. At your age theres so many things to learn and experience from life that all effect the ways you think and how you act. Remeber you both will have disagreements on many things, thats normal, but it's how both of you decide to resolve them that determines how long your able to stay together. Me personally i don't see too many relationships at a young age working out long term but usually because one or both just get sick of each other or they started it for the wrong reasons and want to move on to the next. Like not having the same responsibilities as someone out of school and living on their own will expect different things than someone with none and living with family. Desires change and goals develop. As mentioned, the difference in viewpoint, what you think he's like a parent, he considers it just looking ahead in being repsonsible. Doesn't mean the way he is doing that is right or wrong, but just have a talk and find out what you both expect from each other.
Wow..they are both explained it right..so I'm not gonna say much..but uh your 14 kid..kissing and doing other stuff with a 17 yr old??okay first off,does your parents know about this BIG age gap??like come one he can't get no his own age,no offense but this is exactly why you are having problems with your 17 yr old boyfriend,he is WAY mature than you,you have no idea with love is,I'm not trying to be mean but you need to cut the relationship for a lot of reasons,he is going to college,you're just leaving middle school..he hates when you dress emo??? Look Imma just say it straight up kid...HE DOESN'T HAVE LOVE FEELINGS FOR YOU!..also your 14 and not a virgin!??WTFFFFFFF!!!NO SHIT ITS ALL ABOUT SEX...HE IS USING YOU!!-____-sorry kid but just break up with him
Honestly I kinda have to disagree with you HopeUnveiled about the part he loves her..I mean to me it seems that he is stupid just as much she is..he knows that she is way too young for her but still goes out with someone who is still in middleschool but he still takes her virginity???wtf he knows he can go to jail,well only if he smart,which I doubt..plus he tell her not to go to parties??who dafuq made his ass king..yeah some parties are dangerous but fuck this chick is 14 the only danger is pinning the donkey..I myself think he couldn't get no chicks not even a gay dude,so he goes completely out of range to get an innocent child..he obviously is a PEEEEDDDDDOOOOOOOPPPPPPHHHHHHHIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEE..(pedophile)
Okay...first off I'm gunna say that you need to listen to what hiimaRAWRR says because she explained it all perfectly. Hun, oh geez i dunno where to start, okay i think that even if you don't move away you should still beak up because many aspects of what you said just screamed "break up!" (all entirely in my opinion btw). Okay one he's way older than you, he's going to college. And i know alot of people might say oh age is just a number, well yeah it is a just a number but dear you guys are both entering different chapters in your lives. You are going to high school, he's going to college, both very different experiences but you have to understand that he needs to go through things that you won't go through for another couple years and that'll put a strain in you're relationship because he's gunna feel like you don't understand each other anymore, and the sad truth is you won't...as much as you try you won't. Also when he tells you not to go to parties, half of the time he probably isn't trying to be controlling. He's older so hes thinking he knows more and what is best for you which goes hand in hand with the make up thing. It mostly has to do with a need people have to protect someone younger. He's not being controlling or "another parent", he's older and he's probably gone through the horrors of the party life scene and he's just telling you that because maybe he doesn't want you to go through the things he did. I think you guys are just to far apart in you're age difference to have a real working relationship, a couple months maybe a year tops in age difference is okay cuz you're still kinda in the same age bracket, but not 14 to 17. I mean you could try but its most likely to end in breaking up. So i suggest you do that now because you even said yourself twice that you feel its better to go separate ways, you should take you're own advice dear.
forget him and start in new relationship
As most people said up there, You are a fucking idiot. 
This guy sounds like a horrible person. Been there done that. 
Controlling relationships? Not the way to go. It got to the point that I had to lock myself up in my house and only leave to see him. 
Well besides school. But anyway, obvious he was just in it for the sex. And now that he had it with you, he feels like he owns you. 
Think of it as a trophy girlfriend as you will. He doesn't care about you. But he cares about the looks he gets as he flaunts you around.
Honestly get out of it ASAP.
I agree with everyone above me..but only thing I'm saying is that stop trying to grow up so fast,live your life don't worry about boys/parties/dugs or anything else..your only gonna be 14 once so dont waste it on something that's  irrelevant, just let the relationship go
I'm sick to fucking death of being ridiculed or told what I believe in or what I do or wear is wrong. Everywhere i turn, im told to go cut myself or kill myself.. that im stupid or a freak. Just because i dont believe in god or the bible and all that doesnt make me a freak, does it? Its not like i try to scream it out or say anything bad about what they believe in. And my clothes, music or my makeup may not be just like yours.. dont hate me because of it. If they got to know the REAL me, maybe it would be different..  But everyone decides to judge me and say nasty things! im done with it.... So someone just please tell me what is wrong with me? Why am I so stupid, or terrible? Why am I a freak?
At least someone understands.. Thank you.
Life is tuff, it has dark days and  rays of sunshine, 
People are crude, and vicious. 
People who judge can fuck off for all I care.
I was an atheist in a catholic school last year and was hated by all because of it, I know how you feel. When I would be harassed i would turn around and ask the kid if "god" would approve of him emotionally and mentally hurting one of "his creations" and it usually shut him up. But the point is that everyone harassing you usually has that kill switch, hit that and they'll leave you alone, usually.
Thank you guys for helping, I really appreciate it.
Hey guys ..I'm about me being bullied for a sec.
Ok so this is my first year in summer school...so at first i was nervous i thought things will be easy for me..dont talk to anyone...so yeah I made friends..lots of them...so this week shit started to happen to me,this girl have been mean to me and a lot of my friends...i dont say anything just sit there,I've never really been bullied...but since now,I hate this feeling I get when I'm in the class...just sitting there minding my business..she will actually call me out...humiliate me,embarrass me...why?? I haven't done shit to her...now I feel like stabbing myself...i haven't told anyone...honestly I don't know why I haven't...maybe I will feel like I am weak..can't defend myself,letting her make me feel horrible...any advice plz...
Don 't listen to that shit. Use your beautiful smile EVERY DAY! Its not worth letting idiots get to you. Its like a broken pencil pointless. I know people say shit and it hurts but its just a portion of your life. Smile and think of what life will be after you leave that hell hole : It will be amazing and you will have a HUGE STUFFED FISH! AND YOU WILL NAME HIM BUBBLES AND YOUR LIFE WILL BE FLIPPING AMAZING!!!!!! 
have someone beat her up
Okay thnx guys I really appreciate it..I feel a whole lot better Ty a lot 
Your more than welcome : any time!
Bullies are worthless people she knows nothing but to do one thing everyday which is to bully
Ignore the humiliation
I've been through that before
I completely understand how you feel
But the words coming out of a bully's mouth is nothing but false compliments
Don't bring yourself down right away
She hasn't even shown you anything yet
If you feel like your going through hell like that than keep going
You get stronger the farther you go
Bullying stems from other people's insecurities. It's very hard to just "not listen" or ignore it, but that's the best thing to do. Defend yourself in a tasteful manner, and if things get blown out of proportion don't be afraid to tell a teacher or parent. You're a kid for a reason, sometimes it's okay to let the adults take care of you. Either way, try your best to stay strong and confident. Confidence is your strongest weapon.
Heh actually this is how the world is run.
I'm recently being bullied to. By my family and closest friends .. horrible I no but I drain it all out with music and art and once in a while I stand up to them and it makes a difference
Who els has problems telling ur family that ur a scene or a Emo!? am I the only one!?
and dose eanone have probs at school for being an emo or scene!? and how do u get them 2 stop!?
Because ....Because Iv got all this happaning!....well....the school one!
i wat u mean... ive been bulliied for it my mom yells at me for it n my family treats me way different. but as long as u have ppl like u and friends that care ure never alone...
yea i dnt rlly care i have friends n ppl like me n ppl i can tlk to wen they piss me off so im doin good about the whole family thing lol
gd!
thats a good idea! but people think the see me do it....well....ik iv stopped a bit! but ! yh....thairs a boy who allways tells everyone about stuff lyk that in school about me! lyk he acts all big and tuff and grry....it so annoying 
my mom is "emo"
well my parents know just they look and treat me different now because if it
My mom doesn't care as long im not turning "santanic"
i watched it and i read the comments, and i was just amazed at how stupid people are. they just watched one of the best social mirrors ever and they ask how do they have babies?!? WTF? this is a mirror of society. watch it you will not be without a reaction.
I'm speechless right now. Just wow, that was one of the most moving things I've ever seen. And I have to agree with Moon_Panda, some of the comments were stupid beyond belief.
I had to take a few minutes to stop watching every few minutes just because of how much I was crying
it is so sad and we have assholes writing shit like
"this video is amazing. amazingly stupid."
and
"Why the fuck did I just watch that shit"
If gay was straight and straight was gay... I would be gay. No homo, bro.
This video was shown by a homosexual teacher in our school on the last day. It was a school wide assembly and so many fights (more like assaults) broke out at the park later that night. It's terrible to think that we can't just be accepted for who we are. We don't go around and bully heterosexuals do we? So why do we deserve to be tortured and harassed? I hate how people paraphrase the bible. This is why I'm not religious because people have confused me wether or not God or Jesus hates us. If you don't like homosexuals, stay away from us. Don't talk to us, don't look at us, don't even breathe the same air as us. There's no need for your hurtful remarks and broken bones.
Rrrrrrrrrrgghhh I HATE IT I HATE IT ALLL!!!!!!!!!!!
They're so cruel and mean I hate those guys!!
					
					

Ppl are just of heartless asscracks sometimes. Who harasses someone for being different wait ... I know the answer NVM
I'm straight and I had a tear out of the corner of my eye the whole video, one of the most moving and worthwhile I've ever watched. After I read the comments and was just appalled at the shit some people said. Like seriously, you watch that amazing video and all you get from that is "well if there was only homos earth would be extinct" how fucking stupid are these people.

I had to stop this every few minuets to keep myself from crying. I just hate how people can be so cruel and mean to mean who are gays. I mean love is love no matter what. People don't need to be cruel to people who are attracted to the same sex and that is what that shows us. It really irks me when people are cruel and mean to gays or bi's. For example my 2nd cousin is gay and my mother is a total bitch to him because of it, and when ever she is a bitch to him about that i just feel like yelling at her that it's not his fault that's what he is. I just wish people would just except that people are who they are.
Well I've found mine it's never having importance to anyone not even my self. What's your if you know and has knowing helped you?? cause it keeps driving deeper into my mentally unstable mind. Or any ideas to help??? :/
life is depressing me
Well the fact that im never good enough for anyone, the fact that i always get fucked over an played/cheated on, the fact that im the dumb classmate, the hated child the fat friend. Im always getting put second when i put someone first and for some reason ive nvr felt important to anyone im only a tool used to show off with "oh look my gf is an emo isnt her hair cool" the fact that this sentence was said by every single guy/girl i had a relationship with sickens me. The fact that i have no true friend and the fact that noone can accept my fucking sexuality and im refered to as "that emo thing in the corner" im sick of being me and im sick of this life.
Well the fact that im never good enough for anyone, the fact that i always get fucked over an played/cheated on, the fact that im the dumb classmate, the hated child the fat friend. Im always getting put second when i put someone first and for some reason ive nvr felt important to anyone im only a tool used to show off with "oh look my gf is an emo isnt her hair cool" the fact that this sentence was said by every single guy/girl i had a relationship with sickens me. The fact that i have no true friend and the fact that noone can accept my fucking sexuality and im refered to as "that emo thing in the corner" im sick of being me and im sick of this life.
well honey I'd sugest find new friends learn to love and support your self on your own without others and then instead of chasing after others maybe someone will find you 
Omg u guys are so nice :3 thank yu for the advice 
Omg u guys are so nice :3 thank yu for the advice 
I view depression similar to death. It's something that simply understanding why the cause or source does not make it easier or go away. For some it's just there, like thinking of the death of a loved one. The pain or depression will always be there so long as you think about it. The only way to deal with it is to not think about it. You can very rarely ever reason yourself out of it. If you could then you wouldn't have depression. I find it helps to develop some self worth for yourself. I've noticed alot of people who suffer from depression generally live for others and not themselves at all. Start taking interest in things to find something you enjoy and could see yourself getting or wanting to get good at. It's certainly tough to do by yourself but it does counter doubts causing common forms of depression. Don't worry yourself so much about things in life you wish you had, doing that just digs a deeper hole. Focus more on making the best of your situation. You can convince yourself of alot of things good and or bad which your mind makes real, even if you have to fool yourself.
the same thing that's making me depress, doesn't make me depress...it's weird
the same thing that's making me depress, doesn't make me depress...it's weird
I know what you mean bro...
Everything is depressing me I truly think I need help. But who gives a fuck anyways? No one.
Everything is depressing me I truly think I need help. But who gives a fuck anyways? No one.
I wish I could help...
what do you guys think about suicide...
My opinion on suicide is that it's stupid but sometimes it seems right. It's never right but sometimes it feels right...so ya
I laugh wen ppl say suicide is stupid. I mean how can u treat someone so badly to make them end thier life in such a horrible way! Its pathetic treating ppl like shit cz like no normal person would go around destroying others. It just fucks my brain so much thinking abt how mean ppl can be! Well for one thing suicide doesnt end the chances of life getting worse, its the complete opposite if u think about it.
I don't think suicide is being selfish its just an escape route for some people. But some people thinking about suicide are so sick of what they're dealing with and don't realize the people that'd be in pain when they actually act on it. It can tear families and the people close to them apart yes they can move on but its implanted in their heads forever with that same question "why?" It's just so wrong how someone can be so twisted as beating on a person physically or verbally its wrong. But I see it this way while one person is being bullied another one is being raped or beaten or tortured or burned or buried alive I don't know what else but always remember there's someone out there worse than you.
I understand why people would commit suicide and I respect their choice I am pretty sure I will die from suicide but who knows I might not
I think suicide....well, its sad obviously that things got to a point where death seems more comforting then ur own life, but I think it sorta depends. I don't think it means ur giving up bc it mean ur strong enough to make the decision to do something like tht and go though with it. A lot of ppl say its selfish but sometimes you have to do what you truly believe is best for you I guess. But I still think that no matter how bad things are tht they can always get worse & making them better takes only a change in ur outlook on life. There is always someone who cares about you & there is always hope, u just gotta look for it
WELL, MY BEST FRIEND IS TRYING
COMMIT SUICIDE CUZ A BOY SHE LIKES NEVER NOTICES
HER I THINK IT'S KIND OF STUPID THOOE AND SHE CUTS 
HERSELF TOO  AND IT ..... MAKES SAD THAT SHE'S HURTING 
HERSELF ...TODAY IS THE LAST 
DAY IM SEEING HER...CUZ IM LEAVING TO NY 
I TALKED TO HER BUT SHE DIDN'T LISTEN TOO ME
SHE JUST STARTED CRYING AND I JUST SLOWLY  KISSED HER SCARS AND SHE JUST WALKED
AWAY FROM ME .AND IM AFRAID SHE'S GONNA SUICIDE ... 

I NEED HELP.IF YOU CAN PLEASE MESSAGE ME ASAP
Suicide is a choice. They rather kill themselves so that they dont have to be responsible for anything. they don't have to fix anything because they are stupid, weak and lazy and they do it as a munipulation, as in always blaming thier parents for everything. bringing on those guilt trips. same thing with those cutters. They dont wanna take therapy they WANT everyone to be sorry for them. Pathetic.
Heh suicide is for those honestly who are weak minded and don't ever consider being selfish for their own sake as in do things you like to do in life and stop worrying about how things will turn out. Find a hobby or something you enjoy doing and expand from that. If your home life sucks that much well theres always alternatives. Just a matter if you care enough to try. Can't try something only once and give up on it so easy. If everyone did that we would never have advances in anything.
It's tragic; you tried to cut yourself in half,
But this isn't magic; in fact it's something much more dark, or more dramatic
Self harm, that's what they call it.
'Cause it just affects you.
It's your life, your body, so you can choose what you do,
And if one day you can't rein it in,
and of your last breath you are the only witness,
Then so be it, cause it's your last breath,
and it's nobody else's business.
But, how about your little sister?
I mean, you think your life's been bad,
And by no means am I belittling that,
cause I know the troubles you've had
But a teen finding out her sister chose death over life,
Finding out instead of turning to her with your problems, You turned to a knife
That's a whole lot of pain to deal with,
and a whole lot of damage
And the only role model she has is little more than words engraved in granite.
But as you said before, this just affects you.
It's your life, your body, so you can choose what you do.
And if one day you can't rein it in,
and of your last breath you are the only witness,
then so be it, cause it's your last breath,
and it's nobody else's business.
But then, how about your parents?
God knows they've done all they can to support.
Yeah, you didn't go up in a mansion,
But they gave you the best life they could afford,
And the second that last bit of life tickles out,
and your lungs cease to breath,
They've fail the most important task that they will ever receive.
They failed to give their child a life that's worth living,
And that's a failure as long as they live, of themselves, is unforgiving.
But as you said before, this just affects you.
It's your life, your body, so you can choose what you do.
And if one day you can't rein it in,
and of your last breath you are the only witness,
then so be it, cause it's your last breath,
and it's nobody else's business.
But, how about your friends?
How did they fail to see this coming?
I mean, you can only hold so much pain,
and recently it seems like the tap's been running.
Families grow distant, but it's meant to be your friends you can rely on.
They shouldn't be there for just fun and drinks.
They should be the shoulder to cry on.
They should be the ones you turn to,
when you can't talk to your family.
But they failed to because although you didn't ask for their support,
it should have been mandatory.
But as you said before, this just affects you.
It's your life, your body, so you can choose what you do.
And if one day you can't rein it in,
and of your last breath you are the only witness,
then so be it, cause it's your last breath,
and it's nobody else's business.
But then, what about me?
What kind of boyfriend am I?
Instead of living a life I was a big part of,
You would rather die.
Instead of fighting though together,
and turning things around,
You decided to grasp the greener
on the other side of the ground.
If I shared lives there was nothing worth living for as far as you could see.
So if that's the case for you
Then what is there left in this life for me?
But as you said before, this just affects you.
It's your life, your body, your sister, your parents, your friends, and your partner
so you can choose what you do.
And if one day you can't rein it in,
and of your last breath you are the only witness,
Then fuck everything else cause that's not something you've got to live with.
my heart as i called her we were close instead of coming to me she hung herself they took her to the hospital and she died on the day of my birthday january 28 2013 this year she was my only true friend she was my muse my sister to a degree she never hurt me until that day i swore to my self id never cut or try suicide ever again it opened my eyes to the pain it causes
many people will say suicide is a way for a person to get out or take the easy way it is but also it may be the hardest thing to do many people will try and hold on until they just break or think they do but the person who says suicide is the easy way out does not know how that person feals or what they go through so they have no reason to talk also people have feelings respect them or you could push someone over the edge
wonder if it'll be ok...or if something good might happen later on if i don't...
I live with my mother and two little sisters. With each day that passes, It gets harder to live in my home. Every time I tell someone about my story, they label me crazy. So, I hope you'll at least hear me out. I haven't slept for the past two days. I have these so called dreams. When I'm awake I feel like I'm in a dream, but while I'm asleep, everything seems so real. I stooped watching scary movies, thinking they where the cause of my nightmares. I was wrong. In my dream, I'm standing in the doorway of my house. I walk in and latch the locks behind me. All the furniture is gone. The only thing there is my mothers grandfather clock. The clock begins to chime 6:30 A.M. It's dark outside. I walk down the hallway to my bedroom. I stand there for a moment or two, then I turn down the hall. There's a boy. He is dressed in all black. His hood is pulled over his head. I can't see his face. The boy is shaking violently. He is holding a necklace of a a Trecele in his hand. He drops the necklace and turns into a red orb. I walk up to it, and a woman appears from my kitchen and rushes into me. Darkness fills my mind and that's when I wake up. I don't know what this dream means. I also see this boy in real life. I notice him watching me. I can't sleep. I don't feel like myself. I feel empty, like somethings missing. When I eat, I throw up. Does anyone have anything that could help me?
I will have a think about your dream and get back to you with what I think ok hunnie. Your not crazy. Send me a PM ok if you wanna chat more xxx
Talk to a sleep speciality doctor. Its probably a combination of several things.
Talk to the boy
Thanks guys. For all the help.
Alright I'll do my best, also trust me you aren't insane, neither am I. I have a simmilar issue, i dream of dead things, I have 7 total dreams, then (not crazy)  I see dead, a half decomposed deer lying beneath the pine tree outside my home. I don't think I helped, but maybe you'll be happy knowing you aren't alone. Also don't go up to what you are seeing and, talk/touch it, people will think you're crazy. Believe me, my friend thought I was insane when I blankly stared at the tree, and began to tear up.
Sounds like sleep psychosis. It can be brought on by stress and is potentially deliurum. Not saying your crazy, I'm saying you need to pop a benadryl and crash for a few nights. As for the dream itself. Some people believe recurrent dreams means that something or someone is trying to call out to you, and or that you need to do something. The fact that you retain the dream perfectly would possibly support this theory. Instead of dwelling, I suggest that you stop stressing yourself out and get some good sleep. Also meditation might help you. Find a lake and rest by it. If you want some pagan cures message me.
Don't touch the golden monkey, and stay away from mirrors
More or less means you feel trapped where you are and being constanly made to live a life you don't want.
People "push" their own beliefs because thats really what they are told to do in one way or another. Its been said religion is for thw weak minded... i assume thats because thats the only sort of comfort or form of an icon of hope they could ever find. In some ways i agree with that statment but also i do not. I find too many people are closed minded with their current beliefs that they turn into fruit cakes. With so many claiming to be the right one, how can people be so intolerate to alternate choices? I have my own views of what sounds silly and what possible vs probable. Its the reason though that so many are almost forced to believe someone elses view point that so many give up or just don't bother trying. I don't blame them. To me its based on the theory of if someone believes something long enough, over a few generations, then people stop questioning why and instead just accept because it's always been that way. Those are the closed minded people i refer to. I don't see how anyone can pass judgement on their outcome based on their own theories of religion. Until there is a definitive for such, well it's all a matter of preference of what you feel or think using your own judgement. If that means to do nothing well so be it.
Im Christian. Always have. Couldnt change it if I wanted to. I don't believe in enforcing religion. Opinion is opinion...fact is fact. If people could understand the Bible correctly, they would know that ears wishing to hear will hear. It's not like you can make someone hear. Kinda like tying a mule to a post.
So...it's just safe to not talk about religion on EP unless someone can agree with you.
There are a lot of dicks out there. But sometimes it is good to look at it from their point of view.
In their mind, you are going to go to hell, it is not that they do not like you, they want to be with you in the next world, if there is one.
Hell is not a nice place, and if your kid says to you that he or she is going to go hang around a bad neighbourhood, somewhere you know will not lead to good things you will try to stop them. You will do everything you can to try and do what is best for them, most of these people do not have any dislike for you, they are just trying to make sure you do not end up somewhere bad.
Wat do u do when u like someone who doesn't even know u exist?
get their attention
as for how to do that I have no Idea
umm, kinda brush up lightly against them and say your srry, works for me
Ima so try that! Thx bo!
Shouldn't assume they don't know you exist. They may know and not like you like that, or may like you and be shy. If you're friends, just continue doing what you're doing. If you aren't... well you can try to get into light conversation or wait and see if it just happens.
get their attention be confident go and say to them accidently brush against them smile at them in the hallway every once abd a while
Can't help you here, because i have relationship problems to. I will do my best though. I wouldn't draw attention to myself, but maybe try to privately talk to this person, even if you don't have the courage to do it just try, before somebody else does. It took me to long to work up the courage and for it, I lost all trust and kinda hate myself and some people around me.
Put toast in an envelope...
Put toast in an envelope... y?
Well try to talk them more often
I have probs I have been hurt all through my life I don't trust anyone but my friends I wouldn't want advise from myself
Soo.... let me get this straight, Your friend made a Sim... and your sim slept with his sim GF? On your command, or his, or CP?
oh wow xD hehe
Drown the sim version of yourself in the pool. Its the closest you can get to Harakiri in that PG rated virtual world. Protect your honor.
Press Ctrl + shift + c
Type in boolprop testingcheatsenabled true
Then drag up your friendship to bestfriends c:
No Leah, this is about an IRL friend.
My friend doesn't like me anymore. He made me in the sims and my sim slept with his girlfriend. This is really serious, I need help on how to get my friend back!
There is a reason for that. you stole my sims microwave and killed plants. That is why i took your girl. She said i was bigger than you....
There is a reason for that. you stole my sims microwave and killed plants. That is why i took your girl. She said i was bigger than you....
 THAGUY! OMG! FUCKED UP! XD You're small.  JK! XD
THAGUY! OMG! FUCKED UP! XD You're small.  JK! XD
You're so mean to me. I'm like the nicest guy ever.
Well if he specifically hates you for that then tell him that its just a game. If he hates you for being emo, it happens, I've lost a few friends 'cause they thaught I was a freak, or was wierd and would make them emo or make them less popular. To reiterate I'm sorry ,but you loose friends when you go emo. Good luck!(You'll need it)
This is a simple matter of following your heart. You need to be with people who return your love, if Kenny doesn't do that then it will only push you away. Austin is another matter. I'm not sure why you two broke up bit to put it simply, your young. Your mind is muddled from hormones and such. Try stepping back from relationships, and just pursue something that you love to do. Like Art, writing, reading, etc.
1. Maybe hes gay 

2. Maybe he just wants to be friends
 
3. Imm sooooo sorry bout the gay part
But u never know.. ^-^
well i was right kenny just wanted to be friends and austin got a gf but im happy being single so its ok thanks guys!!!
I like cake.. cake can fix anything, cake is god
Well,im glad happy now ^-^
i have those days like everyday
The thing is that I have really bad anger issues, but it takes a lot to piss me off, so, yes, I do have times in the middle of one of my episodes, I know I'm going insane but I do nothing to calm myself down...
i think i would fit in in an asylum quite well.
Yup all the time
No i already know im insane....i lost my saness a few years ago i was weak and let the bullys hatred get to my head and it really screwed me up
I think I was born with a low count of sanity
Insane in the membraaane, freds insaaane got no brain!!
but no one in this fucked up world could be sane if you think about it
we're all messed up together
I know I'm messed up but fuck it
i think that insanity or "going insane" doesn't even cover it for me .-.
Everytime
Eh. I face severe bipolar alongside with depression, and was already rehabilitated once. Insanity is my thing c:
i'm a cheeecake
I have been really sad and depressed lately and like I said in my other post I have been clean from cutting for a year but I cant take this pain much longer im tired of getting knocked around and being made fun of and im tired of school I have been thinking about suicide lately and today is the worst I just want to die everyone thinks im happy but im really dying inside everyone think my life is so perfect I cant take this bull shit anymore I am afraid to tell someone they might stick into some dumb institute or something
Well the good thing is its almost summer so you wont have to worry about people and school as much, and maybe you should call suicide prevention? we dont want you to comit suicide because (you better believe it) people care about you! we all kinda want to live just a little, hang on to that little bit of hope and fighting spirit!
Hang in there. Don't let those assholes get to you. Summer will come and then you won't have to deal with it. Maybe stand up to them? Let them know that its not okay to mess with you.
thanks I will try
Life is made up of choices. You choose to survive or you choose to die. You choose to be weak, or you choose to be strong. It's your choice, no one can make these choices for you. Your getting bullied? So is every other kid in America. Kids in Africa are getting killed in their sleep, you should be so fortunate to live in a place where the only real thing that can hurt you is words. Everyone in society wears a mask to hide their shame and insecurities. Take that mask off and rise above the fear and pain. Pain is only temporary, fear is shallow. It's your choice to defeat them, or let them defeat you. Good luck, get strong.
Live.
im trying...

Yay!
so I have been clean from cutting for about a year now but lately I have just gotten the urge I don't want to but I am so tired of the pain I feel everyday I just need help I don't want to go back to where I was because I hated everything about me when I did anyone help how can I fight this urge I don't want to think about dieing anymore im tired of the pain sorry if I sound stupid but im so serious
try doing something time consuming to keep your mind off of it. Think happy thoughts or talk to a trusted friend or family member about it. Do something you like to do. Think of reasons not to do it... draw or write to keep your hands doing other things.. writing poems and drawing help me when im sad. its usually something dark and depressing but it works. Just try and find something else that helps you. in stead of cutting your self write what your feeling, or the names of people who hurt you on some paper then, cut up the paper. telling people how you feel helps a lot to. it gets things off your chest so you dont feel so alone and like no one understands you. if you need someone to talk to you can message me anytime(: .. i hope some of what i said helps.
talk with someone about how you feel
(feel free to message me)
if life is horrible or something similar see what you can do to improve your life
I have a theory that most of the time when someone wants to kill themselfs it is a not because their life suck it's because you are not getting the life you want
so see how you can reach that life you want
thanks guys
anytime mate
your welcome (:

oh and the song helped thanks 

Addiction is quite a strong urge. Ask yourself the serious questions. Do I want to quit? Do I have the strength? Will I let this addiction control me, or will I have control over myself? Your body is your own. You can only defeat your demons by facing them. Face your demon, and don't let it chase you.
im fighting the demons and have been for a long while thanks for supporting me you guys and I really am trying to stay strong it gets harder but I know in the end it will get better I will continue to do the things you guys suggested thank u thank u thank u so much
today was not my idea of a great day... i decided to to stand up to bullying and do the day of silence. my bro (best guy friend) which he isnt after today. spent a whole period bashing on me and just making me feel like crap. then after school all the day of silence supporters and people who took the pledge talked about how our silent day went and i broke down and cried 3 times o.o the first day ive ever cried AT school.... and now I just feel like worthless crap and ugghhhh .
Im sorry
yea... ill survive... i guess :/
:0 im sorry that happened. and your ex best friend was like that. But thats greatthat you did the day of silence thing and stood against bullying (: ... dont worry about what other people say. and if he was being like that to you then he was never a real friend.
:0 im sorry that happened. and your ex best friend was like that. But thats greatthat you did the day of silence thing and stood against bullying (: ... dont worry about what other people say. and if he was being like that to you then he was never a real friend.
thanks  it was tough... and yea, we are no longer friends
I know how you feel the same kinda thing happened to me im so sorry that happened to you :[
Hello everyone.
We are a group of students from Denmark. We need help with answering our survery.
We are doing a study on subcultures, and we decided to try and understand the whole concept of being emo. I hope that i don't offend anyone by labelling it as 'emo' - but that is the best verbal reference I have in my vocabulary.
Please hlep educate us, we would be so grateful!
Here is a link: xxxxxx
All data will be handled anomously, and wont be distrubuted and deleted after use. The use will consists of analysis, used to create graphs.
Thanks in advance everyone.
nope gtfo no1 is here to be your research project.....
Ok.
we got all this talk about North Korea and the U.S. how North Korea is going to strike the U.S.... I got opinions on how if this were to happen in 3 ways, North Korea might have the tech to reach us and send a missile, there might be an inside man that the U.S. government knows about and doesn't want to inform the public about, or we bomb them first making China mad and them getting involved. So yeah... Hopefully nothing happens and they just continue to bluff.
no comment
Don't think I care tbh.
so they have some shiny missile
if they want to attack use bioweapons instead the
cheaper and hard to trace
lol I thought it was north korea and south korea that were going to war?
I don't really follow this kinda news, so forgive me if I've gotten the wrong idea... but I wasn't under the impression North Korea was directly targeting U.S at all? Tensions are high and precautions have obviously been taken but I would be incredibly surprised if North Korea has any intention to actually attack the U.S right now. Not because 'U.S is badass and would squish them' but more so because sparking a world war with nuclear technology at the level it is today would practically be world suicide.
so they have some shiny missile
if they want to attack use bioweapons instead the
cheaper and hard to trace
Moron. Do you know we have laws that stop their use. The problem is N korea is threatening to leave the Nuke agreement. Couldn't use Bio weapons too.
lol, I'm Australia, so If the rest of you go to war, we'd go too....yay life, I SAY BOMB EM ALL!!!!!
in a way it would be the end of most living things execept maybe cockroachs and some single-celled organisms until the radiation ends
why cant the countries be like Hetalia?
why cant the countries be like Hetalia?

If that was reality, we would all be violated by Russia.
because humans are violent animals
If you or someone you know needs help, but isn't comfortable with going to a counselor right away, there is a website that is VERY good to go to for any questions you may have, or even jus an ear if you need to talk.
It's a bit strict on what you can post, but VERY helpful. Mainly designed for suicidal people, it also has various other forums for depression, anxiety, PTSD, DID, and many other disorders, as well as suicide, loss. and a chat.
I recommend it for anyone who wants help, but isn't comfortable with going to a therepist or even posting on here.
www.suicideforum.com/
Glad to see lots of views. If anyone needs to talk, I'm always here or on there, username of Ahmandah (or AhmandahAnarchy).

Feel better c:
I started smoking when I was 14. Had my first cig however when I was 12. I've quit 3 times for a total of 4 years.
I keep starting back up which drives me nuts. And now, I can't seem to stop. All the times before, it was easy and I did it without a blink of an eye, but now, I can't seem to keep my hands off them! I've cut down from 3 packs of Marlboro Black Red 100's and 1 pack of Black and Milds a day to about 1 pack of the MBR 100's a day. But that's as little as I can go down.
Any suggestions?
I haven't used it because of the mental health issues not mixing well with it 
But my other mother used it and it worked well for her, she just wished she could take it longer than she could.
i don't smoke...but you should try spending your cigarete monry on candy instead
I'm pretty sure almost all smokers get lectured enough on the effects of cigarettes enough to know the risks.
Or talk to a doctor about quitting.
I am pretty knowledgable about the negative effects. I also have a good book on quitting, jus doesn't seem to work.
I looked at Chantix but that's pretty expensive.
I also tried toothpicks and gum which did the trick last time, but it's a no go this time. .
Well I wouldn't know since I've never smoked 
But c'mon you know what it'll end up doing to you in the long run.
The easiest way to stop smoking is to start smoking something else, like weed. WORTH IT.
The easiest way to stop smoking is to start smoking something else, like weed. WORTH IT.


The easiest way to stop smoking is to start smoking something else, like weed. WORTH IT.
i have lost all hope for this generation.


You have too much time on your hands if you made this character by character.... lol
no.....
You have too much time on your hands if you made this character by character.... lol
My fingers are now bleeding...
But it was worth it.
My fingers are now bleeding...
But it was worth it.
*puts bunny bandaids on your fingers"
Seemed fitting. XD
btw, at 6 a day (average) with peaks of a pack a day, and lows of 2 a day.
Doing better, but trying not to be a hardcore bitch.
I Tried 4 times to stop myself smoking cigs.
Nothing worked also because i really don't want to stop myself for now.
I just slow down and now from 1 pack/day i smoke just 10 cigs/day.
The only suggestion can be the electric cig if it's legal on your state.
Also you really want to stop or it will be ever a fail.
Most long time without cigs:2 months...damn me.
I've never been smoking.. I can only imagine how difficult is it to give it up.. (maybe I could compare to other addiction I used to have but anyway..)
It is possible to do this if you are consequent and really want it.
My dad stopped smoking after 15 years. He was eating a lot of sweets at first ^ ^ I liked it cause I was stealing them from him. After some time he said that the same smell of cigarrets makes him feel bad and he wouldn't do this ever again..
I wish u be succesful as well :3
I started smoking when I was 14. Had my first cig however when I was 12. I've quit 3 times for a total of 4 years.
I keep starting back up which drives me nuts. And now, I can't seem to stop. All the times before, it was easy and I did it without a blink of an eye, but now, I can't seem to keep my hands off them! I've cut down from 3 packs of Marlboro Black Red 100's and 1 pack of Black and Milds a day to about 1 pack of the MBR 100's a day. But that's as little as I can go down.
Any suggestions?
First off you need to actually evaluate if you actually want to stop or just think you do. Quiting before and starting again suggests otherwise. Then Meditate on it, Mediation is very useful.
You should try to get professional help
Doing way better. Almost completely quit ^.^ Still have a cig about once a week cuz of stress at work but it's kosher.
Okai today was the most weirdest school day, under a bakery lession today we had a 4 kilogram block of chocolate, and me and a one of the girls in my class got the task too cut it so we could fit in the microwave, (this was fine chocolate so it is wery hard) so we have some problem too cut it
Suddenly my classmate puts the knife down and says " I'm so sure an emo used this knife to cut themselves so it is damaged" 
Seriously why does people always think that emos cut themselves.
And what do a guy say in a moment like that
It annoys me how most people automatically assume that if you're 'emo' you cut.
Its so annoying! Not everyone cuts. Everyone is different. People cope with physical and mental pain differently to others.
Long distance and Online are very different so I'll have to split this. Meeting someone who you like who then has to move far away is one thing, meeting someone online is something entirely different. The first is kinda cute that you try to stay together and imo pretty awesome if both parties can. The second is not so great. Spending time with someone in person is important, online time does not even qualify.
From a psychological point of view, relationships are a result of bondage on an interpersonal level of emotion. This is something that happens generally in-person, which means that relationships work best in-person. This is not to say, however, that online relationships aren't feasible - they are. This does unfortunately mean that two people in an online relationship who have never met will never develop strong interpersonal bonds of emotion (They WILL have bonds, but not as strong as those made in-person). This is why online relation generally don't work as well as real ones. And I haven't even started with trust issues, nor basic human needs & wants.


Possibly, but not easy. LDRs require an awful lot of trust and patience.
For me, it never worked out.
They dont work...FInd real penis/Pussy. VIrtual isnt as fun. Masturbation can only help for so long til you get bored.
aslong as your both happy then its fine
donate blood?...hahahahahahah just make them happy or at the very least smileX3tis what i do when i see random sexy sad people
Just do ANYTHING you can to stop her, if it's possible, try not to leave her side and distract her from thinking into cutting herself.
It hard to be around her, most of the kids in our school are cutting themself now, it like a thing now. I really don't get it
Tell an adult.
Tell an adult. But to me, it sounds like a stupid fad and something she is doing for attention.
Jus incase it isn't, tell a school nurse, or her mother. Those are the two people to go to first.
id just talk to her and try to be a good friend suggest stoping but dont tell her to stop as if it wer a command or something
The best you could do for her is just be there if she needs someone to talk to. That's what I did for my best friend when she was my best friend. If she doesn't want to stop (which it's really hard to stop) then just be there for her to clean up the mess. That's what a true friend would do.
if it's a fad then leave her be
if it is real first ry talking then if that fails she most likely needs help
How does EmoPuddle feelabout taking major prescribed drugs? I'm not talking about over the counter shit, I mean heavy meds, presribeb by a psycholoist/phyciatrist and such. Cos i'm one some heavy medication and i'm reluctant to take it. Your opinions/experiences go!
Uhhhh forgivemy spelling but prozack, xanax, Respridol, and ritalin
This is a touchy subject. Everyone reacts to medications differently and many people actually benefit from taking them. Bad doctors and crappy judgement (not to mention abuse) have caused many people to jump to conclusions about it. I honestly am not looking forward to hearing the rest of this thread blow up. inb4 everyone chiming in with horror stories about how bad it is based on their own personal issues. Fact is personal opinions of anyone on an emo forum (or any forum e_e) don't really matter when you should be relying on your own judgement and taking the advice of those who are qualified where you are not.
Just take it it's meant to make you better that or find an alt source or way of compensating for it. My brother recently got Type one diabetes and had to take 4 injections a day he hated it at first but after a month he said he's just used to it, sure he still feels shitty everynow and then but so do people who aren't on meds. He's only 12too.
I am extremely reluctant to take medication unless it truly is the only way of aiding the issue.
It may work in serious cases where the treatment has to be instant... But I wouldn't stand for it if it's for a longer time.. I think it's like controlling the body/ brain reactions but it won't solve the real problem behind them.. So if I had to take this medicines I might get drunk as well to think i'm ok for a while...
Im currently on risperdone for ticks and prozak for depression
awww thank u ^-^ U make me feel accepted and it means a lot to me 
Well if you're the first option then it's not going to be as bad for you. Transvestite literally means cross dressing, however in this day and age what are 'men's clothes?' Typically girls who dress boyish are just assumed tomboys or lesbians and aren't treated as harshly. As for the neko part? Well that's just cute. People might find you odd.. but meh.
I agree with the others. These days, no one really cares about girls crossdressing. People only care when guys do it, unfortunately. But go for it. As cliche as it sounds, life's too short to not be yourself.
My parents are christians but their morals are way different from mine. I am a christian but some of their beliefs i just dont agree with and they yell at me for not feeling the same way they do. For example, my friend was sent to a christian boarding school because her parents didn't accept that she was bi so their gonna try and "change her". When i told my mom about this, she thought it was a good idea. when my mom told my dad about my friend he said he wouldnt accept someone like that in his house. what he doesnt know is that im bi too.
How do i deal with this? i would really like some advice.
well u cud tell em....or wait till youre an adult and say 'ITS MY LIFE NOT YOURS! IM BI AND IDGAF WHAT YOU THINK!' xD or sumfin like that i guess....or just tlk to em....
Try telling him. If he doesn't accept you then don't change your religion either. I know lots of gay or bi sexual christians. If he doesn't see that who you are is bis sexual and a christian then just don't push the issue he may grow into it eventually.
thank you for the advice c: it really helps.
I wouldn't bother with telling them when at your age you may not even be positive as to who you are.  Why make problems over it?
its not that i want to tell them because i thought the same things as you guys. i dont want to start any trouble. but its just hard to listen to their opinions and then him saying that he wouldnt except someone like that in his house. like wtf?
thank you for the advice c: it really helps.
Welcome  glad I could help.
All organized religion seems to be bad. indoctrinating bla bla, However there is nothing wrong with being religious, I find that atheists that complain about religious people are no better infact worse. You see religious people feel the need to hit out on atheism but that doesn't mean we have to them. Let them believe in what they want it's their lifes after all if they kill people due to this matter that isn't my problem nothing can be done about it because they simply won't listen but the more peacful athiests are and bla bla will surely turn a few heads.
I do not believe in any deity though i mediate.
I don't believe in anything the bible torah etc is just books filled with fairytales to make people believe doing good and crap will bring an afterlife that you will love and shit the closest religion I have is La verne Satanism where the "god" is me myself and I because that is all that matters to me
Personally i find killing yourself to be weakness it shows you are unwilling to even try and change the situation you are in.
How is it whenever i talk about someone else's opinion i'm Scolded by pretty much everyone but as soon as i voice my own it's like... Hey Arron fuck off k.
I do Firmly Believe that, If you actually want to change the situation you are in you will get up and do it, because as humans we have that ability.
The way i see it, it is yout life. Make the decisions that you want to make. Even if that decision is to kill yourself, i mean it's going to happen someday anyway so you know. Just a person should be really sure they want to kill themselves before they do it. As far as HOW you should kill yourself, make it quick and easy, Kurt Cobain that shit.
I do Firmly Believe that, If you actually want to change the situation you are in you will get up and do it, because as humans we have that ability.
Well that is true, we are capable of doing that but sometimes people are too scared of trying and failing, also, sometimes it's an awful lot harder than just turning your life around. My friends older brother had quite severe autism and hung himself a few years ago. Some things that get you down are a lot harder to overcome than others.
I do Firmly Believe that, If you actually want to change the situation you are in you will get up and do it, because as humans we have that ability.
Once that far gone into depression you can't see change happening. It's tunnel vision where there is no future and getting up to change anything. Having the ability to do so as a human doesn't come to mind when you can't see anything in front of you.
i am kinda try to kick my addiction to stuff like xanax,oxycodone,and aderal. and i just got perscribed aderal and its already hard to keep myself from over using it. can i get some help please?
Have someone very special to you, stay with you, have them tie you to your bed, and they'd feed you, until your body has finally flushed the meds, and the need for them, as soon as possible, then be let go, once you're completely audible and you can do allot.
but i dont have anybody anymore
Hire a migrant worker to smack you in the balls everytime you take drugs.
This seems like a matter of willpower rather than addiction as Adderall is no where near being in the same drug family as the others. The steps to get help are clear and obvious with the information the internet holds. Posting on an emo forum isn't one of them.
I'm sure theres someone that needs help...
So since the mods refuse to do anything, we get to use hateful insults to anyone and get away with it yes? No one, but a few people, cares if insults that deal with the homo or bisexual crowd are used. Even though these insults can cause people to experience depression, anger, and suicidal thoughts, I see them used all the time without any punishment or warning.
          Outside of insulting each other, spamming goes unpunished too. Not a word being said to anyone by a mod. It's complete unfair shit that makes E.P. look like a shitty place for trashy people. No one wants to be respectable. Why the fuck not?
oh shut the fuck up and quit complaining....
I wonder what people be saying?
Why would you care if someone comments about you or your sexuality? Just ignore it and don't whine to everybody else...
Spamming is dealt with 99% of the time and I'm sorry to say but there is no rule for 'do not insult anyone', this seems to be something you feel should be a rule instead of an actual one - the rule we hold is not to cause arguments with people. As for gay/bi insults I'm a little surprised and you can PM me more info on that, mainly because the majority of the member base is not straight so this is a little odd.

On a side note, the above comments apply, but perhaps a little toned down - don't take such comments to heart, most people just like to tease/troll a little.
^ couldn't have been said any better than how Snow put it.
I'm not saying add "Do not insult people." to the rules. However, calling a gay or bisexual person a faggot is a hate crime. I know it is, I'm going to law school. Today Wolf spammed like a mother fucker and nothing was done.
					
					

Why do you assume they know that you're gay/bisexual?
They're going to call you a faggot no matter your sexual orientation.
Also mod's aren't guaranteed to be on 100% of the time as we do this for fun, it's not like we're paid. If you experience problems with another member whilst no mods are on chat (don't forget to check who's online, likelihood is there might be a mod online and not in chat) report the person in questions behaviour with evidence of their 'hate crimes'- which, being legitimate, will be acted upon.
I will have to agree with you on one certain point here....Mods here do not do their job. Only when they want to and/or are paying attention or are online...Like Leah/Dani/nina. Me and Leah were the strictest mods here. We constantly gave warning then kicked remotely if they did not stop after. Then kicked maybe once or twice more then banned if it still continued. Now we have mods who do almost nothing. They were given mod on stupid reasons or just dont give a fuck or just dont come online. Maybe Ep would be better if mods were not so shitty and/or did their job. Except Leah/Dani/Nina who do their job when they are online. Other than that....no. I dont care if no one likes my opinion or whatever...but this is the truth. I used to give a fuck about this place at one time but after I lost my modship (because I left EP) i noticed when i came back why many people do not stay here all that long. Maybe better mods would change that in a great way and people would stay longer.
I will have to agree with you on one certain point here....Mods here do not do their job. Only when they want to and/or are paying attention or are online...Like Leah/Dani/nina. Me and Leah are/were the strictest mods here. We constantly give/gave warning then kicked remotely if they did not stop after. Then kicked maybe once or twice more then banned if it still continued. Now we have mods who do almost nothing. They were given mod on stupid reasons or just dont give a fuck or just dont come online. Maybe Ep would be better if mods were not so shitty and/or did their job. Except Leah/Dani who do their job when they are online. Other than that....no. I dont care if no one likes my opinion or whatever...but this is the truth. I used to give a fuck about this place at one time but after I lost my modship (because I left EP) i noticed when i came back why many people do not stay here all that long. Maybe better mods would change that in a great way and people would stay longer.I agree, I have already made the decision that I am leaving. Don't worry about it.
Only proving my point....more.
Well, there are 4 chat mods and 3 forum, therefore a total of 7. 2 Of the chat mods have only just been bumped up and naturally can't be called good or bad because of it yet, you've listed 3 that you approve of, one is currently on a break and the other the longest standing EP mod - that's 7/7 Mods. Not bashing your point about who's good, simply pointing out the facts, facts that actually suggest you approve of the majority of the mods that have been a mod long enough to be judged at all.

Extra point: this discussion is about events in chat, which you actually state approval of 2 chat mods (the other being a forum mod), which, is actually 100% of the mods given time/chance to do anything at all. The other 2, as stated above, are new mods.

As for mods not being online, this was claimed against one of the mods you're currently supporting too. Again I will have to repeat, I monitor the activity of every mod, every time I come on to make sure they are active and coming online. Just because you do not personally see a mod on does not mean they are not on at other times, it also does not mean (in reference to forum mods) that they aren't dealing with reports on the forum.
Insults are universal, if someone aims/insults at someones sexuality; its nothing special in the first place that should make it "exempt from being insulted"; it makes you weaker if you have to be protected from EVERYTHING.
Report the person in questions behaviour with evidence of their 'hate crimes'- which, being legitimate, will be acted upon.Also, this. Nobody can complain about people getting away with things if you don't report. Usually a mod is present and around, however if for any reason things are not solved then you simply have to report them. That will send a notification to all the senior mods and admins, explain the issue on the report and it will be looked into/dealt with.
Done.
Freedom of speech.
So since the mods refuse to do anything, we get to use hateful insults to anyone and get away with it yes? No one, but a few people, cares if insults that deal with the homo or bisexual crowd are used. Even though these insults can cause people to experience depression, anger, and suicidal thoughts, I see them used all the time without any punishment or warning.
Outside of insulting each other, spamming goes unpunished too. Not a word being said to anyone by a mod. It's complete unfair shit that makes E.P. look like a shitty place for trashy people. No one wants to be respectable. Why the fuck not?
Right have you heard of life? all that shit happens there too. the way i see it if you can't handle it you shouldn't bother asking for it by making yourself a target. At the end of the day most people on here are fairly boring and an insult or two tends to liven the place up not to mention gets you used to them, have you thought about terms of endearment. or the fact that the insulter is just insulting people because that is how he is? he's just messing around and doesn't mean to hurt people?.
You going to say no to people like that joining the site? Because that doesn't make you any better now does it.
The reason people give gifts to others on Christmas is because they thought God gave them a gift when Jesus was born and wanted to honor that and pass on the that gift (even though he was born in the summer...). They put ornaments on trees to reflect the little light they had considering Christmas is close after the darkest day of the year.
christmas is just another holiday you have to get through yes for christians its about jesus but to everyone else its just a holiday. its funny because in other countries there santas are goblins or nomes even once i read about how one had goat feet...? just a fun fact
Meaning of Xmas : Credit Card
I'm sure it was thought up by someone who really hated turkeys o_O And loved Brusselsprouts
Christmas is just another Holiday that I cant fucking stand.
It makes some ppl think about others even if it's just for a while. Most of ppl need this time. However it is spoiled by commerce and egoism... Still Christmas is sth different than our everyday struggle. And it could be sth beautiful if we get rid of haterd... (even if beautifl not always equals happy)
In The Netherlands, Saint Nicholas has black helpers. Just a fun fact.

in france there are two santas the good one and the bad one that will whip you if you are bad
and the rudolf the rednose raindeer
instead of saying "you even say it glow"
they you think he would of drank a little
hi my friend is deeply in love with this girl
and she is leaving the state ,
he's in so much bad that hes thinking of death.
I tried helping him but nothing is working. hes said only she can fix him...
I am worried for my bro hes slipping to deep in the darkness...
If there Bf/gf you could try and get there relationship to countinue online, If she does not want to do that...
what you can do is take him out to partys and he might find someone new on his own.
I wish but the dude is to deep in love he dosen want any one else
Also reading this will help
also Tell an adult, or get him to ring a Suicide prevention hotline.
Dependency and love aren't the same thing.
I had this abusive ex boyfriend. He physically and mentally abused me. Last year in September I stopped all contact with him after a pretty serious fight. Ever since he has been watching me from a distance and stalking me through my younger sister and best friend (kills them with 1000 questions), he even comes to my school and stands around my classes....anyway during the time we were together he manipulated my whole life until I had shut everybody out but him...I'm still trying to sort my distant act now. So recently my parents got divorced, life has been tough...and I have begun having feelings I thought I had gotten rid of. I don't have any romantic feelings towards him, but I feel this urge to run back to him, to have him be there....I'm really scared, I don't want to go back to him but after his years of manipulation I still feel the fear and helplessness of having him gone. I know I sound really pathetic but, I don't know what to do
Do you really need back somebody who was able to abuse you physically and mentally?
make it clear you don't like him anymore! tell you're dad about this guy and if that doesn't help then tell some other male relative or take a bat and crack his skull open.
you need to make it clear to this dude that you don't want him. MOVE ON! or even confront him yourself, if he is makeing you or you're family members uncomfortable then you need to tell him that.
Its just really hard, because he made sure I had no one but him for years, so I just got used to it. But when I finally got strong enough to get rid of him its like I forgot that he isn't there anymore. But yes, I have tried to avoid him but I think I'm going to confront him because I am getting really sick of this BS
you dont need that....i know
I had this abusive ex boyfriend. He physically and mentally abused me. Last year in September I stopped all contact with him after a pretty serious fight. Ever since he has been watching me from a distance and stalking me through my younger sister and best friend (kills them with 1000 questions), he even comes to my school and stands around my classes....anyway during the time we were together he manipulated my whole life until I had shut everybody out but him...I'm still trying to sort my distant act now. So recently my parents got divorced, life has been tough...and I have begun having feelings I thought I had gotten rid of. I don't have any romantic feelings towards him, but I feel this urge to run back to him, to have him be there....I'm really scared, I don't want to go back to him but after his years of manipulation I still feel the fear and helplessness of having him gone. I know I sound really pathetic but, I don't know what to do 
Don't Confront him and he clearly has not changed if hes doing all this, so don't beleive a word he says if he is turning up at your school and he does not work,learn at it or,have a very good reason to be there... then its called stalking and you should get the police involved.!
Thats if hes old enough to be arrested other wise get an adult and tell teachers you trust!


Its just really hard, because he made sure I had no one but him for years, so I just got used to it. But when I finally got strong enough to get rid of him its like I forgot that he isn't there anymore. But yes, I have tried to avoid him but I think I'm going to confront him because I am getting really sick of this BS
What if he hits you or has a knife?
He really isn't even enrolled in my school.... He is a year older than me, and I am thinking about getting a restraining order. I have warned all my family and friends and I have a lot of support now...so thankyou for all the advice, it was really helpful
Whats the update? you alive? is he still doing it?
Me and my family might be moving soon. We might be moving back to the states.
So I was wondering where would be the best place to move where there is a a lot 
of emo people? I would appreciate any comments, thanks!! w
Why not stay in the Netherlands?
Never seen anyone like me :c Plus my parents been planning
moving back to the states  XC
well if you come to california pack some sunscreen though I've never seen emos'round these parts
I grew up in florida so I'll be okay ^w^
I can't even
I just..
I know its hard to find people like us I only saw people
like us once or twice but thats it T^T
oh well i guess
My Parents are "hardcore Christians" and don't like black and things like that. I don't know how to still be like that and like how I am.
My parents are as well "Hardcore christians" and were the same way for quite a period of time. It took some time for me to talk to them about me and things I wear. They all thought I was in devil worshipping or some shit. But I still wore what I wanted and didnt give two fucks. But my point is do what the fuck you want. As long as you are happy with who you are and what you wear....WHO THE FUCK CARES.
How can someone be a "hardcore christian" and then discriminate someone my friends grandfather who is a pastor came in to talk to our Philosophy class and he says that true devoted Christians only judge those who they have a covenant or a close relationship with....so unless your parents are in a close relationship with every black in the world then they have no say to judge.
Try showing your parents some Christian metalcore, some sick bands!
christians have no right to be judging like that... my mom is a "hardcore christian", and she doesnt judge too badly but she still doesnt agree with some of the things i like, just because she "thinks its ugly". not allowed to strech my ears because "she doesnt like it". not allowed to get a sidecut because "she doesnt like it". it pisses me off. i have christian beliefs, but seriously... i'd rather be more like a jesus that loves all rather than a "christian" that judges.

christians have no right to be judging like that... my mom is a "hardcore christian", and she doesnt judge too badly but she still doesnt agree with some of the things i like, just because she "thinks its ugly". not allowed to strech my ears because "she doesnt like it". not allowed to get a sidecut because "she doesnt like it". it pisses me off. i have christian beliefs, but seriously... i'd rather be more like a jesus that loves all rather than a "christian" that judges. 
Well...people...just don't talk about religion...opinions are like asses, they stink and we all have them. It's better not to since athiesim vs Christianity goes on too much. The truth is free to those who want it....
LOLOLOLLOLOLOLOLOL haaaa look at everybody lookin like idiots what noobs

Phoebe had a major rage
More entertainment :3
LOLOL Matt is getting mad.....This is simply just beautiful
but m not getting mad
Ohai gais. I herd there was an anti-religion bandwagon in the area. Have you seen it?
Well, today i just got word that my best friend who i have loved all my life killed himself. it is killing me inside. almost 4 years ago on my birthday in april i lost the love of my life to suicide. he did not know that i loved him. he was bi but more gay. he was the sweetest guy in the world and someone broke his heart. i tried to help him with his pain but it seemed me being there was just making his pain worse and making him suffer more and more. that night me and him both held onto one another crying just wanting that pain to go away. soon we both fell asleep. i soon woke early in the morning to him bawling his eyes out. he had lost all hope and what he would do would haunt me for life. he blew his brains out on his bed and me. i cant remember how long i held his lifeless body. how long i screamed and cried until i was numb and horse. i remember finding i alittle bunched up purple piece of paper in his lifeless hand saying "i will ALWAYS love you first." and i little heart at the end with my initals "LES." all that time i knew him as kids growing up so close together... he could read me like a book... he knew i loved him with out saying anything.... after his death i lost myself. i started cutting. overdoseing. teying to off myself so i could be with him... but every failed attempt made me lose my hope.. and this death is gonna drive me back to that numb dark place. someone please talk to me.. tell me it will be okay... dont silence urself when you can help someone... pl-please... :'(

REALLY YOUR JUST HEARTLESS. It is beyond true. Judgemental @$$ 
REALLY YOUR JUST HEARTLESS. It is beyond true. Judgemental @$$ 
Is it because you do not know how to read or your just to heartless to care about someone else besides yourself?
Wow. That's sad. But really, I would be lying if I said everything is gonna be alright. Life is supposed to be filled with pain. Some may receive more than others. Your life is your life. Do with it as you wish
True but others seem to not care more or less understand the pain I am in. The hurt I am sufferering. I thought this was a place to let lose and be accepted. Not to be judged. It hurts really.
True but others seem to not care more or less understand the pain I am in. The hurt I am sufferering. I thought this was a place to let lose and be accepted. Not to be judged. It hurts really.
You didn't seem too distressed in chat pretending to be a cat and behaving fairly social.
There's hotlines you can call if you truly need to talk to somebody and aren't just using the topic of suicide for seeking attention.
Inb4 massive shat fest of people telling you emo is a genre of music.
really enlightening...coz most people tend to think emo refers to suicidal people only while its just A MUSIC GENRE!!!!
That doesnt answer the question.....
Would you like a pacifier and baby bottle to go along with that tamper tantrum my little child? lol
You are getting mad and throwing a temper tantrum like a 5 yr old child lmao. Its soooo kewtttttttt Lyk 0hhhh emmmm geeeeeee
Let's not.

Seems like the only flesh slashing little bitch is you, Just saying.
Lolz. The only thing the forums are good for these days is trolling.
Well i believe all emos are different...cuz everyone is different
^Agreed
Wow this escalated quickly. Now now girls.
I know not how to stop cutting, because I haven't been to sad, I just have major violent streaks, also, sometimes my hands are itching for the self distruction... just... cut in places that don't contain and vital organs... I mean not to sound as if I'm encouraging you, but you have to stop if you really want to... if you're willing to let go of that type of familiarity in your life. All in due time, but once you get older, they will forever serve as a reminder to you of what you went through, and the fact that you are stron for living through pain, every day of your life, you are strong for not taking the coward's way out.
i put a rubberband around my wrist and snapped it as hard as i could, consistently until i got bruises. but the bruises wear away and youll stop doing it less, and it will get better.
mind over matter, try meditation or substitute. running is a good way to take you're mind off things, or writing or all kinds of art,for and example i wanted an outlet so started gaming. it takes incredible strenght of mind and will power to stop just like that and even then the emotions just build up and then you feel like having a bladestorm on you're skin but it is much easier to start substituting.
You should make your busy when you feel you want to cut.. and dont be alone. I used to cut but I stopped just because I didnt like the scars.. after a while I forgot and didnt do it again.
And.. it maybe help you if you talk to somebody about that.
i do the butterfly project...i works for me sometimes
Thanks Everyone :j
how are you doing with stopping
I'm not celibate. I just don't like sex. Or relationships. But then again I don't call myself celibate, I'm not abstaining for any particular reason other than preference, let alone religious obligations.. eurgh. Who knows, maybe one day I'll suddenly be into promiscuous sex. Unlikely, but I'm not going to rule it out as a possibility.
uhhh have no idea -___-
Nah. Then again, Im not promiscous. But I do look forward to the day when sex happens.
I've met only one person who made a vow to be celibate for the rest of his life...in my opinion celibacy isnt for everyone it depends on how strong your mind is to make such an oath to yourself...My friend can see women naked and not have any sexual desires whatsoever...No he's not gay lol
celebi
things that are useless or have few positves
braces

positives								   negatives

*make your teeth straight		 *stratch the inside of your gums
											  *painful
											  *cant eat:
											   chips
											   chew gum
												 candy
																   cant drink soda
															rockstars monsters....
																harder to brushyour teeth...
																 annoying
																   leave "railroad tracks" on your teeth once removed...
expensive
					
					

having sex with animals 
having sex with animals 
Making things illigeal, no matter how funny or pointless, deadly or true, will make people stop
Making things illigeal, no matter how funny or pointless, deadly or true, will make people stopnot exactly... people still do drugs...
Cigarettes. For everyone. Iiiiiiiiick
Making something illegal just makes people want it more, like in amsterdam, hardly anyone there smokes weed and if you do you're seen as a loser, in france, kids get drunk at a really early age so they tend to not care about going behind their parents backs with beers etc. I think alcohol is far worse than cigarettes, at least cigarettes don't make you abusive and violent
smoking...
drinking in public places unless its a night club, pub or cafe etc that have licences
Jews.
^ DaFuQ? .___.

Anyway anything that causes other people pain or breaks something of someone else's
not exactly... people still do drugs...i mean just because it's illegal doesn't mean people are going to stop.
chavs and haterz
anti emos
Indecent moob exposure. o_O
whats a moob?
Moob. Man boob
oh doy than my dad would be illegal o.o
people allergic to pineapples?
Fat men in bikinis?
people allergic to pineapples?And I hate pineapples. Does this mean I'm going to be arrested?
Nah I was only kidding
Okay :3 If it were true, I'd be so scared

RUN FROM THE COPS
She males.i mean they could atleast cut it off/get surgery.
LEPRECHAUNS AND POTS OF GOLD AT ENDS OF RAINBOWS O.O
Heels
Justin bieber haiir!! ~
alcohol
Waking someone up for no goddamn reason
smoking
nobody cares... if it's iligal or no they don't stop... like weed and so it's iligal but they do it... grafiti it's iligal but they do it... alcohol under 18 years it's iligal but.. guess  they do it  some ppl cares but yea that's only 5% or so i dunno xD
STEALKING AMII'S MUFFINS AND COOKIES D;
Amii what muffins and cookies  you don't have it...

cause i stole it
kissing when friends r talking with ya or so  really annoying
YOU STOLE THEM THIS TIME!???!! GAAAH

I'm going to kiss someone every time you try to talk now xDDD 

Just kidding, that's a bit slutty.
i stole them always 

now i don't care if u kiss someone
alcohol
alcoholwhy ?
weapons
Andy Biersack. Should be illegal. He takes over too many minds. Damn that man and his body.
Lawl, I love how you wink to that, love
bored things must be illegal xD
Pink
nuuuuuuuu
wait the singer or collor cause if it's the collor omg O_O

yellow
Pink camo coats at the paint cages.... I was invited to play a game of paint ball and the only slick they had for me was pink camo! Can someone please tell me, in what environment on the face of this planet I would need pink camo?! Am I going to war in a nipple factory? The guys live because they blend in and I'm supposed to be stuck out there looking like hello kitty threw up on me?
Lying, or leaving things out that should be said that could save a person alot of time/trouble.
Hypocrites.
Oh. And I'm with EvilActivity on that

I would have shot them in the ass xD
Fat men in bikinis? that just gave me nightmares amii god damn nightmares
i don't know how you would enforce it but lying should be illegal
Honestly... You all are very inside the box... Think outside the box goddamnit! Frigging Paris Hilton and Joan Rivers should be illegal!
I am personally going to get tons of hate for this as I always do for sharing my opinion  But I think abortion should be illegal and uh...the death penalty should be illegal...and uhh...Hmmm...drugs o.o...Let's see...any sort of animal abuse. :x
well, if you make tons of pointless things illegal people are bound to do it anyways..just look at marijuana...
I am personally going to get tons of hate for this as I always do for sharing my opinion  But I think abortion should be illegal and uh...the death penalty should be illegal...and uhh...Hmmm...drugs o.o...Let's see...any sort of animal abuse. :xi hope you don't getted hated at cuz i agree with you
Fat people in two piece bikinis. *shudder*
Everything should be legal because illegalization doesn't work. You can outlaw theft, or you can remove the motivations that cause people to steal. You can put drug addicts in prison, or you can give them the treatment they need without stigmatizing them. I don't believe in punishment, forgiveness and free will. Society should treat crime as a problem, instead of as an evil. Only this way can we prevent such things from happening in the first place. Laws don't make problems go away. They're just a way for society to point fingers and throw around punishment. But if there's no free will, then there's noone to blame or punish.
					
					

I think there should be a limit to the number of books the school requires you to lug around! XD
having sex with animals 
I basically have no "real" friends to talk to so I decided to just post to random people who wouldn't have a preconceived opinion of me. The only people who could be considered friends are just people I talk to at school. No social interactions outside of school whatsoever with anyone that I don't live with. Even than I don't even interact or just really talk about stuff with my family. Lately I've been thinking about what will happen later on in life and it scares me that all I can see is myself being alone. I've never had any kind of romantic relationship with anyone before. I just think that ill never find anyone who will actually like me. Part of it can be my fault since I don't go out to try and start any kind of social interaction. I just stay at home monotonously going about doing nothing that actually means something to me. After basically 4 years of this I'm starting to think for the rest of my life this will be all ill ever do. I just feel completely awkward around people in general even if I've known them for years. I just can't feel comfortable around anyone. Might as well stop it here so I don't just pile all of my inane problems onto people I don't even know. The reasoning for me just doing this is so I don't just bottle every problem I have inside of me. This way I can felt some sense of contentment knowing I actually told someone about my problems. Something I haven't done since I was a child and it basically became harder for me to talk to anyone about even basic things. Oops kept going a bit there didn't I?
Awweh see now I feel like I really wana get to know you. You don't meet ppl very often with a story like yours. I'm Veronica. You just seem so sweet and I hope we get to talk soon
hmmmmm...you might start by doing whatever you do inside, outside instead...like playing your video games...you could go to an arcade...and other stuffings
tis fun running away...but...i guess i wasn't in le same situation as you...m sorry to hear that
ok...


Aww :/ n i was just thinking of it too...
i thought about running away two or more times.. i knew it wouldnt work. i would be put on house arrest.. and that would suck!!
running away
I thought I could tell my Aunt anything, and she would support me and listen to me and try and help the best she can. Turns out I was wrong. I've been thinking about suicide lately and I'm scared out of my mind I'm going to do something awful. I told her, and she told me I have no right to feel this way, if I'd just take the stupid pills she gave me everything would be alright(they don't work BTW) and I'm a dumbass for not listening to her.She said my life isn't all that bad now so I have no reason to feel this way. She said everyone deals with suicidal thoughts and Im just a pussy for admitting Im scared. She said she dealt with it so I have no right to complain to her. She said she'd take me to a clinic, but she made it sound like it was a waste of her time and the Dr's would just agree with her, and again I'm a whiny idiot.Im So shocked. I thought she would help me. What's funny is she threatened to tell my therapist. I already told her and she didn't yell at me, didn't tell me I'm wrong. She listened and asked questions. But my insurance is stalled, so I can't really see her when I need to. The worst feeling in the world is being told your emotions, something u can't control, are wrong, especially by someone u thought u could trust.
I was dumbfounded. Speechless. I was scared out of my mind, I just wanted her to listen to me, not fix the problem. Idk if I can even say what the problem is exactly. And the worst part is she made it sound like I was blaming her. I didn't say that at all. I never once implied it.was her fault. Now I feel part of it is, cuz I just lost all trust in someone I thought would be there for me when I needed them. I'm so scared. I've been crying my eyes out all Night. I'm so scared. I can't stay like this much longer. I can't live with someone who values personal pride over autonomy. I just want the right to feel, and trust someone with my feelings w/out being judged.
Well she is trying to help you. Suicidal thoughts are completely and utterly unhealthy and wrong. I can't believe you'd make the case for broken trust on this honestly since no trust is really broken.
You know you can trust me. I've never once judged you on anything. I know that serten aspects of your life may be difficult to handle. I know because I've dealt with some crazy shit. I've also had thoughts of suicide before, but I was to afrade to go threw with it. Then i realized I was trying to run from my problems. So I worked to fix the problems I evenualy succeeded, but it truly does get dark befor the dawn. Just remember there are people who love you.
You are strong to admit you feel weak and helpless. But think, perhaps what you said scared your aunt and she felt she needed to say something. I'm not siding with her, but trust only your self, and those who want to be there for you, test them. You can feel happy, I haven't felt happy sense I was 6. I have a warped mind as my intelligence is quite vast and it has destroyed my chance for a normal child hood as fuckers have done the same, all ruining me. I've been raped twice, and violated on a bus for half a semester by a group of 7 boys, and in 4 abusive relationships and all have left me and I've never been in a good relationship, and I was about to kill myself till my knight in shining armor gave me a reason not to let go, and trust me, I was ready, you will find your knight in shining armor. It may noy be tomorrow, it may be years from now... but hang on there, girl, hang on and you'll find him, and don't bother looking for him, he'll find you. I suffered for 9 years and I found it... damn... I sound old... LOL... I'm not, I'm 15... but you'll find him so think twice because he is also in the same type of pain and if you die, you're also killing him.
I used to cut, but i stopped. Havent dome it sinc
e may, but my girlfriend of almost a year broke up with me. She was the thing keeping me away from the edge...now im really afraid im going to do something worse than cutting...
please no  your life is precious it will be okay *hugs and paws* just down and think happy it will be okay in time
I get what you mean...but theres a lot more than that...its not just the relationship...
Keep your self buisy. It's easier to drown out the pain that way. But I've never had a relationship I enjoyed. I always counted the days down till the inevitable break up. But sorry for your loss, from what I'm told, all life is precious and those cut short are the hardest.  My attempt to make one better.
i'm sure she wasn't the only thing "keeping you from the egde"...for instace, we are...so try not to do anything harsh...m sorry for suggesting what to do
i have cut too!! and still do! its really addicting.
My grandfather would like for me to get baptized at our church and get more involved with God and all that mess. The problem is that I went Buddhist and few months back and haven't told him or some of my other family yet. I don't wanna be part of something I don't believe in yet I can't bring myself to tell him or anyone else in my family because I know it will deeply hurt them. Everything I know is already pissed at me and if my family gets upset then I'm on my own. I'd appreciate it if someone could give me some advice to help with this. Note: I'm not here to take somebody's bull or deal with their comments that are meaningless to my situation. So if you gonna complain do it somewhere else. Thank you
Fuck Religion....
I agree with shawn.
Athiest here.

But the best way to go for you would to be to just let it all out. Sure they might be kinda mad, but they're still your family and if they can't except that you chose a different religion then I don't know why you haven't disowned them yet. Just tell them, keeping secrets is never good.
					
					

I agree with shawn.Athiest here.But the best way to go for you would to be to just let it all out. Sure they might be kinda mad, but they're still your family and if they can't except that you chose a different religion then I don't know why you haven't disowned them yet. Just tell them, keeping secrets is never good.I'm sorry, but you must have never met an Irish Catholic mother.
Welll i think u should tell them...i know wat u mean by getting more ppl pissed of at u cuz i was in the same situation a while back...im an atheist too n i got tired of my perants forcing me to practice something i didnt like so i just ended up telling them that i was atheist. They thought i was joking and that i was commiting a 'sin' but then i started asserting myself more on how i felt...i stopped going to church and all that other stuff...yeah their mad but im actually happier now that i dont have to preactice something that makes me uncomfortable or that i dont believe in...
      Point is that u should probably just tell them...u should think about more about wat ur more comfortable believing in...i dunno if this helps but i hope it does
If you dont believe in something then lying about it will do you no good at all.
Still, Im sure they will happier with a buddist then one of those militant leftist athiest people. ;]

But if you dont want to totally derange your family, be a freakin saint. If you are a nice person, act nice and believe in some sort of God, then most modern Christians will be fine with you.

Speaking of believing in a god, what exactly does buddism believe? Do they have a god figure?
					
					

Fraid I have to disagee with most of the views here and agree with something that relates to zach's post. You cannot expect a highly religious family to accept your differing religious beliefs. Sure, in a typical agno-religious family that believes but isn't an active member of the religious community then they're likely to accept, but given you're being pushed to get 'more involved' then it doesn't take a genius to work out that your religion clearly matters to your family.

Honestly, if I were you I'd just give your family a little bit of what they want to get them off your back. Given your age it's not like you have to live there for all that much longer anyways (unless you choose to or can't be bothered to work). Right now it sounds like family is more important to you, so if I were you I'd make decisions based off THAT, not a religion you only recently picked up.

Also Hope. You would be very surprised. Many people consider agnostic and atheist people to be convertable and yet to 'see the light' so to speak, while those believing in a different religion to be a lost cause and defy everything they believe in.

Lying about it so that you are not ALONE and ABANDONED by the only people who care about will do you good, shock horror. That's common sense and 'I am who I am' out of the windo'. Rebelling and being an individual is cool and all, in moderation, but please don't openly advocate a life of abandonment just to stay true to youself, especially considering he hasn't actually been buddist for long either - we're not talking about converting the Dalai Lama here.
Well, you should just tell them. Keeping secrets like that isn't really good, especially if you're keeping them from your family. Also, you shouldn't be baptized into a religion in which you don't believe, that's morally wrong...
hmm,ok
May be a little too late but I certainly must say I am quite against the views of most of the folks above.
You have decided to go down the route of Buddhism, which is an atheist religion so you do not have to worry about some god being angry that you are two timing. Following the churches teachings or at least being aware of them will help you to make moral decisions and as long as you are fairly sensible about it will result in you being a much better person.
I may be wrong but I suspect you do not have a Buddhist temple near you so being part of the church may be very helpful.
I really would suggest you get baptised, since you do not believe in a god there is no worry about being sent to burn for eternity if you do not but you really should consider the bond it will form between you and your fellow churchgoers. That is really all a baptism is about, welcoming you into the family of the church.

Also, Grandparents. I really wish I could turn the clock back a couple years to really bond more with my Granddad. I really think you should take any opportunity you can to spend time with your Grandparents and form a good relationship with them and if spending a couple of your Sunday mornings in some old building listening to a preacher is going to give you a chance to do that then I think you should blooming well take it. As for letting him know about your change in religion I have to agree with Falafel. It may be pretty hard for you but I think it would be best for all involved if you just put on a guise around your Granddad. In time maybe you may feel you have a solid enough bond to tell him but for now I really think you should do whatever is possible to repair the connections between you two.
No, do not 'Fuck Religion'. How immature to say in a post as such as this.

I believe it is very strong and mature to choose this path, being a Buddhist and all. But yes, your family are not going to be as happy as you are. At the age you are at, you're beginning to make choices of your own and you're mature enough to, ( hopefully ). When I told my strongly Athiest Father I became a Christian, he doubted me. He doesn't treat me like the same girl he use to know.

Your Grandfather isn't the key adult in your life, your parents are. Tell your parents. Even if they choke with disgust, you must tell them. I guess you have a highly Religious family, well I have a highly athiest family. Its just the same really. But also, try talking to your Grandfather. Speak to him with true honestly. You should tell him too afterwards. It may go badly, but you're 17. They really should be proud of you. Personally, I wouldn't take such a step as Buddhism. But you may have to figure this out for yourself as they may not take it so easy. But they're your family, just remember that. 

Or you could just keep it to yourself, but avoid the subject at all costs. I suspect Religious familys can be incredibly strict, but this is something you're going to have to choose yourself.
					
					

Yes Do fuck religion Stick your huge black dick in its tight white anus....***facepalm*** Religion is for the weak minded.
If they don't let you make your own decisions and mistakes, then they don't deserve your respect. I'd advise you to be polite about it and tell the truth. If they can't handle who you are, and they don't love you for who you are, then you should not waste your time conforming to their standards. Be yourself, be honest and be polite, but be adamant.
My aunt and cousin never watch their kids, and even tho their home, they ask me 2 babysit. I end up getting stuck with wild kids who never listen, fight all the time, yell and stay up all fucking night, and mouth off constantly. None ever pays attention to these kids, so even tho my aunt, uncle, cousin, and her husband are home, when they ask, I feel like I have to say Yes, because I'm scared for the kids. I used to live in a bad home, but at least there was supervision. Where I live now I can't imagine living like they do. Not only do they neglect the kids, but the 12 year old pees the bed(couch. He sleeps on the living room couch) and they never clean it. They never clean anything, the 12 year old is the only one who does the dishes, and only once a week. They trashed the whole house, let the kids treat the pets like shit, and let them run wild. I spent the night there w/my lil bro(babysitting again. My brother and the 12 year are best friends so he came along) and I couldn't sleep. None even tried to make the kids lie down till way after midnight. I slept(not really) on the OTHER couch, And the kids were up all night talking about grand theft auto, and raping hookers(something they'd seen in a movie, Cuz the parents don't give a shit what they watch, not even the 2 year old)I just wanted to go home. Every time I leave there, I'm exhausted, but I'm so worried about the kids, I can't sleep well for days. It seems everyone over there is always on something, or drinking. I feel like I can't confront them, because thell just say I'm an ignorant kid, and I don't know what it's like to be an adult. But I know adults that r doing it way better than them. I hate that they shove their responsibilities on me, and I just take it, cuz Otherwise I feel guilty. Why r ppl so fucking ignorant? And now my cuzzins pregnant with another Kid? How the fucks she gonna take care of it, she doesn't even have baby wipes for her 2 year old, let alone a baby! I'm so scared for it, for all of them, and for myself. Dispite how rude and obnoxious they are, I love those kids and Don't want anything to happen to them. But what can I do? I don't want my family to hate me, but every time I go over there I wanna scream at them and slap some sense and parenting skills(you know, like LOVE and NURTURING) into them. Idk what I should so, or if there's anything I can do(can't call CPS, they're worthless and don't want the kids taken away, I want The parents in rehab and therapy. The kids need therapy 2.  Also don't feel like I have the right , Cuz everyone else in the family knows, But doesn't know how to deal with it either)
					
					

Ppl should care for their kids as they influence their whole lives... I hope I will be a good mother xox
then slap some sense into the parents. and if it don' work then call CPS. if things are as bad as you say they are then those kids will grow up to be junkies, criminals and other kinds of social trash, and that the last thing that the world needs.
I can't. I feel so bad, Cuz my aunt lost her daughter to drunk driving a year ago, and her daughter was raised that way, but was going to turn out fine. More than fine. She had a Full ride to college and everything. I don't want to take her remaining child and grandchildren away. And they are trying. My other aunt(who I live w/) offered to take custody of the 12 year old, but my aunt Linda said no. If she would straighten up, it would be OK. My cuzzin on her own is a good mom, but she has to parent her own kids, brother, and parents. I can't cause more drama for her. I just can't. Besides, CPS doesn't do shit anyway. My dad abused me and my mom and brother and I finally said something, and because I'm just a kid, they said nothing could be done, so He's still out there, and I'm pretty sure He's selling my aunt pills. So they had a chance to help, and I've lost faith in them.
					
					

i'm with markus...but it didn't work for me...so i ignore them as much as i can...you should go to a boarding school like me...tis funX3
hmmm... a lot of kids ik parents don't care and they actually can do what the want some end up in trouble others don't have any thing wrong with them
but some tinme I wish my mom would care less a little cause I HATE STAY IN THE HOUSE ALL THE FREAKIN TIME !!!!!!!!!1
Okay, so I'm really pissed off. Where I live I can't do anything without being judged. It really sucks ._. 
People here can call you bitch or slut for the fuckin shitty reasons. Like the way you dress or the way you look.
I love my parents so much but they won't let me do what I wanna do so people won't talk shit about me (protecting me i guess), but I want to express myself by doing what I feel right. But instead I feel like I'm trapped ;-; As for me, I seriously don't give a fuck about what people think. But it's so annoying. Like now, I'm not allowed to do or dress what I want for the sake of people judgments. I hope those fuckheads would just stop judging. People should leave others alone. Why judge? Why ruin someone life with your fuckin stupid judgments? It's not like you'll get a prize for it  I feel like I'm living for these people & this society but not for myself 

" don't even think of talking bad about my parents, I love them much " 

What about you guys? 
How do you feel about people who keep judging?
Does it annoy you like it annoys me ._.?
Does it affect you or your life?
					
					

Everyone get's judged in their lives, from one point to another. 

However, the way that people are judged can vary.

Often times, if you're standing out from the crowd, or wearing something people aren't used to seeing, 

they're going to say something about it. 

Think of it this way:

Imagine going to school and your teacher wears chicken and banana costumes on a daily basis. 

You'd say something to someone too, right ?

Now, i they're calling you a slut and stuff, that really isn't appropriate. 

I'm just going to assume that you don't dress that way. 

Bottom line, you're just going to have to get on with it. Telling an adult could help as well.
God, I hate when people judge. It makes me so mad.
Everyone judges in some sort of way. I suspect you see girls walking around in unsuitable clothing and something pops up into your head, slut, whore, ect. EVERYONE judges; even if not realising. Everyone does.
I've been judged so much since coming out, the town i live in is really small- only 200 peopl in our school. everyone is really judgemental.. i've learnt to block them all out, even my german teacher judges me and she has never met me...
Everyone get's judged in their lives, from one point to another. However, the way that people are judged can vary.Often times, if you're standing out from the crowd, or wearing something people aren't used to seeing, they're going to say something about it. Think of it this way:Imagine going to school and your teacher wears chicken and banana costumes on a daily basis. You'd say something to someone too, right ?Now, i they're calling you a slut and stuff, that really isn't appropriate. I'm just going to assume that you don't dress that way. Bottom line, you're just going to have to get on with it. Telling an adult could help as well.Can't imagine my teacher wearing that o.OOk I just did xDI don't dress that way at all. Actually, the adults are the ones judging. And the teens are the ones who aren't. That's why it really hurts, cuz you can't seek for help from an adult at all :/
God, I hate when people judge. It makes me so mad.Yah it sucks!
Everyone judges in some sort of way. I suspect you see girls walking around in unsuitable clothing and something pops up into your head, slut, whore, ect. EVERYONE judges; even if not realising. Everyone does. You're absolutely right.We all judge. But some people judges you for the sake of hurting you.
I've been judged so much since coming out, the town i live in is really small- only 200 peopl in our school. everyone is really judgemental.. i've learnt to block them all out, even my german teacher judges me and she has never met me... It's a good thing that you learnt how to block them all out. And that teacher of yours have no right to judge you. I mean, as you said she never met you. Then why judge? She's a teacher, she should be a role model for students but I guess she's not.Sometimes I think that judging is some people's hobby :/
We all judge even when we don't know it but there is more then one type of judging which I don't believe I will bore you with all the fine details of but in any case yeah I hate it when people judge me....
let em' judge me, let em' say i'm weird, different, scary, and so and so on. why should i care what some idiotic braindead morons think about me???
the way  i see it is that the ones who judges have some major self confidence issues.
i get so sick of it, i get people in my school making comments about me because of who i am and what i like. i just try to ignore it and block it out, but some days it really gets me down. I just say try not to let it bother you at the end of the day you are all unique and beautiful be proud of who you are and what you like
Well judgemental ppl are the pits, but all jusge ppl at some stage of our lives
I dont get annoyed by people judging thats there opinion
judging wasn't for humans only god judges and cause sin was created it came along and who gives a fuck if they judge u look and dress diffrent from em it shows tht u r diffrent fresh  and new = special listen my philosophy= never apologize for what u feel it's like saying sorry for being real when em judge they're haters and haters make me famous
ninja    clark kent no super man
Indeed
i hate how people judge. it hurts so many people just because they cannot find a way a person looks or how they dress or what kind of music they listen to. i have been judged most of my life, so in a way i see where your parents are coming from. they want you safe and as happy as you can be.
There's good judgement and bad judgement. 
Definitely take good judgement into consideration. This doesn't mean you have to not do something because someone has told you not to, but at the same time you should take into account the consequences of your life choices and actions.

I am impartial to people judging me. People often belittle me because of my appearance, or make fun of me in the street etc, it's a little upsetting sometimes, I'm not going to lie. But I'm not going to tell them to stop judging me, because in all fairness I judge others for the way they look and don't pretend you don't. I think tracksuits look ridiculous, and I'd never be caught dead wearing certain things, nor would I have sex with lot's of random strangers for fun. 
I only have a thing against ignorance.
Yeah, it sucks, and yeah, it hurts. But, you've got to try to block all of the dicks and douches that make you feel so bad. Just remember that things will get better, and eventually, Karma will come back and fuck them up for hurting you.
I'm the only one that dresses and acts the way I do and I get judged and criticized like a mutherfuker and ya know it does NOT get better...u hav to make it better. It feels like shit and u hav to stand just fuck them off off trust me
I know exactly how you feel. Ugh yes, judging is annoying & stupid.
i don't get judged...or at least i think i don't...hmmmm
I'm judged every day. The constant look of dismay in my parents eyes, the look of disgust in random pedestrians and an embarresed look in the eyes of those who claim friendship. I've been told time and time again by people, sometimes adults, that life would be better withot freaks like me invading it. Sometimes, I belive them.
It's impossible not to judge at all.. If I cared I would get depressed. But who knows who you are better than you?
i hate when im in lab and i get a scapel and a guy says "dont cut yourself" purposefully...flicking people off is fun...
...
i thought i had finally true friends but no O_o
so i want to know it
how can you know that you have true friends...
or how can you see it...
well if they dont ignore you
dont get offended by you
always there if you are down
understand you
help themselves to ur fridge (lol)
muck around wiv you
dont replace you wiv someone else

these types of things...
you know they are your true friends if they help you out, or they never left you. you can also know they are true if they know you better than you know yourself
Thanks
From my experience the only way to test a friendship is time. I hate to be cliche but most good hearted people are right  when they simply say that your good friends will accept and love you for who you are. The best way to build relationships is to be yourself. That way you don't meet people who like you for the right reasons. Once you get passed that situation it comes down to who is there for you when you need them. It is really simple if you think about it.

The easiest way I have found to see through someone is if they are dodging hanging out with or talking to you. If people truly enjoy your company and give a shit about you, they will want to learn more about you as a person.
i don't feel me good with the friends that i have here (in belgium) i don't know  i hope that feeling stops 
some friends not all me friends  but yea that stupid feeling is here so yea  nvm stupid things  

i don't know anymore...
Yes, it takes time to make a true friend. My best friend has been by my side for 12 years now, and with each year our friendship just keeps growing. A friendship requires effort on both sides, you can't have one person doing all the work, it'll just burn out.
Yes, it takes time to make a true friend. My best friend has been by my side for 12 years now, and with each year our friendship just keeps growing. A friendship requires effort on both sides, you can't have one person doing all the work, it'll just burn out.I couldn't agree with this more. Though admittedly, you'll find that friends phase in and out over the years. Just wait and see what happens 2 years after high school. And then college/university. Real friends are few and far between. My suggestion is to hold on to them and enjoy your time with them for as long as you can.
ok then
I don't think there's ever such a thing as a true friend, at least of the same gender. I find it better just to depend solely on myself and not expect others to do things or be there for me. Though don't only take my word for it. I'm probably not the most stable source, if you know what I mean. ._.;
They simply won't dissapear from your life. They'll always be close and even if you lose contact for some time they won't forget about you. ^ ^
a friend will comfort you say'n '' shit happenes '' a true frien will be sitting next to you say'n '' damn dude, we fucked up ''
with that being said and all the the other posts above me i am confident when i say that i honestly don't have any true friends
True Friends:
1. Don't judge you.
2. Greet you with an insult.
3. Are always there for you in need.
4. Know when you are joking or not.
5. They are like a bro or sis to you.
6. Buy you a gift on Christmas or your B-day.
7. Talk about personal shit with you.
8. Hug you when you are upset or havent seen eachother in awhile (over vacation or school break)
9. Will skip class with you even if they know it's wrong.
10. They are just the person you hang out with the most.
11. They will help you up after they are done laughing.


One must first form their annalitical skills. I haven't ant real friends except one but we never see eacother, we text, yeah, but we don't see eachother. He moved. We live, like 45 minutes away from each other now.  But we stay in touch!
When the have your back
and help u get back on your feet when your down.
loyal to u .
they answer back with answers like these lovely ladies and gentlemen have given youX3
Ok I want to cut sooo bad right now...but it's hurting my boyfriend by knowing that I even want to....if he sees cuts on my arm tomorrow he won't be happy with me....but I need to cut to get my bipolar back under my control....it's changing who I am and how I act and everything....should I still cut....?
i used to cut so i know how that feels but i learned to not rely on cutting and neither should you. eventually your gonna have to take a hold of that urge and say no. but the decision is always up to yo in the end. hope everything goes well:}
Thanks but i talked to my bf and me and him agreed I can have one cutting session a month if I need it or I can have three but only able to do four cuts so I used my session last night but I followed all his rules of how light they had to be and that he wanted to be awake and know when I was cutting so everything went good now my arm just kinda hurts a tad haha but thanks for the advice
-_______-
Don't cut -.- It's bad, maybe get a punching bag or find a different way to get your bipolar under control, other than taking it out on yourself...
Plz don't cut. Nothing is worth doing that. U have a bf that loves u and it hurts him to see u do that. Rely on him. Do other stuff to take cutting out of ur head. Find different ways to get all that out. I know its hard but u can do it.  Plz plz dont cut anymore. I know u can do it. Believe in ur self. And no once a month cutting session. That's just wrong.
a good clean break, no easing out of it, the withdrawl is what make you stronger, cutting back ( no pun intended ) step by step is for those who want to erase the past,
don't erase it learn from it. and you have a boyfriend so the withdrawl signs ( if you get any ) will be that much easyer to get over. substitution work great also. i use the arts and sport.
Hope this helps even if only a little bit.
( i speak from expirience )
I know it helps. But I hope you will find another way to get rid of negative feelings ^ ^
I don't want to cut any more. I'd rather have a cup of tea, go for a walk with my music and even sit in a dark room crying.. But not cutting.
It's not good to hurt yourrself. Even if u hate yourself you should try to be a better person instead of destroying your body. It makes no sens. Changes nothing. Nothing for better ^ ^
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAH!XD INDEED GOOD SIR! HAHAH INDEED!XD
I cut. But it never hurts. Hasn't in a while. I just want to feel again. Anything. Pain suffices. My best friend knows I cut. He worries but as long as it isn't near any major arteries or I don't run away, he'll be only uneasy. Sometimes my Bi-polar scares him... I'm glad he hangs in there. If thats not a solid friend it's a pretty good boy friend.  If only. 


We are the children of the future n i feel the future is not in our best intrests andgygy doubg that its evan a future for us anymore
I hear where your coming from but i disagree is it selfish for me to want the best start that i can be given i dont think its selfish for me to want to be in the same situation as some of the more fortunate i am startin from the bottom with my mok in a shelter on deff benifts with only her trying to get money to pay a 1500 rent with 2 children n i dont turn on the tv n hear ppl tellin me what out there to help me what i can do to make it so if a boy from the bottom woild like to get to the top n want a fair chance is that selfish n dam shore ain't idiotic
Snow said it perfectly.
I hear where your coming from but i disagree is it selfish for me to want the best start that i can be given i dont think its selfish for me to want to be in the same situation as some of the more fortunate i am startin from the bottom with my mok in a shelter on deff benifts with only her trying to get money to pay a 1500 rent with 2 children n i dont turn on the tv n hear ppl tellin me what out there to help me what i can do to make it so if a boy from the bottom woild like to get to the top n want a fair chance is that selfish n dam shore ain't idiotic
Answer - Yes. That's the equivalent of a homeless alcoholic expecting you to give him billions simply because.. he's a homeless alcoholic. You should earn what you have by what you have to offer, not from your perceived injustices, which, quite frankly are the injustices on your mother if anyone and not you. In THIS case, it's like the same homeless alcoholic expecting his billions because his father squandered what would be his inheritance.
Ppl are selfish. Everyone wants to have good start. But those who have it relatively good would never understand those who haven't. They will always say it's ok. Cause they're more selfish than you are. Ppl suck. And we have no future cause we don't have power to build it. It's a lie. Future of society is in the hands of corrupt politics and corporations. There is no future for us unless we make it. But nobody will help us out of so-called-human feelings. Our future is a fight. So prepare yourself and don't let them win. Don't let let them break you down.
who is this guy and why is he putting up such stupid topics?
''Children can't be the future because when the future arrives they won't be children anymore.''
About five years ago, my parents went their separate ways. I honestly didn't feel anything when they told me. I saw it coming; they fought in front of me, thinking I didn't understand. They were wrong of course, but it didn't matter. Just recently I've been looking back on that time. Was my mind already in such a corrupted state that I didn't find it strange that my parents didn't love each other anymore? This is where I need help. Should I be depressed about this? Or is it okay to not really care? I'm very involved in psychological therapy and such, but I just can't seem to figure it out. If you have any guidance, thank you, I appreciate it. ~Lyn-Z 
If you're capable of not feeling depressed, then you should not be depressed.


I have nobody...my family hates me..my 'friends' come and go as they please...I try not to get close to anyone because my past is horrible, and I bring everyone down...I am stupid, for thinking that the guy I love is going to wait for me and always act like I'm worth it, when I'm not...I say I never lie but I do, about myself...everytime I'm asked if I'm okay, I say I'm fine automatically when really...when I'm asked that I'm most likely thinking about my past or hoping that my future is death..
Sorry for my rant, but I have no one I could tell this to...so I wanted to tell everyone..
ranting to someone random is fine, Just try to find that one person that will stick by your side no matter what happens, try not to lie to someone about how you feel it only leads to more pain that you feel. You are never defined by your past learn from your mistakes and keep your head high. You will die one day but until that day comes live your life to the fullest that you can... You can always talk to me if you want, Just remember i may not know how you feel and how your life is but know this, i will try my best to help in any way i can.
Well I heard this story so many times, Don't worry I Will walk you through this so you know what to expect.

First, you will cultivate an eating disorder. If you do not actually develop an eating disorder, you will tell everyone that you have. Then you will start dressing to accentuate your worst features. Clothing must always clash with your skin tone, be too tight or far too loose and have an odd fit. You will be drowning in your clothes, or they will be drowning in you..

Now that you have developed body image issues, you must evaluate your school out-put and decide that you are under-appreciated at your job/classes and you hate it, but you can't quit because you still owe visa for all those monstrously ugly, ill-fitting clothes you got at Le Gothic Chateau.

Before continuing your work introspection, buy a box of chocolates to chow down on while you stagnate in front of your TV for 3 hours. Contemplate eating sensibly and exercising, then come to the conclusion that you are too tired and unmotivated (lazy) to get off your ass and do it. Set alarm clock for 2 hours before you have to go to work/school anyway. When it goes off, decide that you can get away with a few more minutes of sleep. Wake up late after ignoring the alarm for 2 hours and rush to your shitty job/school.

To recap so far:

Body image issues - check!

School apathy and loathing - check!

Lack of motivation to change - check!

Now, to top off your impending whinefest, think about all the failed relationships you've ever had. If you aren't seeing anyone, blame it on everything you hate about your life, then blame all the stupid jerks who didn't realize just how great you really are. Glare at your cat as you do this out loud. If you are currently involved, start doubting your relationship. Think of all the things your partner does that annoys you. Become paranoid that they are thinking about ending the relationship. Start accusing them of taking you for granted. Apologize. Start doubting you are good enough for them. Become self-righteous and think they aren't good enough for you.

Call all of your friends and complain that you have no friends. Accuse them of never being there for you. Launch into how pathetic your life is. Apologize. Move through each topic slowly and painfully. Dismiss every suggestion your friends give you to improve your life. Finally realize that all your problems are really your parents fault. Get really mad. Start feeling sorry for yourself because you were so badly treated as a child and it's given you horrible self-esteem issues. Cry. Apologize to your friends again. Reminisce about all the fun times you had when you were drunk/stoned/high. Go out and get drunk/stoned/high. Lament that your life is so terrible that you need drugs to make it better. Alternately cry and apologize until you are no longer coherent or pass out from hyperventilating.

Welcome to the world of the Emo's. You're gonna fit in with everyone just fine.
everyone feels hopeless at some point in their life...
i always do, i hate myself...
it will pass thou eventually...
something might spark and u might realize your not hopeless, that you rtalednt and a nice person...
maybe your life will be turned around once you grow up n start your own life as an adult...
you hav more responsibility and choices once your an adult so things might change...
dont give up hope too easily,be persisant and keep going
Och.... Dierdre, that's a little too much. I know people need too be told the truth to better themselves and pity parties only make them cave in for more attention, but you gotta show a lil restraint on that "tough love."
That was kind of mean...honestly that's not really anything that's making me hopeless, I know that this post was really selfish, I'm not going to devolop an eating disorder or fake one..I'm not an attention whore..what makes me helpless is loosing friends from drugs and rape..being raped at 9, and then again barely a month ago...that's really what makes me hopeless..i don't want attention or an eating disorder okay?
Nobody wants those things hon, Don't take what Evi says too seriously. She's harsh indeed but She was just trying to make a point that it's not too late for you, she was trying to scare you straigth by telling you what could potentially happen to you. You gotta turn your life around before you hurt yourself. 

Don't let the terrible things of your past define who you could be in the future. Nobody wants to live THAT future right?
I have the same problem and for me it seems the further on I go in life the worst it gets, sometimes I have thought of susidal thoughts but I keep my head up even if I'm really down. People always say it can only get better well I'm starting to think thats not all true but I still look for something good every day and sometimes it works. Letting that out was good for you even if someone hates on you, you cant hold in everything forever. Good luck  and if you ever need anyone to talk to about this I'm sure there are lots of people willing to listen.
Well.... My family and friends hate who i became..my friends deserted me and my family thearted to kick me out behind my back. they should be happy for me for just being me.i feel so alone. i have no one. and worst part my mom burned me and she said I was in the way. but i wasnt. sometimes i feel i should just get rid of myself so they dont have to for themselfs.


The key to life is get confidence get balls and just get on with it everyone has been thru shit thats what life is about
Arron's right, brah. Be the boss. Your ego needs to get bigger!
Your not alone in this hun. Lots of other people, hundreds of thousands, go through this, and we all know it's tough. But it ends the moment you turn 18, which is a small amount of time, considering how long u can live. So just wait it out.
Then you can move where ever u want, u can party, be yourself, make real friends in different places.
There is much more of a life to live once you turn 18, so just wait.
Good always comes to those who wait. and for those who get tired of waiting. They take the freedom. And that is ok too.
It's ur life, and you have the power to control it. So do.
Well I heard this story so many times, Don't worry I Will walk you through this so you know what to expect.First, you will cultivate an eating disorder. If you do not actually develop an eating disorder, you will tell everyone that you have. Then you will start dressing to accentuate your worst features. Clothing must always clash with your skin tone, be too tight or far too loose and have an odd fit. You will be drowning in your clothes, or they will be drowning in you..Now that you have developed body image issues, you must evaluate your school out-put and decide that you are under-appreciated at your job/classes and you hate it, but you can't quit because you still owe visa for all those monstrously ugly, ill-fitting clothes you got at Le Gothic Chateau.Before continuing your work introspection, buy a box of chocolates to chow down on while you stagnate in front of your TV for 3 hours. Contemplate eating sensibly and exercising, then come to the conclusion that you are too tired and unmotivated (lazy) to get off your ass and do it. Set alarm clock for 2 hours before you have to go to work/school anyway. When it goes off, decide that you can get away with a few more minutes of sleep. Wake up late after ignoring the alarm for 2 hours and rush to your shitty job/school.To recap so far:Body image issues - check!School apathy and loathing - check!Lack of motivation to change - check!Now, to top off your impending whinefest, think about all the failed relationships you've ever had. If you aren't seeing anyone, blame it on everything you hate about your life, then blame all the stupid jerks who didn't realize just how great you really are. Glare at your cat as you do this out loud. If you are currently involved, start doubting your relationship. Think of all the things your partner does that annoys you. Become paranoid that they are thinking about ending the relationship. Start accusing them of taking you for granted. Apologize. Start doubting you are good enough for them. Become self-righteous and think they aren't good enough for you.Call all of your friends and complain that you have no friends. Accuse them of never being there for you. Launch into how pathetic your life is. Apologize. Move through each topic slowly and painfully. Dismiss every suggestion your friends give you to improve your life. Finally realize that all your problems are really your parents fault. Get really mad. Start feeling sorry for yourself because you were so badly treated as a child and it's given you horrible self-esteem issues. Cry. Apologize to your friends again. Reminisce about all the fun times you had when you were drunk/stoned/high. Go out and get drunk/stoned/high. Lament that your life is so terrible that you need drugs to make it better. Alternately cry and apologize until you are no longer coherent or pass out from hyperventilating.Welcome to the world of the Emo's. You're gonna fit in with everyone just fine.This might sound weird but you would be an awesome therapist. You actually tell them how it is all my therapist does is say your life is awesome and all that mumbo jumbo crap.
Everyone has a story on why they became emo, some are worse then others (and some just like cutting their arm to get attention). Your looking at the negative side of the story. On one side of the table you have your horrible life events and on the other you have your good ones. Don't look at the bad side it will just cause you more pain. It's called your past for a reason. My aunt used to tell me when I was a little girl that when I got older I would look back at all the things my mom said and did to me and that I would hate her for it. She told me to think of life in three terms when I felt so low that I wanted to hate my mom for never being there when I was a baby. You have the past, the present, and the future. The past has already happened it's your history. The present is happening it's your gift. The future will happen it's your dream. So when you feel so low that you feel you have to think about the bad things don't because that just makes you feel ten times worse. And don't be stupid and do self harm just as B1ackMateria said it's stupid. tell your family you love them even when you don't think they love you.


Ugh I'm starting to sound like my therapist:(
Hey i know what it feels like. My mom hates me & she makes it very clear that she does, even though she trys to turn around & say she loves me & that she cares. I got a bf & he says he loves me but ik its only a matter of time befor he realizes im completely worthless & not the girl he thinks he wants to be with. He'll leave me sooner or latter even though I have fallen inlove with him. My friends are nice to me one day then turn around & call me a whore, slut & bitch the next. Im stupid & completely worthless to the world. The only ones that make me feel loved & keep me wanting to live would be my horses who seem to understand me completely. My horses are the best animals ever, Ik they love me but their the only ones, otherwise im all alone
hahahahhahaXD
life will always give you pain :/ but just find a buterflie  everything will be ok
Im in difficult financial situation. My mom is losing job (post-srisis redundancy? kind of..)
My bf does not have family, home and job... I try to help him and he's trying his best to find the job but it's difficult nowadays.
But I'm scared to lose a flat if I don't pay bills. I'm living with my bf but dad doesn't know about it.
Then my dad does not accept my bf and even my style. He's type of tyrant and I have poor contact with him D:
My grandma is seriosly sick. She loses consciousness cause of brain cancer. Idk how long will she live.
Yesterday I made a test and probably I'm pregnant.
I'm trying to get a credit for my studies (I'm 2 year student) but I need to pass all the exams all the time and now I'm expecting a baby.
I haven't told my parents yet.
I'm scared...
T.T
Woow... That are alot of problems for a girl like u 
I think it's all crappy now but everything get better..
After rain comes sunshine??
Wow that sounds lke a tricky situation if advice is what u are lookin for ive been somewhat there before i say clear your mind an examine all your problems and worry about the most important one you may b pregnant so dont stress your man needs find a job let him worry about that its hard for a guy to deal withnot havin a job your probably makin it wores bh worrying. Right now do your studies cuz thats your base in your free time study n help ya man look for a job help each other reashute each other that u love each othere n itll work. Yout parents tho GOOD LUCK
Step one - get rid of the baby. Quite frankly I don't care for religious beliefs, but bringing a baby into the world when you're clearly in a horrible situation and wont be able to provide for it is one of the most selfish, cruel and horrible things you could do. Fix your life first, baby later. If you choose not to? Then honestly the situation upcoming will be nobody's fault but your own and nobody will be able to get you out of it, thus I can't be sympathetic.
Wwwoooh get rid of the baby nah dont so that for one just cuz the situation is fucked up the kid shouldnt have to pay the ultimate price
Well said..HopeUnveiled.Well said.
I'm dramatizing all the time. Now too. It's much better when I got used to this situation ^ ^
but u shouldn't blame him for not having anyone in this fckn world...
I'm dramatizing all the time. Now too. It's much better when I got used to this situation ^ ^
but u shouldn't blame him for not having anyone in this fckn world...
No, of course we shouldnt. But if he is milking off of you, you should tell him to get the heck outa the place.
That said, if he truly loves you, and is sincere about the relationship...
He's trying to find a job. I know that if he leaves he will probably die somewhere on his own x.x With no chance left. And we love each other. We're like one person. 
this is kinnda Serious i don't know what to-do anymore coz ive been told that we emo's must hate sport is that true?
coz i love sport for some reason as long as u get hurt i don't mind playing but every one says i should be in the music room or art room but ive got kicked out of the music room coz i broke a drum stick and i screamlol
is it true that we should not like sport CAN ANYONE HELP or DO YOU HAVE an awnser for the bullies and non-emos questions?
That's just stupid. Don't change yourself just to fit in. You can be emo and like sport anyone who says differently is an idiot. Being emo is being yourself but finding common interests with the others. I personally hate sports but that's just me and has been like that since I was able to walk. So be yourself coz if you try and change to fit this stereotype that people have made up, then you aren't really emo.
Hope I helped!
you have XD everyone says it is just about cutting and i am like WTF and i tell them what it is
I know!
I always say you don't have to be emo to cut and you don't have to cut to be emo.
My friends friend is totally not emo and she cut once coz of a stupid guy. :/
yeah everyone oh show me ur arms then
Gotta love the ignorant 

Also, just a little note - Style isn't really about what you DO. It's more about what you wear. You don't even really have to listen to Emo to have the style  (Another note is that Scene is technically the style while Emo is the music).

Do what you want xD
thanx
You're welcome lol.
pssh.... i play three sports hahaha ppl can do what they want no matter what they're like
yeah but i only like a few sports my fav is la crose (don't know if thats the correct spelling)
so many people get hurt
That game cracks me up
I love skateboarding  and snowboarding.
Though I don't really consider myself emo, people seem to think I am.
Emo kidss like what they like, fuck everyone else.
yeah la crose is so fun u get hurt if ur not careful
i love sports, not team sports. individual ones, like running... gawd i love running
i am like the odd one out in the teams
Do what you like. Don't do whatever makes you part o the crowd you're going for. Yeah, I'm into art and music, but I LOVESSSSS SOCCER!!! Football too.The point is, be yourself. If you hear someone tell you that you aren't meant to play sports, show them how good you are at it.Nothing Big....   
OP, fuck labels, be you, don't let people categorize you.
don't like sports anyway but if i did i wouldn't change 2 fit in.
					
					

yeah i got kicked of the Lacrose team   i read the email for the new team i got benched   i ask why  coach said i was a great player but i was TO EMO and i let the blood drip when i was on the feild which was the other teams fault they hit me
i love sports, not team sports. individual ones, like running... gawd i love running so much dido
i love swimming, its practically my life other than writing and reading, and just be yourself not a poser, dont try to fit in 
on one else controls your freewill
You don't have to change yourself to fit into this clique. Even Andy Biersack liked sports and he used to be extremely 'emo'. So don't change yourself. c:
You are who you are and if you love sports there is nothing wrong with that!! dont change yourself just to fit under the sterotype "emo" cause no one is ever the same so just be yourself and you will be fine ^.^
Long story short, just do what makes you happy
No, dont listen to thoes people, although we do tend to love the arts (i sure do), we can also like sports ( i love volly ball, soccer, and Karate)
Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow Green and Yellow
Don't let anyone put labels on u....besides I like labels better on food
you could play sports I'm thinking about knife fighting or fencing (realy it sounds fun trying to stab people with sharp pointy things)
Yes I do swimming. Well... actually I'm forced to do it, I HATE U MOM.

jk, luv ya.
i love sports
That's just like saying "goths can't be happy", but then, just like this that's bullshit.
Thats not right there not suppose to take u out just for that.. Stuff like thtat gets me frustrated
I freaking LOVE rugby, but no one would let me play because i was the only girl who wanted to try out :/ I play it on the weekends some times, in the park with my friends though ^.^ I also love basketball and tennis but my favorite is archery and rugby
Don't let any one change what you want to do, it's your decision and your happiness.
					
					

WTH! Emos don't hate sports. I play basketball and I do kickboxing and that doesn't make me less emo. Be what you want and don't let people try to change you.
i love iceskating and hokey, i love running, jumping, and beating stuff. and when your playing rough sports like hokey you bleed, i once got hit in the face with the little black thing, and a while later i made the guy ,who sent the little black thing at me, do a major faceplant, had a little laugh with my teammates and played on.
i guess its the same as getting hit in the face with one of those sticks in la cross, bleed a bit, get some revenge and play on.
To hate sports just to scratch out a NON EXISTENT identity!? Something thats not gonna stick with you till your 50 years old!!   Gahh..... HISSSS!!!

(
Thank you Evil.....

Hah! well I happen to love sports, wind surfing, skateboarding, snowboarding, well anything board related actually. I admit windsurfing and snowboarding wrecks your hair, but ahh well.
Okay I'm sorry but you're falling for the stereotypes and I haaatttteeee those. If you say "I can't like this cuz I'm emo" theeen that's just bull. You can do whatever you want and be whatever you want, classifying as "emo" doesn't mean that you can't do certain things or that you have to do certain things. That's called being fake. Be true to yourself no one can tell you who to be.
You're young and impressionable, I know, but letting a teenage clique decide what and what not you do is stupid.
Who gives a shit
That's not true . Just be yourself:C do what you want to do
I hate how people think there are "rules" that emos have to follow to be emo. First of all from the very first day emo has been a slang term used for those who are highly emotional. Now according to society it means someone who hates life and want to hack at their arms until they die. It's pathetic really. Sure people do it but we don't all do it. Some cut but don't want to die. Some are extremely emotional and don't cut there are no "rules"
There are two types of people in this world and remember this
The ones who are themselves and the ones who follow.
Honestly I hate sports. I cAnnot stand b/c it's all about being judged, I don't do sports so I get called a fag but I'm not gonna turn around and be a sporto just like someone that DUZ like sports shuldnt do sports cuz he's emo
Honestly I hate sports. I cAnnot stand b/c it's all about being judged, I don't do sports so I get called a fag but I'm not gonna turn around and be a sporto just like someone that DUZ like sports shuldnt do sports cuz he's emo
I hate how people think there are "rules" that emos have to follow to be emo. First of all from the very first day emo has been a slang term used for those who are highly emotional. Now according to society it means someone who hates life and want to hack at their arms until they die. It's pathetic really. Sure people do it but we don't all do it. Some cut but don't want to die. Some are extremely emotional and don't cut there are no "rules"
There are two types of people in this world and remember this
The ones who are themselves and the ones who follow.
I agree with this one ^ ^
i like ta pleh duh fooooz boll hahahahaha...and run mhmm especially run
I don't like sport myself but I know some Emo kid do, people alway think of us Emo as the lazy kids that talk about death all the time and don't want to do anything. That maybe true for some people but all this is stereotype.
Additionally, I would recommend a nice single malt scotch, a bath robe, a cigarette, and some nice music. It works wonders.


I have found that Rosie Jones also helps.
hahahah i read all that with syndrom's voice
The fact I cannot fully grow up is not the matter here.
I wanna only present a theory that once we grow older we become more limited and closed in our view than we think we are. We lose curiosity, mental freedom, open mind, kind of courage and even happiness... There are lots of things we could learn from children if we were more awared of their specific wisdom. But adults always think they know everything better. So we shouldn't kill our childish side. We should live with it inside.
Smile! ^-^
Maturity... Is not not acting like a child.
IM never going to grow up...
nnnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooo i can't
I'm curious.
Where do you work? Or are you a student? Or perhaps you're underage? Or maybe you're looking for somewhere to work, or understandably you've given up looking due to no where's hiring?

Oh, me? I'm currently studying Journalism & Psychology at University here in Melbourne, Australia, while working part-time at a local newspaper & also working as a Special FX Make-up Artist for movies/films whenever the opportunity arises.

What about you?
I work as a 'Datacenter Solutions Architect' specializing in Unified Communications for a full-spectrum information technology consulting and managed services company.

In addition to this, I have just recently been accepted to the University of California, LA. Yep.
I'm a straight C student and have no significant plans for the future.
Go me
"Youth Worker" is my official title.
I forgot to add that I am the benevolent dictator of an ant farm
Working in an LGBT friendly cabaret bar, hopefully soon I'll be moving and doing a foundation degree because it's free and why not.
I'm a student of English Philology. And do many other things but not ready to tell ;P
uuuuhhhhhhhhhh...student?...that likes sleeping on roofs or in an empty computer lab if i didn't get enough sleep
This actualy happens more offten than you think. For some reason rape victums who know there attackers will form an emotional connection with them. This connection is either loving or hateful depending on the relationship before the rape and how its handled afterwords.
That's not right. 

HOw!?!?!!??!
....having a dream bout being raped...is that bizarre too?
Not really.
ummmmmm. i don't really know how to reply to this.
Its a very hard to explain but both falling for your rapest and dreaming about being raped do happen. The dreaming is more common however, and there is a fetish for wemon who actualy WANT to be raped. Yes I know thats a contradiction, but its true.
Why?!?!!?!?
The phycological trama from the event causes an attachment. Other than that I honestly don't know because my Professer only briefly coverd the subject.
the odds of the bond formation are about 1in15000 I think.
this is so weird. I would have tried to bitch slap some sense into that girl!
It's sick!
all I can think of is WTF!!!
I don't understand why it's a big deal. If thats her choice let her make it. Plus it's just a phycological disorder like any other.
Lolz I mean I like rough sex as much as the next chick but seriously? He was drunk off his ass. lmfao. I find this oddly really funny. XD.
WTF if a man and or woman raped me against my will even if I did grow and attactment to them I sure as hell wouldn't stay with them I would be Bitch slapping someone!!!!
Then in reality you wouldn't have an attachment. Also there is no women on earth who could deal with being raped without breaking down on a phycological level at some point. It is in that period of time that the attachment is made or not. It is also the time when the victim is the least sane and rational.

There is nothing wrong with this at all, and I don't see why it's such a big deal.
It doesn't hurt anyone. Exept the actual rape, and if it does hurt someone it's only the victim who gets hurt by the attachment and at that point it's no different Han a masicist( most likely spelled wrong)
Yes but have you actually ever really been raped? Are you taking all your information from personal experience, or is it just stuff you learned? If you go up to a rape victim and tell them "It's okay to be attached to your rape victim. The feelings you are having is perfectly normal," your not going to help the situation. They are unstable and don't really have a mind of their own. They spend their life trying to hide that one fatal event. But what happens if the rapest is someone you know, Like a boyfriend or a best friend. What happens if you have to see that person's face everyday for the last five years? You can give us your information and it is very informative but have you all ever really thought that maybe just maybe they get attached to the people that raped them to get revenge. You don't know what goes through a rape victim's head just like you don't know what is going through the rapers head at the time he's/she's doing it. I apologise if I've stepped on anyones toes.
In all actuality I fight with both sides of that argument because I have been a victim, and have lived with the person who did it. Yes I was very young but I still remember it and deal with it every day. I know its somthing you never truely get over. No I didn't form an attachment, but not everyone does.

I have also been around a man who has raped ann molested long enough to see what drives him and the reasons why he did what he did. I also lived with him for a short time too.

As far as the forming the attachment to get revenge theory of yours, its imposable to controlle who you fall in love with,and if you TRULY love some you would never do anything to hurt them. I also know this by experince to.

If I didn't have expirience with any of this I wouldn't be spending my time on it.



I am sorry for my terrible spelling its not one of my few talents.
Just stating a fact here. It's impossible for someone to 'want' to be raped since the definition of rape is that you do NOT want it. Desiring force, domination, being pressured and perhaps even abused are all fetishes and valid in their own right, thus satisfying much of the criteria for a rape, however if someone wants or desires it then it is quite simply not rape - rape does not necessarily involve force, domination, pressure or abuse (though it often does), it boils down to the simple question of 'did they want it?' Even looking back on a rape in later years and thinking it wasn't so bad or that they enjoyed it doesn't change it's status as a rape.
In all actuality I fight with both sides of that argument because I have been a victim, and have lived with the person who did it. Yes I was very young but I still remember it and deal with it every day. I know its somthing you never truely get over. No I didn't form an attachment, but not everyone does.I have also been around a man who has raped ann molested long enough to see what drives him and the reasons why he did what he did. I also lived with him for a short time too.As far as the forming the attachment to get revenge theory of yours, its imposable to controlle who you fall in love with,and if you TRULY love some you would never do anything to hurt them. I also know this by experince to.If I didn't have expirience with any of this I wouldn't be spending my time on it.I am sorry for my terrible spelling its not one of my few talents.You Might not be able to control who you love and I do apologise for ranting at you but I was raised to get even on most things and I would get even love or not...
I see know need for you to apologise. I was not hurt or offended by anything you said, it was a debate on the subject and we both have very good points.

With your mind set, a bond would be extremly hard to form, because of your will for it NOT to form. So you wouldn't be in love with your attacker, and could punish him however you saw fit.
WTF??? I don't even know how to properly reply to that.
hahahahhahhhahahahha i submited a story!XD somebody do it too!
So i was just wondering who many of you would consider to be your favorite French post-structuralist philosophers.

Speaking personally for a moment, I'm rather partial to Tom Hiddleston (if you could even consider him to be post-structuralist LOL) for their integration of dialectical materialism within the philosophical genre, more specifically the ideal that man's eventual rejection of cultural superstituions and other social constructs such as organized religion are absolutely integral for a full embrace of mankind's true state of being in it's most natural and rudimentary form.

Aside from all that he is incredibly sexy and I'd kill to go on a date with him. Any ideas?
ums...fancy words...
iv neva heard of him...
does he hav a twitter or fb or tumblr etc acoount?
STALK HIM!
Yes.
?
I'm sorry I don't know any French philospher's but I've read some modern philosophy books by Peter Kreeft that were really good
idk who that is?
Friedrich Nietzsche, except he's German xD
Prefer Absurdism. Existentialism. Sartre and Camus please, also fond of Simone Weil. Just started on some mysticism by reading the Tao Te Ching by Laotzi. Fun

Other than that this topic is absolute nonsense. Tom hiddleston lol.
alot of big words there
so confused
but i love philosophy and would love to study it one day
Isnt it wrong to label yourself emo? I mean, I go to a school where ppl don't care if your emo or not. After about a few months I just stopped labeling myself, even though some of my friends still say there emo. I know that in most cases ppl label u but I really don't know...
i label myself all the time :3
What the fuck is this? 

Anyway labels are for items not people. If someone is sad enough that they have to label themselves things then you shouldn't complain you should feel bad for them. Meep.

It's not wrong it's just stupid is what i'm getting at.
It's your choice if you label yourself. Labels dont make you who you are, just because you dress emo doen't make you an emo unless you choose to be. If you play sport it doesn't make you athletic. People need to realise that yes labelling others can be great fun, but it get's confusing and damn right stupid. All I'm trying to say is be yourself, if you want to labell yourself then do it, if you don't then don't. IDK if that made sense, but ah well. meow
					
					

You have the best school ever! Are they accepting new students? =)
I think it's ok if you pin yourself to some labels you want but on condition that it does not limit you and does not make you blind to the rest of the world. You can call yourself whatever you want. Hellyeah! ^ ^
What does it mean?
I don't understand some ppl who think they have right to judge others (usually others they don't even know) just because they "went through so much" and "are so experienced". Does it mean they're better and can understand you better than you can?
Very different experiences of very different people are often compared... But will such comparison ever be fair?
I don't believe they are experienced, they have just been through a bit. Or are maybe lying? Anyone who says they're experienced on bullying, judging ect. They must be a total prick and they're doing it for attention. Anyone who truly gets bullied hates it. Nobody can be 'experienced'. I don't really understand it, but I know what you mean.  

Nobody is experienced, people can just give advice. Nobody can understand you better than yourself.
Having experience in matters is more to do about having experience either with a certain skill or activity, or a situation.
For example, if I wanted to go bungee jumping, I'd ask an experienced bungee jumper rather than someone who's never done it before. 

As far as personal matters are concerned, likewise if I was being bullied and didn't know how to sort it out, or what to do, I'd probably find it very helpful if I had advice with someone who had experience with being bullied and dealing with it instead of someone who had no idea bullying exists.
^
Also, ' just been through a bit'. counts as experience. They've experienced going through it .-.
I don't understand this question, do you mean being in the same situation? Like lets say someone got molested but they only want to talk or take advice from someone else who got molested or cuts or heartbreak, miscarrige, whatever the issue may be. Would that mean that I'm not to address or talk to said person just because I didn't live that same expirience? That I'm not a reliable source of comfort until I know the expirience first hand myself? Something like that? I don't really know. You should be able to trust people outside of the expirience too. Get a little prespective.

 (I mean I don't even understand the question but in my mind I think I'm on to something)
Being experienced doesn't make you better than another, it helps you to understand the way other people work. Such as the way people respond to conflict and so on. Having experience can get you out a lot of sticky situations and can be really helpful. Everybody becomes more experienced with time, some people are just late bloomers.
I don't understand this question, do you mean being in the same situation? Like lets say someone got molested but they only want to talk or take advice from someone else who got molested or cuts or heartbreak, miscarrige, whatever the issue may be. Would that mean that I'm not to address or talk to said person just because I didn't live that same expirience? That I'm not a reliable source of comfort until I know the expirience first hand myself? Something like that? I don't really know. You should be able to trust people outside of the expirience too. Get a little prespective.(I mean I don't even understand the question but in my mind I think I'm on to something)My situation is that some girl wrote to my bf to criticize me although she does not know me and Ive never talked to her. When he asked her why does she judge ppl she don't know, she said that she can judge anyone cause she's experienced. I won't go into detail here.Anyway I tried to generalise the situation in this question ^ ^
Hey there, im kinda new here so forgive me if im kind of direct about this topic.
But as the title says, I'm troubled,depply. I have no idea whats going on inside my own head.
I'm a very smart,intelligent guy. As in i know alot about science(chaos theory,single similarity,quantum physics,etc.)
That being said, i also know alot about how the world really work (conspiracy theories-wise) but im not as stupd as conspiracy theorists, im more of a realist.

Aside from them two topics, I have a very religious family who are Christian, and i obviously am not, due to the fact that im smarter then that,
and i have not yet told them...just because theyre such good people and dont want to break their hearts..
I have a full-time job with no grade 12 diploma...i have no idea what i want to do in life and havereally shitty friends...
the saying:

"Before you going around thinking youre depressed,make sure youre not surrounded by assholes"
is the perfect expression to define most of my friends...i have maybe 2 or 3 friends that are real,the rest are just convienent.

With all of these so-called problems, my minds just trapped. I know that i cant do anything that will make a difference to change the world,i have to hide my true feelings from some friends, and also my family,and i know what i have to do to make myself happy but i cant do that in telling the truth to others...mostly to the fact that some others deserve to have their faith rewarded.

This may kind of long to some, but please reply, it would be awesome for some input.

Nater 
*Reads over paragraphs*

"Smarter that that"? Feels superior....

Hm, difficult family situation.

Yeah, you seem depressed...

Not sure what you want in life.

BUT, you have a small group of friends who are real. thats a plus.

"So called problems"? Whats that supposed to mean?

Dont want to hurt people... Rewarding faith... Thats nice of you.

....Wants to be happy, but chooses to please others instead.

Really smart, yet cant write with proper grammer and punctuation... So either very distressed or trolling Or the internet has ruined our children.

Hm.

Let me try to analyze this...


Eh, you need to chillax a bit. Hang with your real friends and family, talk about what makes them happy and what makes you happy.
What your dreams are, what their dreams are. Where you fit in, what is expected of you, what is expected from them, ect... 
To me it sounds as if you dont really spend time talking/discussing your future seriously with your family, OR, they expect a heckuva bunch from you. They pressure you to be good at school, get high grades, make good money and be nice. But you have other aspirations. But youre not quite sure what these are... So I encourage you to talk with your family and friends, not in a pissy sort of way, but trying to work things out.
If they love you, they will want to help you acheive your dreams. If they dont want you to acheive your dreams and desires...
As for your future, choose something you love doing.

Eh, Im not phsycologist, so dont trust me. Probably misinterpreted the whole situation.
Go visit a real doctor or trusted person who knows the ins and outs of your situation.
I 'm offically self-destucting. I can't do this anymore I feel like i'm going to fricken explode! I fallen back into my anerxia habits, the cuttings gotten more frequent and deeper. Suscide seems to always me on my mind these days. My anxity  just gets worse and worse, i feel like it's suffocating me and trying not to cut just makes the past come back to me, i can't do this anymore. I need salvation.
I 'm offically self-destucting. I can't do this anymore I feel like i'm going to fricken explode! I fallen back into my anerxia habits, the cuttings gotten more frequent and deeper. Suscide seems to always me on my mind these days. My anxity  just gets worse and worse, i feel like it's suffocating me and trying not to cut just makes the past come back to me, i can't do this anymore. I need salvation.And you're posting about this why?


Death isnt the cure...
Once youre dead...its nothing...
I'm afraid that people on these forums can only help you so much. We may be your friend's but that doesn't mean we are qualified therapists or pyschiatrists. 
I suggest reading through the self harm thread, talking to someone in real life, be that a friend, a parent/guardian or someone at school. Counselling might help, visit your doctor. 
I hope you feel better soon.
Liam Croft u were the class clown, u wold make evryone laugh, u were a hard working student, remember in grade 5 when Jaymie was bullying me and u stepped in and defended me becus u thought it was wrong and everyone else just stood there watching and laughing at me while she made fun of me, and i didnt get a chance to thank u for that day. Before u passed away i remember all the good times we had together, and even though that ur not here with us physically ur still here with us spiritually. I miss u so much and wish u were still here with us.
yeah, I'll awayz rmember that gui, he was great. whn nobody els wuld tlk 2 me he waz alwayz ther.

But... I never really knew him...
*sobs*
I just recently moved several states away from my birthstate about two weeks ago, and im just trying to get at least a part time job but its like nowhere is hiring at all  any advice? *sigh*
The economy is kind of crap right now. What I suggest you do though, is to do as much volunteer/community work as you can until the opportunity arises where you actually can get a job. It'll set you above and beyond other applicants and let them know that you are responsible and willing to help. You'll be the one they go to first if you have stuff like that.
that is actually a really good idea!  It'll give me more to do while waiting for any replies and I'll be able to help others
I'm a bit of a job expert. Feel free to PM me any time.
get a socially acceptable haircut, hide tattoos and remove piercings, show up with the correct skill set for the job you are applying for, have a good attitude and be ready to work.
So i've been told that depression medication is really good and can make you feel better but i just think that it is a fake happy

What is your opinion on them?

personally i hate the idea
					
					

I hate the idea too, I was on them once for like a week and all they really do is mess with your mind D: they made me think of suicide more actually...so I hid them and won't take them now lol
You're ignoring the core problem with a lot of these drugs, which is a common thing among all drugs - side effects. For example some anti-depressants can actually cause you to pile weight on or actually make you more anxious while for periods of time (though there are far more dangerous side effects possible from some meds, these are some that seem more regular).

I wouldn't touch anything without double checking online for first-hand experiences of people who took it, and if they had any problems. One thing I can tell you is, piling weight on is not going to help you with depression.
One of my friends was prescribed antidepressants for her paranoia and depression. I hated it when she was taking them, she was on several things at once which probably just made it worse. She wasn't sad, but she wasnt happy either, she was just kind of numb and when you talked to her she wasn't really there. I'd never suggest going for antidepressants because they're just a quick fix. Getting out of depression isn't easy or fast, it can take years even, but antidepressants aren't going to fix anything in my opinion, just hide the problem.
You're ignoring the core problem with a lot of these drugs, which is a common thing among all drugs - side effects. For example some anti-depressants can actually cause you to pile weight on or actually make you more anxious while for periods of time (though there are far more dangerous side effects possible from some meds, these are some that seem more regular).I wouldn't touch anything without double checking online for first-hand experiences of people who took it, and if they had any problems. One thing I can tell you is, piling weight on is not going to help you with depression.see that is my point too. My mom took depression meds and she suffered from a TON of side effects and she and i react very similiarly to medication.the only advice i'm getting from people is to get meds but i'm totally against it
Yes, most people are very pro-medication but you have to bear in mind that although depression may be proven, it is not specifically a disease or disorder on it's own and therefore medication for this kind of thing is a bit more hit and miss. Even if they do hit though, you have to bear in mind that these meds aren't really meant to 'fix' you like most meds, but more... 'help'. I perceive it slightly as trying to give you a temporarily better mood so that you can get out and try to find reasons to have a genuine one more  but that's just my take on it.
i guess too i want to know that my thoughts are my own and not the drugs
					
					

It's really up to a psychiatrist to know which drug is right for you. Sometimes they get it right, and sometimes they fuck it up entirely. That's why it's important to notice side effects and junk. There are multiple steps to improving depression, and part of it is medication because depression has to do with a chemical imbalance in the brain (or at least that's what I was told, something like that XD). Another part of it is your own actions to learn how to get better, which is tricky. That's where the medication is supposed to make it easier, not exactly just to be a quick fix. With quick fixes, it really depends on the situation you're in and if you're getting therapy or something. ^.^
i've been on several different kinds of anti-depressants n i'm not gonna lie, the first few weeks to a month are the worst. i've been on a few diff kinds for about 10 years now n i wasn't keen on the idea either. a good portion of us know what it's like to have issues we're not too proud of n i definitely have a nice chunk of that. i was most recently on three diff kinds n even though you're not supposed to, i stopped one of them cold turkey cause it just felt like i might as well have been popping candy: it wasn't doing jack for me. some AD's don't kick in for almost 2 weeks after taking them cause they have to build up in your system n during that time, some chemical changes can happen in your mind that make your original issues feel 100x worse, i been there myself n it blows. i've had some AD's that actually GAVE me urges to commit suicide n though i have some harmful habits, suicide was never ever the goal so needless to say, those i stopped immediately. n like groovy said, it is up to the psych, yes, but there are times where both you n the psych have to play n tweak around a bit before finding the right one that'll do wonders for you. the ones i that have done me some good didn't alter my thoughts in any way. they made me feel the way things were before they went downhill. made me feel the way things would have been had life not dealt me that pure shit card y'know? but then again, everyone is different. it may affect some others they way it affected me n it may affect some others in other ways. in short, i'm 25 n i've yet to find my perfect AD n i really dunno if there is one out there tbh. but i do know one thing, if i stop all together, i'll go to even deeper darker places than i've ever been before n i'd prefer not to do that.


Antidepressants aren't for everyone in my mind they aren't for any of us. I took them before and just about died from it. It got to a point were I just didn't care I couldn't feel any emotions so I couldn't write any poems and I didn't have the energy to do anything I used to love. It was like something had taken over my body. I was lazy is an easier way to put it; I didn't care about anything. I was like a vegitable I didn't talk to anyone and just sat there and stared at nothing. I put on alot of weight that year and I'm just now getting back down to the size I was. If you take antidepressants that's fine as long as you don't expect me to take them I would rather deal with the depression then not be able to feel anything but empty boredom.
that is exactly my point of view.  if you cover your problems with medication, you'll never deal with the real issues; however, that is not the advice i am always given :/
Anti-depressants are like ... little pills full of fake you'll-be-okay-just-take-these-and-you'll-be-happy-forever.
i hate taking my depression meds, i totally agree you. its the meds that make you happy, your not happy cuz u wanna be. i personally hate them. yea they make me happy, but i much rather be happy myself and not have something make me that way
Depression Meds have the positives and negatives.
It depends on who takes them.
Like my friend's mom was in the extreme of depression, when she started taking them she got better.
Pregnant women that had their babies get depressed cause they were so close to the baby when it was in the womb, but then once their out they just feel so empty, half of mothers kill themselves cause they couldn't handle it. Others get over it and realize that only they know the baby.

Now for young teens like us...do even half of us even wanted to be proscirbed to it?
No.
Why?
(my reason) We lose ourselves and feel fake.
If we never wanted it it will effect us badly.
yeah, def depends on the person. i just stopped another type cause like vanessa, it made me feel like a zombie. i was just a walking body of hollowness and i couldn't write music or paint n we are all talented ppl. but that one has to be by far the worst one i've ever taken. i think i'm just gonna not take any kind for a long while n tho i am scared about it cause i have a strong feeling of what will happen, i'd like to feel like me again. so we'll see
No one likes feeling like a zombie or feel numb to everything.
It's really upsetting.
I had a girl brag to me once about taking anti-depressants.
Never have I wanted to punch someone more.
Whobragsaboutthatshit
That's like bragging about the fact that you got hit by a car.
I used to hate the idea of them, but i know that without them id probobly be dead right now....
I know that people are probably going to ignore this. But I want to post it anyway. All my life. I have said that I'd never hurt myself. But one day I reached my breaking point. I wont say how. To personal, well. I ran into my room, locked my door. And cried. I couldn't stop. It hurt. It hurts to even think about it. When I was crying. I realized something. I was tired of relyin on staying calm. So I walked over to my dresser and grabbed my pocket knife and cut my wrist without thinking about it. Blood came out at a fast pace. And it felt good. It numed me. This happened 8-6. Last Monday. Aka. My birthday. Ive cut every day since. I need help. But I don't know how to stop. Help me.
I do the same and my friends got really worried about me, I didnt want to stop at all because it was the only thing that made me feel happy , i just got to the point I dont cut as much, all I did was swear to my friend that the only reason I would ever do it is if something that made me feel so worthless that I wanted to kill myself came up. There have been a few things that have made me feel that way , but I guess just try to go a day with out cutting yourself , I hope I helped
Thankyou:)
Your welcome :3
Slowly find alternatives. Running and masturbation are the best recommendations, seriously. Look into the science of it, they're different kinds of physical releases.
Masturbation? O.e

Maybe, just running?
Nothing wrong with masturbation, I don't see why everyones so scared of it. It's a serious alternative, and has been proved to be effective. Lot's of recovered self harmers don't like to admit it because it's stupidly taboo, but it's a highly recommended alternative.Maybe this can put it into terms you'll understand
I use to cut, but only when I'd get really depressed. I don't know what happened, kind of just stopped one day.
I used to cut all d time but then i tried to go a day wit out it n it kinda worked good so then i found other ways to work out my problems lyk writing insted of cuttin or listenin to music
Check out the self harm help thread if further advice is needed.
I feel compelled to respond to an inbox mail I received recently. I normally don't do this (though if Johnny Deep wants to drop me a line, I may make another exception. He's hot stuff for an old guy and the sexiest thing about him is his sense of humour. But I digress....)Turns out this young lady had read my "ZEN" column and it struck a chord. Seems she had moved in with a boy. (Why did I get the feeling that she was from overseas? Could have been because she sounded so isolated and lost?) Things had not worked out. He dumped her, but stuck around in the apartment they'd shared for a month after asking her to help him find a roommate then vanished, leaving her with an expensive place to pay for, few resources and little idea of what to do next. She sounded awfully young and very sad and scared.I had some suggestions (like calling local prisons to find out which violent homosexual rapists were about to be released and required shared accommodation, then effecting the introductions), but after having had some time to think it over, I have a few more. For what they're worth.Sweetie, you'll be fine. I'm not saying it's going to be fun and it won't be easy but you WILL get through it. There are a few things to remember, though. 1. Alcohol and drugs are not your friends, however desperately you think you need a few hours of oblivion. They solve nothing, may prompt you to do very stupid, humiliating and potentially dangerous things. They cloud your mind and sap your strength. I won't even go into what they can do to your health. I have no objection to hoisting a few on a patio on a lovely spring afternoon, but you're in no shape for it at the moment. You can go out and get pissed if you feel you must, but your problems will still be there when you sober up and you'll have a hangover to boot. Similarly, I firmly believe pot should be legalized but that doesn't mean you should smoke it in the state of mind you're in even if you live in Amsterdam where it's legal. The last thing you need right now is The Fear and I guarantee that in your condition, you'd be unlikely to get the giggles. And do you really want to be sporting an extra ten pounds courtesy of the Munchies? Besides, it makes you lazy and you don't have that luxury right now.2. Ditto the casual sex thing. I know, I know: sometimes it hurts so bad that you just want somebody to hold you. Two things about that -- sex and love are not the same (especially not to men) and self-esteem is not generally to be found in the arms of some guy who didn't quite catch your name. I won't even go address the health or personal safety issues -- that should be obvious by now. If you're unspeakably horny (which I doubt -- depression doesn't tend to excite the libido in my experience), get a vibrator. There are millions out there on the market and I'm sure you can find one to suit your taste and budget.3. Look at this as a beginning, not an ending. Is there anything you've always wanted to do? Join the circus? Skydive? Paint your kitchen? Now's the time, kiddo. While in the grand scheme of things your achievements may seem small, each new challenge met, each fear conquered and each small flake of confidence will compound -- before you know it, you'll be feeling stronger and more confident. I promise.4. Do something for someone else. In this fucked up world, there is misery everywhere and loads of people who could use your help. (I can hear my mother already: "Don't say "fuck" dear, it isn't nice.") Take yourself out of your own head and look beyond your own pain. You will make some new friends and as an added bonus, you'll develop a wonderful new skill: empathy. I have no idea if you subscribe to any sort of religion and I'm certainly not advocating that you shift responsibility for your happiness to some Being in the wild blue yonder (I'm going to have to do an extra 400 Hail Marys in penance for that one), but consider this: in my humble opinion, if God exists, s/he is manifested through the connections we make with others, through the sparks of common humanity that can be found in the eyes of the person next to you on the subway. Scratch the surface. Share a smile. Find delight in small things.5. Take the high road. Just because your dearly departed is being an asshole doesn't mean that you have to sink to his level. And it doesn't matter if nobody in the whole world knows you're being noble and mature. As long as you do. Spite and malevolence corrode any vessel they reside in, and I think you're better than that. There's nothing wrong with righteous anger but take it out on the weights at the gym. Think about constructive ways to release it. Use your head, not your neighbours.6. Talk to your mother and your girlfriends. Your mom especially. She's been there, hard as that may be to imagine. And she loves you -- while she may not "understand", she'll always be on your side.Be good to yourself. Have a good cry if you need to. Strength isn't gained by never falling down, but by having the courage to dust yourself off again and get on with things. It certainly cannot be had at the cost of diminishing someone else. Good luck, girl. You know where to find me. 


First thread of yours I didn't hate. You won me over slightly. +1
I have been face to face with my own personal growth oppertunities before, to a worst extent. I lacked courage or my selfishness outweighed it, but there were many opportunities to step up and do the right thing and I recall how I turned my face towards the path of least resistance because it accorded with my whims. So when I read her mail I sorta pondered with my regrets, I wish that I had one more chance - I swear I would use it wisely, I promise that I would listen to the promptings of my conscience. So this would be equal to my second chance if I could just pervent it from happening again.
hm
hmseriously?Anywho, I hate to, but I agree with Spidey. Nice post
seriously?Anywho, I hate to, but I agree with Spidey. Nice postI also found it a delight to read which was a pleasant surprise, kudos to you
Because from what I can tell most of the people who consider themselves emo are just scene kids who have more daddy issues then most.

Your florescent hair isn't a fashion statement, more along the lines of trying to get daddy's attention. Maybe one day he will understand you enough to give you those "A Devil Wears Prada" or "Asking Alexandria" tickets you begged for after he picked you up a pack of Marb. 27s.

Discontent is the only word I can use to describe the feelings I have towards this subject.

It isn't about your first world problems. Just because your teacher gave you a C+ on your sophomore english class essay doesn't mean you have to gash up your arms. People are doing what they are doing for the wrong reasons.

Yes, I can say they are wrong. It's the wrong path. 

Why might you ask? 

Because it's going to lead to a psychological mind-frame that may last the test of time. (It will last if you have no willpower.)

Your life right now is the most impressionable point in time during your existence. Your decisions and mentality about things will only be changed by experience. 

So basically I challenge you all. I challenge you all to overcome the stereotype, because right now I am ye of little faith. I don't have faith in any of you.

I challenge you to go out in the world and find a way to make a difference, because as of now you're name will be forgotten before your bones even turn to dust.

So get up from your seat and get motivated. Prove me wrong.
Oh your words motivate me, i feel ready to do something with my life 
as of now you're name will be forgotten before your bones even turn to dust."Just because your teacher gave you a C+ on your sophomore english class essay doesn't mean you have to gash up your arms" From your use of "your" i'm guessing you have done this.
"Just because your teacher gave you a C+ on your sophomore english class essay doesn't mean you have to gash up your arms"From your use of "your" i'm guessing you have done this.  Lol. And as for this, Lol. Just Lol.

Emo is a style of rock music characterized by melodic musicianship and expressive, often confessional lyrics. It originated in the mid-1980s hardcore punk movement ofWashington, D.C., where it was known as "emotional hardcore" or "emocore" and pioneered by bands such as Rites of Spring and Embrace. As the style was echoed by contemporary American punk rock bands, its sound and meaning shifted and changed, blending with pop punk and indie rock and encapsulated in the early 1990s by groups such as Jawbreaker and Sunny Day Real Estate. By the mid 1990s numerous emo acts emerged from the Midwestern and Central United States, and several independent record labels began to specialize in the style.
Guise... I think that was from Wikipedia ^
Guise... I think that was from Wikipedia ^

Fuck you guise.
I liked this thread


and then people started replying
Well. Here I am to ask you about your innermost anger....I am soo angry and I realize how much it helps to relieve this anger....to talk about this. My innermost anger is lettin my dark side take over. I get so caught up in the moment and i cut myself to take my mind away from my anger when honestly I'm not angry with anyone but myself...I hate what I do....I hate what I am.
Wait so what is your question?
I'm not trying to seem stupid I'm just Lost.
What makes you angry I guess.
It's not really a question more of a place to say/speak your mind .
It's not really a question more of a place to say/speak your mind .Alrighty then:)
what makes me angry is people trying to change me(my whole being)
What makes me angry is literally everyone at school
What makes me angry is literally everyone at school same
woo! i love all of you!!!!
what makes me feel angry is people trying to make you somthing you are NOT!
I always use to get violent anxiety attacks when people in my own home emptied my snack drawer. I pay for my own damn snacks, I kept my snacks in my own fucking room, I put my mother fucking name on my snacks! It's not fucking funny I need a constant source of blood glucose to function.
what makes me angry is when people touch my necklace my hair or my glasses....i got s little to mad once and may have broke my friends wrist...he took my necklace and glasses...he asked for it..funny thing is he is three times my size
What makes me angry  is win people go in my room with out my know about
					
					

This whole 'Recent Profile Visitor' function has really taken a chunk out of my Stalker's stalking time.  Let the stalkers stalk in peace already. They know that's half the fun of social media. They be cyber ninjas...
Thats right. Let me know what makes you angry. Muhahahaha
It always pisses me off when people continuously tell me I'm wrong for just about everything. I swear my mom would tell me I was wrong if I said the Sky was Blue.
Actually, if she told you you were wrong about the sky being blue, she would be correct. The sky isn't blue. It's translucent, with the ocean reflection itjust appears blue. (:
But seeing as when you actually look at the sky its blue wouldnt she be correct?
the most enraging thing for me is when people touch my notebooks. my notebooks are MY WORLD. i put warning labels on them, sayin that i shall very horribly hurt anyone who touches them. and when i get mad, then the persone im mad at should run far and fast.
Alot of things make me angry so I dont feel like explaining them all toodles
Not living up to expectations really gets under my skin.Try taking all of your ugly anger and turn it into something beautiful.Art, music, writing, etc.
I guess when some people touch my journal or read my messages on my phone. I don't even bother to read their messages yet they read mine!
i like the relationship im in now but all my friends dont him excpt for a few and idk what to do anymore like i keep hearing rumors, friends telling me he isnt right for me... Like tonight 10/16/2012 around 10pm he got in an argument about his rep and my friends critism and it made me cry to know he doesnt like his life and it makes me worried hes gonna try and do something but one problem i have to watch what i say to him or he lashes out at me and takes his anger out on me and then i start crying even though i tell myself not to cry, and then i cut and then he stops talking to me for the night and then i sit on the computer and try to get help but i doesnt really work.. Can anyone help me, i dont want to break up with him but it seems right...
seems you got a serious problem. trying to help you will make me write tons of pages.All though its not that hard to solve the problem.
seems you got a serious problem. trying to help you will make me write tons of pages.All though its not that hard to solve the problem. Well, i do really like him but idk hes even  happy with me, idk i might just break up with him tomorrow at school, just to end all this confusion and wondering
I would think about why my friends are a pressuring situation on my relationship to begin with or why they are making my boyfriend miserable. I think thats something I would sit on first. what did he even do to them?
All i needed to read was "i like the relation ship but my friends don't accept him"
Fuck them then.
yeah this is actually where is the problem or atleast part of it...the friends...
I would think about why my friends are a pressuring situation on my relationship to begin with or why they are making my boyfriend miserable. I think thats something I would sit on first. what did he even do to them? they dont hate him, they just dont like the things he does, and all the things they hear about him
No one really listens to me. And right now I REALLY need a friend to talk to. I don't have really anyone I can talk to anymore. I really think I just scrude up my hole life.  I need some cheering up.. I'm well I tend to have the thought of suicide and self harm problems. Im really depressed person who holds in and hide all their emotions in. Im really sad no matter how happy I act at times. I told my mom that I have depression problems but she doesn't really beleive me.Recently I had been soo happy. I'd stopped thinking about my depression and I was happy almost constantintly for once in 3 years. (Im 14 years old right now.) What made me happy was this guy we where dating. Everything started going downhill when I got into a fist fight as school bc a girl sent a nude picture of herself to my boyfriend at the time to his fone. (i have a video of the fight up on youtube too.)And that day right before that fight I got into happened me and him did some "stuff". And I think I might be pregnant. It's been awhile now and im getting to way worried. It's been 40 days since my last "girly week". The guy who might be a daddy broke up with my for my best-friend (well ex best-friend now). She knows that I love him and I might be too that's the worst part. Im a "cutter"... and i tried to kill myself when he broke up with me and told me he's datting some other girl.. (He told my mom that i cutted myself too.). He knows I litterly can't live without him in my life. You might think im being over dramatic but you don't know what I have been throught. Everyone says to me he's just a piece of shit and i'll find some one else. That he's not worth the tears.. or any of it. That i should mover on... But im maddly in love with him. iv never loved someone as much as him.She was one of the first person I went up to and told everything to. She watched me cry on one of my other best-friend shoulder bc of him. My best-friend tells me she's the one dating him now a few days later after we broke up. She even says he's a piece of shit too.. And the guy basically told me he wants nothing to do with me anymore.  But yet he keeps saying how sorry he is and he still loves me he just don't want to be with me anymore... o.OI told some of my close friends that I think I might be pregnant and I told some other people that I was and one of them was some what still close to me even tho me and one of my ex bf hear me and we where close before we broke up over the summer. But he goes and tells everyone after i told him not too... So now the hole entire high school knows I might be pregnant. I don't care but I do at the same time.The only reason why I care is bc the possible daddy he's saying some really nasty things and making thing even worse than what they are. My mom knows everything and I think that she hates me now. ): We got a test and i took it on friday.. and my mom says if my period doesn't come by my doctors appointment on the 12th where going to take another test at the doctors. Im having the hardest time handling this I don't know if I should stay or go.. I been giving up complelty on everthing not even trying anymore.... I can't handle this..
ur only 14 n i think u shudnt get too attached to guys so quickly...guys r jerks and dicks especially iin teen yrs cuz theyre all stilll majorly immature and still developing. iin teen yrs guys always think bout sex so dont get attached so quickly, if u do get attached to a guy n go out wiv him etc, stay wiv him for ages b4 u start thinking bout doing sexual things with eachother. guys dont really think bout the consequences...only wat they get in sex and other things from you.the guy u say ur in love wv seems like a jerk...one he broke up wiv u, hurting u, and knowing u cant live wivout him and he did it still sayin he loved u. if he truely loved u he wudav approached u and told u why he wanted it over or wat was wrong...two. he went out wiv ur friend...n i think it was wrong of her to do that since she knew u still loved him...unless she came up to u first n asked u if it was ok that she went out wiv him, but i guess she didnt do that so shes a bitch...IF u r preggors, just stay strong ok if ur not against abortion...id recogmend that cuz theres a small chance that the guy/dad will not help u support the baby...plus if ur family has financial difficulties u wudnt b able to support the baby properly...or u cud go through the hell of having the baby and giving it away to a gal who cant hav a baby...make sumone else happy plus helping sumone else out always makes urself feel happy...and to stop all this chaos bout being preggors...u shudnt hav had sex at such a young age to begin with.sex shud b left wen ur wiv sumone u kno u can trust n that that person trusts u as well...AND weh ur much older cuz it can affect u mentally AND physically...ur only 14!but dont give up now!...ur still young. things can change...just stay strong 
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.

Orson Welles

Hope that helped :l
i understand wht ur going through, i have recently attempted suicide and now i have to be in therapy. i have cut myself too. as tough as it may seem to you, since my expericence i know suicide is not the way. but ill admit i do still have the thoughts. i have both depression and axiety. be strong youll get through it, dont give up on yourself, if you wanna talk about it, i will be more than willing to listen to u
Oh sweetie ~
If you need a friend I'll be here for you & I'll listen to you. Don't be shy to talk to me & pm me
Oh sweetie ~If you need a friend I'll be here for you & I'll listen to you. Don't be shy to talk to me & pm me AWWH! I love that there are people like you iun the world for this girl 
C:
Thanks for caring. (: 
No I don't mean my mom. Me and my mom are cool, She's a narssisist but we are cool. I stated on a forum that I didn't want children of my own. Big mistake because the mommies that saw this baffled me. It seem they needed a support group to deal with me. (but then thats not that different from what goes down on this site ) They have chosen to be a parent, and that's thier business and thier life choice.  I have chosen not to be a parent, and that's my business and my life choice.  Why the hell do so many of them feel the need to attack me with such a malevolent torrent of abuse for this?  They hiss at me, through a face contorted by anger, that I am "not a real woman if you don't want children", that I am "doomed to a life of regretful yearning", and I will definitely become "a shriveled, twisted and vicious old woman driven by resentment and bitterness."  (There is also usually mention of cats.  Not sure where the cats come into it - some sort of bizarre contraceptive process?) What I said was, "I don't really have the time for children and don't want to have any of my own".  What they seem to think I said was, "I'm in favour of bashing them to death at birth, selling them for medical experiments or organ harvesting, feeding them to carnivores at the zoo or mincing them up to be sold as pet food."  Can they either get thier glasses fixed, or try to get a bit of perspective here?
Lol xD

I don't understand that. I mean, if someone doesn't want children, it should be their choice, correct?

As for example, I don't want kids. Ever. Sharing this with friends as we were talking, I was instantly shouted at. 

I mean, honestly? To each their own. It's your own life.
Well they think they are hitting me where in hurts but could it be, could it possibly be, that sometimes, when you've been awake for 48 hours with an unsettled baby, whilst your toddler tantrums and screams until he pukes because he's not allowed to continue drawing on the walls with your most expensive lipstick, and your hair is full of cereal and your shirt has milk stains and you can't buy that DVD or book or dress because the money went on more nappies and the new booster seat, and you can't even leave the house without going through a logistical exercise that makes the US deployment to Iraq look like a quick trip to the park, could it be that a tiny, tiny treacherous little voice deep inside your head mutters to you that your blissful maternity is not, in fact, 24-hours-a-day heavenly fulfillment and the only way to lie to yourself is attack someone career and goal oriented and free.... Or is this just me over thinking... .
knowing the hell i put my dad thou there's no way i want kids. my sister has a little boy who isn't even 2 yet and my step mom want's her to have a new baby so she and be a grandma to 2kids. so i thank i kind of get it
					
					

Well anyone can have a baby, but not everyone can be a mom. Look at the snookie, That thing recently had an offspring and the world is pissed the fuck off. I was trying to see if the news of Neil Armstrong's death was the most relevant topic trending last week and the nasty bitch was all over the place with her little guido. See some people just SHOULDN'T have children in the first place.And I should never ever procreate because....Well You understand now.
I think I would make a good mother, just not right now. Babies maybe one day, but I think I'd rather adopt and or foster. I guess it depends on where my life takes me. I could be paralysed in a years time who knows.
Well anyone can have a baby, but not everyone can be a mom. Look at the snookie, That thing recently had an offspring and the world is pissed the fuck off. I was trying to see if the news of Neil Armstrong's death was the most relevant topic trending last week and the nasty bitch was all over the place with her little guido. See some people just SHOULDN'T have children in the first place.And I should never ever procreate because....Well You understand now. true but that don't stop people from being mom's
Well anyone can have a baby, but not everyone can be a mom. Look at the snookie, That thing recently had an offspring and the world is pissed the fuck off. I was trying to see if the news of Neil Armstrong's death was the most relevant topic trending last week and the nasty bitch was all over the place with her little guido. See some people just SHOULDN'T have children in the first place.And I should never ever procreate because....Well You understand now.Snookie will be a better mother than you would ever be....
Snookie will be a better mother than you would ever be.... LOL!!!!!!
Awwww yeaaah, new EvilActivity thread
Your children will be albino/ gingers? The Horror!! .... NO... NOOOOO!!!
I know where you're coming from. I hate babies and small children. I don't want to hate them, I just do. So I'm never ever EVER having kids of my own. I would die first. When my time for children come, I'm adopting teenagers, and that's the end of that.
i agree, i would make a horrible dad. my mom is ok i guess but she hates Homosexuality (something that i partly am) so i dont want to tell her that I'm Bi
Not in a rush to hit "milf" status....

Actually whats the apeal to women who pushed a 7 pound baby out of thier vagina anyway....
In all honesty I understood about half of the words you said .

Are you by chance related to Shakespeare or something
Milf status.....? An attractive lady who just happens to have a baby?
My friend and sister are discussinghow our other friends family has a mother that went back to a man who made a meth lab, beat the shit our of his mother, and molested his siblings.My sister is technology dating a child molester (she's underage)Does she have the right to talk shit about his family when she is no better?(This is not to meant to cause an argument, this is just what I am wondering about.)
thats kinda weird n stupid O...O
why wud u go out wiv ppl like that? ..
Oh none taken.
She is stupid.
He cheats on her and has a kid...
I don't go out with people that are wayyy older then me.

Plus SeaBear cant help that his mother is beyond stupid. He hates his step-dad with the burning passion(you would too if he molested your siblings).
SeaBear and the rest of them are trying to get it through her hed that he is no good. Works but then doesn't.
I'm sticking by my  SeaBear's side and gonna make sure he does not end up like that family. He is of course my friend(Lil Brother).

My sister is just gonna end up hurt and broken hearted. She's gotten in trouble for dating older men.
Plus she's got my mom thinking that he's 19....not true.
i totally understand. just because someone may pick on you, it dont mean you have to fight back, cuz that makes it twice as bad. i also hate people who pick on people and they may say they are like us, but turn around and make fun of us. yea i get the point, im not one of those people. people should be able to speak thier minds on here without any judgement toward them. i mean this is what the site is here in the first place, not a place for bullying. i hate bullying too. i will always be againist it, i would never be abled to pick on someone just because of who they are. i like how everyone is, no one really is exactly the same, which i think is cool. totally agree with you about this
bullying is stupid....there's no need for it...
Exactly, but half the Topics I see in "Serious Discussion" end up being bullied.Like in "Lacking Sex Ed." the first page has people being absolutely rude and bullying her.Just because you don't agree with a persons idea or interests doesn't give you a right to hurt their feelings.Sure she got personal, but don't we all? In any Topic that we make?I do not like bullies.They ruined the beginning of 7 & 8th grade for me.I was bullied so bad. Pushed into lockers, being made fun of, I still hate their guts(all my bullies were boys).The only reason why I never killed myself is because my babies(dog and cat) were there and I never wanted to leave them in this hell alone.
Uhm... Hi everyone... Storm here. I have uhm... *finds a non-existent interesting spot on the floor* a few problems with making friends. *twiddling thumbs* so uhm... If you can help... *cough* please do.
It's tricky to overcome social anxiety, but for now, I'll be your friend if you want~! : D
					
					

If you're quieter, then find someone who likes to talk but that you can still connect with. That's what I do:) I have this friend who talks and talks and talks so I just have to be like Uh-huh now and then.  You could also find people who have lots in common with you- you like painting, they like painting kinda thing- so then it's easier to talk with them.I have such a hard time making friends, it's not even funny.Hope that helps!
i feel your pain! i'm the one where people come up to me and talk to me because they feel bad that i'm all alone lol

yeah pretty much i just have friends that ARE really social so that way they can introduce me to people
the things are like this,my boyfriend got suddenly depressed because he has been trying to get a job for a while, but the things are not looking good. on top of that he has a brother who was always successful, and his parents praised him...my bf was always a bad ass, and made wrong decisions. one word, he feels like crap, going nowhere, lost in his life. im still the black sheep in our family and i do understand him. and when i say that, he says that i dont. everything i say is wrong.  and ends up in a fight.hes a great guy,dont know why his family doesnt see that. he told me that it would be better if he wasnt alive.hes got a fast car and im scared for him. how can i help him? can i help him? any advice is welcome.
im sorry  for one. But i have friends that feel that way infact this guy that i reallly like ALOT feels that way. I would talk to him let him express what is going on and basically let him know that your there for him. And if he still tries to kill himself i usually say things like "your too good of a person to give up now" or "if you go then I go" things that mean alot to them like that....
I dont know if I helped but I hope I did atleast a little .... good luck
Emotional blackmailers, once they have sucked you into their web of control, don't irritate you - they worry you, stress you out, make you feel guilty and try to suck the life blood out of you.The emotional blackmailer appeals to your sense of compassion by regularly appearing miserable and depressed: "I've screwed everything up my whole life. I can't believe it's happening again"They want your sympathy. Everyone has these days. NOT everyone has them every week. When this starts happening on a regular basis tell him/her to get off their butt and start doing something about it. You can only wallow for so long there with them before it gets really tiresome. Do not be sympathetic - suggest positive things and if all they want is your shoulder to cry on yet again then walk away. It is a childish way to get more attention from you.
Zombie,tnx for your words, we are going to try to solve some things today, i will see if he can explain so that i can 'understand' . Hope that i don't say the wrong thing again. Evil i agree. i told him to be a man and tell them to go fuck themself, to leave him alone. i have been through worse situations, and i have never tought to hurt myself, cuz if i did, then they win. its weird cuz i tought that hes mentaly stronger then me. i guess that its how you chose to handle the situation in your mind. will see what happenes. tnx
Zombie,tnx for your words, we are going to try to solve some things today, i will see if he can explain so that i can 'understand' . Hope that i don't say the wrong thing again. Evil i agree. i told him to be a man and tell them to go fuck themself, to leave him alone. i have been through worse situations, and i have never tought to hurt myself, cuz if i did, then they win. its weird cuz i tought that hes mentaly stronger then me. i guess that its how you chose to handle the situation in your mind. will see what happenes. tnxyour welcome and i hope things go well
well...they didnt. we broke up. end of story.
I'm sorry "hugz"
awwwww ty
ur all buetiful and great people
no matter who you are
('Cept me. XD)


Luv ya too 
Love you too 
I love you too dear.
love you all 3
erasmas u are wonderful too
I lol at your sympathy lies. XD
i laugh that you think i lie
I laugh that you lie about not lying!
lies may make a person feel good at a moment but in time it will hurt them way more than how they felt at that moment
Yeah, so stop lying!
you insult me by saying so you wonderful human of a person
Im gonna say LUV YA again for d sake of it
love you too but i hope everyone on here reads it and knows that i love them and would do nothing to hurt them
woo ooh
yeah us!
love you too

I wuvz yew tooooo~ 
Wuv you allllllllllll 
:3
Mutual loveness =3 ! 
Yeah!
yea me 
i'm loved
:3
So much love going around, its contagious. So I'll add my bit of love in the mix too. 
i got my spiderbites done yesterday i clean them properly just a few minutes ago outta nowhere blood was dripping from them, is this normal?? I'm freaking out over here!
If they were pierced in a reputable studio by professionals, I don't see a problem. It's fresh and still an open wound technically speaking, so it's not unlikely that the bleeding may have been caused by you disturbing the piercing.

Do sea salt soaks at least twice a day if not more and do your best not to fiddle or catch it on anything. Wash your hands before touching the piercing. Be careful not to let it embed (sink into your skin) that can be very painful and cause a lot of problems.

This should help it stop very quickly. If it still bleeds a day later or so, go back to the piercing studio and ask them what to do :]
If they were pierced in a reputable studio by professionals, I don't see a problem. It's fresh and still an open wound technically speaking, so it's not unlikely that the bleeding may have been caused by you disturbing the piercing.Do sea salt soaks at least twice a day if not more and do your best not to fiddle or catch it on anything. Wash your hands before touching the piercing. Be careful not to let it embed (sink into your skin) that can be very painful and cause a lot of problems.This should help it stop very quickly. If it still bleeds a day later or so, go back to the piercing studio and ask them what to do :]Thanks! and I guess i over reacted because it stopped bleeding today I got the sea salt stuff today, thanks again
That makes me a bit scared to get snake bites
wow. now i'm rethinking whether or not i actually want to get all those lip peircings.
Nice ;DDD
well you would too if you wanted that all the piercings i do. Even when i pierced my own lip it didn't bleed at all.
I only want two on my lip. Maybe three
i only want like 5 on my lips. maybe 8
Whoa O.O
yeah. when i say i'm addicted to everything metal. i really do mean it.
yeah. when i say i'm addicted to everything metal. i really do mean it.I would really advise against self piercing.Also, if a little bit of bleeding is going to put you off then why get a piercing in the first place? You're having a sharp piece of metal shoved through your flesh, its a wound, of course its going to hurt and swell and maybe even bleed.I've been pierced a fair few times, some of them bled, some of them didnt. It's all part of the process, and its really not a big deal at all.
ohh i still want sum...im not  affraid of sum blood xD
Lol don't be afraid for me the bleeding only lasted a couple of hours, like I said i kind of over reacted, and i kind of enjoyed the blood experience , I guess that makes me a bit weird
no not wierd at all. I loveeee blood, for some odd reason. I even get vampire energy drinks from hot topic. They come in blood bags. its the coolest thing ever.
My english totally thought it was really blood. Funniest experience of my life.
no not wierd at all. I loveeee blood, for some odd reason. I even get vampire energy drinks from hot topic. They come in blood bags. its the coolest thing ever.My english totally thought it was really blood. Funniest experience of my life. Awesome I heard of the blood energy drinks I've always wanted to try one.
Are those the Zombie ones that are bright green? They're so tasty *-* and I normally hate energy drinks
Mmmm...blood 
you can get fake blood (like the kind used in movies) that is mint flavoured. It is the coolest thing ever!
I think you should contact your doctor or the person that pierced you about this situation! o-o This sounds terrible.
you can get fake blood (like the kind used in movies) that is mint flavoured. It is the coolest thing ever!I FUCKIN' LOVE MINT!!!! 
strange how this turned from peircings to blood like drinks
blood around mouth ======= blood in mouth

kinda funny
o-o
8 lip piercings. WOW! I want snakebites.
People move on at different speeds and in different ways. I broke it off with my first serious boyfriend (1 and a half years) this july, he's already flirting and sleeping with people and I havnt even so much as been attracted to someone else.

Of course its going to hurt, because you''re not used to it. The best and only things you can do is remember the way he treated you and know that being separate from him is the right thing to do and ignore him. Don't check his facebook page or whatever, dont see who hes talking to, don't ask questions about his life to him or maybe his friends. Distancing yourself can help you move on and concentrate on new and better things, and once you've done that maybe you can attempt to rekindle a friendship, which is unlikely but not impossible.
He sounded like a bad egg anyways, so honestly just be glad it's over with and learn one crucial lesson: anyone can tell you sob stories of how they've been treated in the past to justify today's actions, but it isn't your duty to make up for all the mistakes previous people may or may not have made. Just because he has been treated badly before (assuming he actually has) does not justify him treating you badly or mean you have to tippy-toe around him. If you care about someone and want to? Fine, but evidently you were bothered by his paranoia and you shouldn't have had to deal with it.

As for telling the other girl she's hot, automatic reaction is to call him an ass or agree with nina here, however you do also have to bear in mind the rebound concept. People with recent breakups do often go into rebound mode and act a bit desperate. It's not a good thing and in most cases not justified, but don't take it as 'you weren't important', because if he's rebounding then that only proves he liked being with you to some extent (or he wouldn't be rebounding).
Okay if your like me you like to have fun alot, but what do you do when you feel so depressed you just want to give up and do the one thing it took you three years to stop doing? I don't know what brings on these moods I'm usually always smiling and crazy but today is just one of those days were I've literally forced a smile on my face so my mom won't send me to my therapist. I need help.
Try making something, cakes, knitting, sewing, painting, doing up old clothes, talk to people. 

Try to use your negativity to fuel creativity, it sounds cliched and all, but it really can help, I have friends who knitted their way out of depression
I like to run off and go hide in the middle of the woods. Listening to the small animals and the wind around me always makes me feel happy. For some reason i always feel perfect there. Maybe it'll help you too.
"Rebecca! Send in the next paitient... Miss Danielle was it?" All jokes aside, Some depression isn't from sadness or suffering from a huge loss at all. Most cases are because people become chemically imbalanced it's not that uncommon. It's pretty much what I'm going through myself all the time. I can't produce any cortisol, the stress hormone so sometimes antiexy can be a problem But I manage it very successfully because I know what the cause is. You don't have to be afraid of the therapist.
Thank you all for your great Ideas and thank you for your advice EvilActivity but I'm not afraid of my therapist I just don't like the man at the front desk of her office. He looks at me like I'm a disgusting person when I go in there and I only go in there when I feel bad and depressed. I will asked my doctor about the chemically inbalance thing but I'm not going to take anti depressiant pills last time it took all emotion from me. I could wright a poem for a weak.
NotYourAverageBitch that sounds really peaceful I'll try that some time. Thank you everyone for your great Ideas and EvilActivity don't do me like you did that poor other fellow lolz:p
5 Ways to raise self confidence up and knock down those bad ideals about yourself. 1) Facing Facts - You aren't going to be the greatest at everything, but know that everyone carries something special around with them that another cannot match. (A singer can sing but a painter can paint better than the singer... most of the time). 2) Frowns upside down- When someone gives you a smile you feel more positive, when you generate a welcoming presence, more people will smile. (Smiling causes a butterfly effect... unless they are very strict to mono expression.) 3) Be You- Last thing you would ever want to do is be someone different... sure change is a good nature thing, but it needs to just be natural and not for longing purposes. (Ain't sayin shes a gold digger, but she ain't messin with no broke da broke) 4) Move your body- Its been proven by Mayo Clinic that working out helps release chemicals that make your body feel at ease and better. (Whats better for a stress reliever than punching and kicking an inanimate object... other than a person?)  5) Go do something- Getting out of your house and doing something with a person or a group can be life saving. We are social beings, we need others to strive and thrive. (Make every memory count).
Okay,for all you self harmers out ther,or people who just want to help.Self harming is a monster.Any type of self harming is an addiction an a monster we all need to overcome.So i am proposing to everyone to tie a black ribbon around the places you self harm to remind you to beat the monster and you are not alon,if you do not self harm you can always tie one on your wrist.As i cutter i understand what it feels like,please,do not hesitate to contact me,and please,please join me in beating self harm. i9 love you all and you can beat this 
I totally agree with you and will help you I know i can get my friends my band mates and pur fans tp join in
I like the sound of this. Ganna prob start doing this every NSD from here on out.
I really like this idea, ill help and do this, i think itll really help me....
glad i good help!
When people randomly cut you out of their lives with no warning or explanation and you feel like you weren't half the friend to them that you thought you were. Being made to feel even remotely special, only to be proved by them just how much you're not.

Has anyone ever randomly left without a word? Have you ever broken contact with someone?

If so why do you think they did, or why did you?
Happened to me and it sucks.
yeah, I used to have this friend and we used to talk all the time and we always hang out during the summer. then all of a sudden she stopped calling and if we bump into each other it's just awkward.. I try to think that maybe it's because we're already in a different school or that because I'm older.. to me she was like a sister, but now I just dont really know...
well im really shy n ive been with a couple of guys who r shy too...
we just get so shy that we completely stop talking :/
-end of relationship-
When people randomly cut you out of their lives with no warning or explanation and you feel like you weren't half the friend to them that you thought you were. Being made to feel even remotely special, only to be proved by them just how much you're not.Has anyone ever randomly left without a word? Have you ever broken contact with someone?If so why do you think they did, or why did you?we met on e puddle and we started going out then i sent her my pic and said your not emo ...I think she excpected me to look better and im really sad you don't have to wear all of these dark clothes to be emo
Meh I have tons of failed relationship, friendships or otherwise.


2002- She confided in me about her abuse at home for two years, I told the conselor because I wanted to save her I felt like I would be responsible if something bad happened to her. It gets investigated but it turned out that she was lying to me. She tells the conselor and her family that I made it up to save her own ass. Since then I don't belive the bullshit people try to feed me about shitty lives and molestation.

2003- She made a point to tell the wood shop teacher that I was too mentally challenged to take woodshop and risk injuring myself on the machines just because I liked my current project partner, They put me in cooking class for another semester thanks to her.

2003- She was nice to me up until I joined student concil too it was her idea she encouraged me to join but then she changed on me, made claims I was trying to make her look bad and didn't want me on the decoration commitee.

2004- He didn't consider telling me before hand that he liked bigger bitches and he gave up trying to trick me into gaining weigth.

2005- She only liked me because I was the foreign exchange student and I was arousing interest she could feed off of. she admits this the day I'm returning home. Way to ruin my cherished expirience. Don't go on an exchange to Chile.

2005- She shoved her half sister out of a moving car over an inheritance fued...

2006- he picks on my habit of stuttering and yet he calls his mom everyday for anything that comes up daily in his life. He also plays with himself while i'm lying next to him. It has made me feel like i'm laying next to a child that has discovered his penis for the first time.

2006- He died in a helicopter accident He was a really nice guy My first real loss too.

2007- He is a film critic, a history major, and poet. I was always intimidated by his "artsy" side. He is intelligent, well-versed, and well educated. He wanted to get married but his life was too ambiguous. I never felt like I really knew him.

2009- SHE told me she hates me with utter vehemency but she sucked up to my friends and wants to be buddies with them asap. Nothing wrong with being nice but she tries to build her own CLOSE RELATIONSHIP with them.

2009: SHE kept trying to hook up with my brother while he was seeing someone else. Her visit became less about me and more about my brother. When he gets stationed back in the marines she doesn't bother coming anymore.

2009- After becoming official, he tried to enlist my help in getting revenge and publicly humiliating his Ex. I was not gonna be a rebound so I dumped him.

2010-  He kept trying to run my life on HIS schedule. I was was expected to wake up if he woke up, or go to bed when he does. He was trying to gradually cut me off from my friends and family, Followed me to canada during holiday like a freak stalker ect ect....

2010- He got fustrated and kicked me in the ribs and dragged me by the hair while I was having a fit. I belived he had an understanding that I had a tendancy to break down at random cause I was autistic but I put myself in the hands of a total monster.
iv lived nxt to neighbours that yell, swear n hit each other...
Call the police.
Well the whole "call police" thing did nothing, but atleast I don't have to live there with my sister at the end of the day.
What do I do to make every person I meat dislike me they dont know me.... If I was different, someone who I know I'm not would that make them except me? Am I not good enough for anyone just the way I am?
i know the feeling,its the same way for me,id always be excluded from groups and stuck with the other people who were rejected,it kept happening and we eveatually beacame friends and now are inseperatable,but i still feel oucasted cos im the only goth/emo/punk in my group,i know we got off to a bad start but id like to start over and get to know someone similar to me
I know that feel  Whenever I'm just being myself people end up just hating me for no reason. I used to be a dancer and for some reason no one liked me. I only had what? 2-3 friends? You're not alone  But to the people who just flat out don't accept you for who you are, they are judgmental and cruel minded. Don't let them get to you. You're a better person than they are and they are jealous of that. Don't waste your emotions on them.   They are no one.
If you somehow appear different, people are going to treat you differently. Why? That's how many people are. They see something different then what they're used to, 

They treat it differently. It is outside of their perfect little box. 

Keep your mind and heart open. I'm not saying to pour your secrets out to the next person that asks you for your name, 

But don't stop looking for friends. You'll find them.
ppl nowadays dont like ppl who r different...thats how life goes now...
which is fucked up .
I know how oyu feel   thats how it is at my school, people hate me because I dress the way I dress , they think I'm weird because I had to go to the school in the middle of the effing year i get bullied every day and my main bully used to be my friend the only people i have left are my true friends back in my home town and the person I love the most who I dont get to see but every month 
Feelings mutual bud. People now-a-days judge off of our appearences, (which is pretty damn stupid, but eh.) and at My school appearence is the one thing that's going to determine your status. So if I don't come to school wearing short and tight pencil skirts, or baggy off the shoulder shirts, I'm an outcast. But the one thing I've learned is that all the better people are outcast. Look for them, you'd be surprised at how many are around you. OH and just one more thing, Nerds are a hell of a lot cooler than they seem. I'm in the nerd group at school, and let me tell you. They are fudgin awesome! They're outcast just like us, and most of them don't care how you dress or look. They're pretty awesome people. Give em' a chance. You might be surprised.
It's hard to initially become accepted into a group of friends, especially during high-school years. However if you see yourself as an outsider, you're going to have this immediate wall of defence, which isn't very inviting for prospective friends. It's hard at first glance to judge people correctly, but try and remain optimistic about friends.
Also remember that it's ok to be on your own, because being alone isn't the same thing as being lonely :]
So basically I was hanging out with two of my really good friends and one of my friends wanted advice from me because I've dealt with this in my past an still getting through it  that she thought about cutting and my other friend started laughing.
Well your other friend shouldn't have laughed. I mean she doesn't know everything about her friends life... So why laugh about it. Or she could have thought your friend was kind of joking about it or something. But she should not have laughed.
yeah exactly I honestly don't know why he laughed.
your friend is an ass.
Her choice whether she wants to laugh or not. She isn't bullying you, if she finds it funny then it's her business and you have as much right to judge her for laughing as she has the right to judge you and your friend for cutting.
Because thinking about cutting is a pretty idiotic thing to do.
If you're not a self harmer and you feel a bit bad, the logical thing to do is to go "hmm what shall I do, I'll do something that makes me happier" Hurting oneself isn't the first thing that should come to mind, so considering harming yourself as maybe an appropriate response to a bad situation is a ridiculous notion.

That being said, I am sorry for those that suffer self harm issues, because no one should have to resort to it etc.
So I've never been in love with myself, it's true. But lately, my self hate has gone up a few notches, and all I can put it down to is because I'm fat and I can't lose the weight. Or maybe it's because I seem to fuck everything over... Or maybe because my grandparents, who are supposed to love me, kicked my family out of our house. I don't know, but I seem to pin the blame for everything on myself, without thinking, I'll find some reason why it's my fault. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO???!!
You stop making yourself a Martyr and do something about it.
Haha I have tried. I don't know, I'm just fucked, usually I'd be able to just get over it, you know? But not lately. I don't know, it might just be because I'm under stress from the HSC..
To be honest, I don't understand myself anymore. :/
Then you have not tried hard enough.
I understand what you are feeling. It's mostly stress and confusion. Many a time I have blamed myself for things that have happened within my family and my love life. For instance, my mother is a narcotic drug addict. Or was, until I stepped in. However, the first time around I intervened a divorce almost broke out between my mom and dad because my dad had no idea what was going on. And through me he found out, only because I needed help to stop her path of self destruction. Unfortunately, she found herself taking them again and I caught her... again, about a year later. This time, it was much more violent. My mother made threats not to tell anyone, and I didn't feel safe at the house. So I found myself rushing to my grandparents to stay with them for a few days, and my grandparents this time helped to intervene. My mother arrived at their house and a shoving fight broke out between my mother and grandmother. I was so heartbroken and cried for hours. I blamed myself more times than I could count that day. I felt I was the reason that my family was falling apart, just because I tried to say something and do what I thought was right. But eventually, through my actions that day, my mother finally screwed her head on straight and got herself cleaned up in a rehab facility. To this day, she's still clean and is going to weekly meetings. So my advice to you is do what you can, when you can. Do what you feel is right, even if you blame yourself for what has happened. If you can believe in your actions, the outcome will eventually surpass the struggle. Just take a deep breath, and think for a minute. If you find yourself  thinking negatively, grab a notebook or a piece of paper and try to think of some good things of yourself to write down, and then read them out aloud to yourself. Try to believe in yourself and that things will get better. Everything will be okay.
Thank you...
Kaboom
just because people (that includes yourself) blame you,  but that doesn't mean it your fault. just gotta say '' i don't give a shit! ''
and c'mon noone is fat , theres just more to love about you.
So, I was thinking, what does everyone think about Queen Elizabeth II?
thats the queen right? she looked bored in the opening olympic ceremony... she should have been more pumped up and intrested or at least looked like it
uhm... she's... kinda cool i guess. :shrugs:
Agreed with Ash.
She use to be a very happy woman. She looks bored cause' she's been there, done that. She's seen it all. Over and over again.
That maybe the case but everyone in the whole world watches her everyone looks for what her reactions are and since so was so unintrested it made many people upset and sorta angry, it doesnt have to boring it doesnt always have to be exactly the same she could change it slightly be more involved and have more fun
eh...i dont think much of her...

I think she's getting old. Period.
I have asked that few of my friends already but none of them gave me a decent answer. There is this girl I adore and I'm really close with her, she has been through hell in her life and I've been there for her to cheer her up and stuff. She claims me as her big brother but I really want to tell her how I feel about her maybe gaining an amazing girlfriend but not loosing the great friendship I have with her, there also is another part to it which stops me.... She's a singer in my band, and I don't want to ruin the band if me and her don't work out  Every time I see her I want to talk to her about it but I always get scared of being rejected and stuff.... Could someone please tell me what should I do ?
If she calls you her big bro then that sounds like friend zoned.
That's the annoying part... especially that she loves to flirt with me . .
Just because you see it as flirting doesn't mean it is.  Girls that are friendly, it may seem like they flirt, but in their own eyes/head, it's "I've never flirted with you".
Fair enough :/
					
					

Fair enough :/I know it isn't exactly what you wanted to hear, but the way females work sometimes can be quite harsh.  That or they can suddenly say that or something different, even if previously they actually were flirting or otherwise; all they have to say is that they weren't, especially if they change their minds.
yeah girls who r friendly rnt always flirting...
iv been accused for flirting even thou i wasnt...
i guess it depends how she 'flirts' will tell u if she actually is...
normally in my eyes if shes constantly trying to get ur attention n is getting 'close' to u i say thats flirting...
but if shes just mucking round wiv u n joking round n laughing etc i say thats just being friendly
Erm... i'm confuzzled here cuz she does both :/
ohhh...which one the most??
does she do it while theres other ppl around or is it just wen ur both alone?
if shes doin wen theres ppl around she cud just b showing off...idk...
it make more sense if she was doing it to u while its just the two of u it b flirting but im not sure
Both times... and both things the same... don't worry if you don't know what to think to this i'm planning to tell her how I feel today as I'm sleeping over at her house
haha lol okes xD
nawww cutes!
good luck then
Is it considered weak to be scared of something/one and not say anything or Is it considered stronger to say something? is it better to say something?
Depends entirely on the situation I'm afraid.
wat snow sed...
ah kays... :/

say hypothetically the person may be in danger of being badly hurt, or something bad happen cause of someone they live with, and the person was worried bout saying anything cause they dont know if what happen might or might not happen again? then?
					
					

That would be called going to a Police Detective to have them look into the matter and determine if the persons safety/health is in question of the person they live with.  If so, then they can stay and allow protection long enough for said person to take their stuff and leave, to go somewhere safe with a friend or otherwise.

Edit:  If you know someone is possibly in danger or something happens to them because you didn't say anything, by-law that usually makes you guilty of a crime (though really it would lead to a very guilty conscience).  So it's best to report it/say something.
					
					

does it make the person guilty of crime if say she didn't say anything even if it was her in danger and no one else knew about it? (hypothetically)
					
					

does it make the person guilty of crime if say she didn't say anything even if it was her in danger and no one else knew about it? (hypothetically)No.But it would make anything that happens to said person their own fault.
Hahaha okayy thanks
So guys, it seems that EP's url is gonna be blocked here because of my carelessness. I'm sorry guys. But I guess I have to go now. It saddens me to do this. I'm sorry. I love you all.



Shane, Cece, Sammy, you guys were my dearest friends here. I love you guys. I'm sorry.
You could still from a friends or at home?
He cant from Home. His Father blocked EmoPuddle!
FIEND!
FRIEND!!! He said friends house duh!!!
NUUUUU D;

Hack it?
D: go to public library?
why do you use ep as your place to word vomitdo you really like writing essays or somethingi just dont get it mfw i see any of your threads
How have you managed to be with any man at all is beyond my knowledge. Would you like to enlighten me on how you did it?
Dude, Don't be a jerk. The both of you. If you haven't got something nice to say, then it be best that you keep your trap shut!
She has a very valid point.
Men are full of it.
					
					

this is you :DDDDD
Dude, Don't be a jerk. The both of you. If you haven't got something nice to say, then it be best that you keep your trap shut!She has a very valid point.Men are full of it.The first two are girls.  What does that say about your post?Your rush to sexism and throwing feelings/emotion around rather than approaching it logically is why the human race is in all of the problems that they are in.  If you don't like their disagreements, you can contribute something or stay quiet if you're going to be like a small upset child.
First off My post aren't lily-white, but I'd like to think they are proof I've matured somewhat over the years, to the extent that I don't sit around attempting to rationalize or question my mistakes. Aside from the fact that it is incredibly patronizing, (and even demeaning!), that people who use the "Trolling" crap are really just trying to bring attention to themselves within the work and effort and honesty that i've placed out there - and yes, sometimes These "trolls" are rarely genuinely concerned about an opinion and are more towards hurting the other person - more likely they are worried about losing something in the process, and getting hurt themselves. It's the quintessential "cake and eat it too" syndrome - and they think they can have it by uncreative means of trolling voting down my post for the hell of it and then making comments on my posts of weeks ago I no longer even acknowlegde anymore But I'm not giving them that satisfaction. Because I'm needed here. And I'm going to continue writting. For the many people piss at me I have just as many supporters and I'm not going anywhere. I you only have these people to thank.  Now that i have stopped visiting my dad, I feel my self confidence in myself grow. Im losing weight, my depression is going down every day, i dont take any shit from boys who try to control me ( one of my ex guy friends (who also happens to be emo also) tried some emotional abuse and verbal abuse. Lets just say, he wasn't able to pee straight for several weeks) and im planning on changing my last name to my mothers maiden name legally when im 18. Thank you. ~ Hey,Very funny. I read through your comment and was suddenly heartened that not all women think "Cosmo" and that dirt rag "Oprah" magazine are really what it's all about. Jeesh... ~ Reading your rant has helped me to move on from a girl who whines into her online journal, wallows in her pity, and would do anything to have people feel sorry for her.   ~ It seems to me that there are far too few people like you, that are truely honest about what needs to be done with the world,  ~ just wanted to say I like your posts very much and I hope you stick around  have a nice day~ ~ Good luck with it, but do try and remain as kind as you can. Hard work, for sure, but its really only kindness and truth that make us different from the animals, eh. ~ I read your manifesto, it's about time somebody is telling it like it is. You don't "bash" people you just let them in on the secret that they are ignorant and boring. ~ You remind me of my roommate Yas. We swear she's a guy. She's cooler than shit, and, me being a guy, I'm not embarassed to admit that she can totally kick my ass.  ~  Eeeeeeek so this dude in that photo is dead??I think I'll just build a fort out of my couch cushions and hide in it 'til I'm sure that this fake is not a zombie! You so stopped me from making a really bad mistake.
Hello you'll notice i'm a noob, see I had just read Your "Revenge" so when I saw the tittle of this was about mail I assumed this was about your mailman In my mind i was instictively thinking "WHAT HAPPENED WITH THE MAIL MAN?! WHAT DID HE DO?! WHAT DID SHE DO?!" Scared me.... I wouldn't let it past any one else thinking the same thing.  That's all I guess.
I didn't consider that when I choose the title. So you wanted an update on The mail man? He is fine. The whole 3 month torture thing I said, that was not even a serious threat. I had only said that for the lolz, but instead I just got plenty of feed on what a conniving, insecure bitch I am for teaching him one lesson. I wont take any further action against your hero the mail man. I'm satisfied with one pay back. And this isn't just because ordering freebies and other junk mail is too annoying and time consuming to an extreme. The mail man chronicles end here I'm afraid. You shouldn't have been so gullible. I Hope this puts your curiosity at ease.
You are very funny btw. Are you coming to L.A on your next tour?No I'll be sincere. I want to be on the mail list too.I hope when you get famous you don't forget the little people who put you there, or the bitter angry people. And I hope you remember every last one of you loving, supportive, respectful, trolling, banterring, occasionally bitter, stalkers.With most deepest reverence and profound respect,Thomas
*Jaw drops*

Thank you Thomas.....

I am fucking laughing at half the people on here with there petty taunts and arguments. How many here really do have the brain to seek knowledge and the new, most are here to boost their tiny ego's that life has crushed for them.
Don't thank me.

Here's to you, "the crazy one". The misfit. The rebel. The round peg in the square hole. The ones who sees things differently. You are not fond of rules. And you have no need for the status-quo. People can quote you. Disagree with you. Glority, or villify you. But the only thing they can't do is ignore you. Because you change things. You push the human race forward. And while some may see you as the crazy ones, I see genius. Because you who are crazy enough to think you can change the world, are the one who would do so.
EvilActivity has a fanboy :3 how cute
I would say that from your writing, yes, you are an enigma. You have your realism. I would much rather be in the presence of a person that makes me think, and makes me use my own mind, thereby making me feel enigmatic too.
Same, IP.
Nice try.
You're going to be banned now.
---------------------------------------------------------
I'm actually not sure if I want to ban you yet, because you're god damn hilarious.

EvilActivity has a fanboy :3 how cuteLOLOLLikeee oh muh gawdd so fuckn c000t
your getting banned evil? WE'RE getting banned... uh oh You where not kidding eariler.
Makes sense I did hack you after all, sorry Thomas, I didn't think you were being sincere, I thought you were anouther person making dummy accounts to harass me. You asked too many questions.
Lol what the fuck. Did you change your IP?
LOL wtf is happening. This is THE BEST shit i've ever seen on this site.
I honestly do not know how to handle this.
					
					

What a raggamuffin.
Did you hack me really? I thougth he was making it up.
I had a feeling you would keep replying with your fake account. Somebody owes me $20.
He didn't make it up. I hacked you Thomas i'm not trying to cover myself or anything. Sorry about that if i'm going to be banned I don't have to take you out with me.
okay... I don't even know whats going on anymore....
Rape that damn Refresh button grrr!!
Started off quite nice, then interesting, then just damn confusing D:
It's okay, alot of other people made dummy accounts to send me mails because they are cowards. I wanted to throw them under the bus too but that wont happen they belong in a hierachy of staff or mods. People with the credibility aren't suppose to be the bad guys i am.

Don't you understand? I'm not responsible, I'm just trying to play the game too a game they built around me. Corner me like a rodent test me to see if i don't have the rabbies to topple the dynasty.
All of the text on that card is literally about trees fucking....
Ohhhh... Treefolk outside groaning all night dropping pine cones on my car. If they do it again tonight I'm setting fire to front yard.
I would try turning the hose on them but they'll just do it more.
I hear if you lay some stumps out in your yard it will scare them off. *rapeing refresh button of course*
Yeah, that's great until you get one of those real sicko trees. Then you wake up and the stumps are covered in sap... Anyway i'm gonna go. I'll see ya later. Or maybe not even. Goodnight.
Nature is horrible. That's the lesson here. Do not meddle with nature.


I think as this "Fan boy"  It must be my civic duty to announce that you hit your 100th post marker by that way.
I have one question:


What the actual heck is this thread?

Honestly it's not even amusing anymore I'd just go with the ban, becca.  I think someone needs a diary to vent in instead of coming here to do that and attempting to insult people that are witty/otherwise disagree with her/it.  At least try to be a part of the community rather than just bitching all the time on the forum.
I'm lost

There is only one word that can describe how i feel after reading this thread.												   "Whoa."


lolollolol
what it's true
I've seen this happen to a friends of mine and i just couldn'tdeal with their bull shit anymore,the situation where women keeps shuffling menlike if they're playing cards at a poker table is very self degrading and stupid and when people call them a whore or a bitch they wanna cry or when the person dumps them or breaks their heart..enough of this non sense! You degrade yourself and sleep with all sorts of men and have no clue what so ever about the disease they're carrying and then you come to wet other people's shoulders and cry about "oh god i dint deserve this,why did this have to happen to me" its your fault!!! if you haven't had such a record for doing shit you wouldn't be in this mess! sorry but i had to speak my mind!....i mean a girl doesn't  deserve to get her heart broken but the point where she reaches and dumps a man to hook up with another person instantly is stupid,pointless and its just for popularity and even these days school girls are sleeping with school mates to get an A on their assignment or to get their homework done..ooh what all of a sudden your hands are broken that you cant do your own shit for yourself??!!..seriously this will get you no where in life! but it might get you to the point where you have the name prostitute written on your forehead..seriously its hurtful and heart breaking to see women in society to degrade themselves like this..this is how far some women have reached and ive seen it happen from the start ive watched my friend go from a sweet innocent girl to a 2 timing whore
I agree with this.
I have to show this to my ex from back home..she's become like that! Word, dana!
You tell em Dana!! I totally agree with you
It's totally true...my ex friend was my inspiration for this but everything she did she regretted nothing
Wow.
So I'm not sure if this should be here, or if it should go somewhere else, but I guess I'm asking for help. I'm not asking for a "boyfriend", just a guy friend who's not an butt wipe. Someone who I can talk to and won't judge. So if you're interested or you know someone, or even if you feel the same, please reply. I love to meet new people. -Lyn-Z 
Go on.
same here
Go on.Go on how?
same hereIt happens to the best of people..
So, it's basically a place where guys willingly enter the friend - zone?
Not really interested, but wondering, why not talk to girls? (Why does it have to be a guy?)
So, it's basically a place where guys willingly enter the friend - zone?Not really interested, but wondering, why not talk to girls? (Why does it have to be a guy?)Well not exactly. I'm just putting it out there that if you're a guy, and you have a girlfriend, that I'm not gonna try to secretly get you to break up with her or something.  If you're single, well..... And as for talking with a girl instead of a guy, ....well let's just say every time I talk to a girl, the conversation ends up having to do something with clothes and shopping....not really my interests.....
Hello
Everyone judges to some extent, that can't really be helped but feel free to PM me if you have problems you wanna talk about.
Most people confuse love with delusion. Delusion is believing someone is perfect, that you'll marry them, that they're the prince charming on a white horse, that you want them forever, that you've never seen such an amazing person etc... Love is believing NONE of those things, but still continuing to be with someone.
Love is accepting someone's flaws and actually wanting to be with someone forever o-o
In Colorado, yesterday or today, a 24 year old man named James Holmes dressed in full-body armor and entered a movie theatre that was playing, "The Dark Night Rises", bringing with him 2 shotguns, a rifle and another gun. Minutes into the movie, he starts shooting everyone who dared to move. He claimed he was "the joker", or, Batman's main enemy. Police say his apartment is booby-trapped and have evacuated the complex. His car was parked at the backdoor of the theatre and had guns inside the trunk. There were 12 people killed and 70 were wounded. One of the killed was a nine-year-old girl. What made this man commit such an awful and horrendous act of violence? I'm not entirely sure. What do you think?
it's all over the news. A seven year old boy was also killed and a three month old was possibly harmed but was discharged from the hospital with no injuries.
 I don't really know what this man was thinking, but to do some thing this horrid is just wrong.
					
					

oh well people died...got hurt....nothing that exciting.
ok i just need to ask this... who the fuck takes a three month old to a batman movie at midnight?!
Yea.... Man what has this world come to...?? -sighs an shakes head-
I do have control, maybe more then you, See I didn't blink when asking to use my husbands credit card to send my girlfriend flowers in the hospital.[Um...don't you have your OWN credit cards? No. You just have your own husband. And I'm getting the idea you might be just a LITTLE bit conflicted about him.]I will talk to her on the phone, day and night, with him right here. I've taken her to bed with me, whispering in the phone, while he sleeps beside me.[Just like schoolgirls.]I have even gotten off with her on the phone, locking him out of the room.[Are you consciously trying to live out a "Friends" episode? It's a wonder he was still there when you unlocked the door.]I have slept night after night on the couch, with my dogs, leaving my hubby in the bedroom.[You being such a prize and all, I'm sure that's a terrible hardship on him.]I purposly avoid the phone when my mother may be calling, citing a headache, or not feeling good to avoid listening to her whine, or have her ask for help.[I suspect whatever's wrong with you may be genetic.]Can't argue that I am a bitch with a capitol B,[Living in the capitol of the State of Immaturity.]and nothing you say can make me feel one iota of guilt for this.[Why don't you put us out of your misery? Were you taken hostage in a church? I take it you entered the marriage of your own free will. There is no need to behave like a rebellious captive. Or, um, a sociopath/user. Get the hell out, grow the hell up. I wonder if your girlfriend will still be enraptured without all the drama.]
I'm a bit confused
So am I o-o assuming it's some sort of argument
It was in the form of a letter I recieved. Only I had broken it down. I wanted to place my reaction to each sentence she wrote. I was really nauseated with what she was doing and the bold text is frankly what I was thinking as I was reading it. without my reaction added I don't think it would have that. "wow this lady is crazy" aspect to it.
Oh ok so you actually know the person, makes sense now. I thought some random woman was emailing you and justifying her actions :']
plz no judge mental ppl comment im in a rlly dark place and i dont need to be im a fuck up.

i cut because of all the pain i have, it all started wen i was 13 and i hung out with my exs brother and he told me gave me a razor and said "use it wenever u feel hurt it takes tge pain away" so i started cutting wen i got dumped, my parents broke up, my friends turning their backs on me, then i culdnt stop cuz thats the only way i know how to taje the pain away :'( someone help me i need to stop but its so difficult
ok yesterday i was talking with my mother and we start talking about clothes and i ask can i have like 70 bucks to buy  new skinnies and a tee shirt from jayj's she said no way i want you to drop a few more dress sizes first
i was like MUM I AM A SIZE 10 for fuck sake you want me to be like a size 7? yes i do i am sick of u being fat wtf mum
what the hell is wrong with her?
MESSED UP
definately
i don't know its just i look bigger then my sister nicole when she was size ten i think she wants me to be nicole my sister so happy and energtic but all i wanna be is me sad and by my self in a corrner
just be yourself fuck what she wants you to be
how can i when all she dose is hurt me
i dont know.... sorry
maybe i could run away
you should, but where you going to go?
i have no where to go
go swimming and find atlantas
yeah but i   don't like water
haha same here
it wrecks hair that has been straightened
it was just an idea
maybe i should just leave and keep walking and walking to the tip of australia and jump
no! i'ma slap you if you do, not really i'm too nice but dont
yeah but i would be fun to see if i could make it

i might do it one day
what go up north?
yeah walking no hitching or anything
...goooodd luck with that
yep it will be hard but i will do it my goal
yay good luck
thanks i might do it after i start getting paid so i can afford stuff i need
yeah, thats a good start
yeah

or i could do it when i get my p's
cheating
i know but it will be fun and i could get a mate of mine to come with me

rolfl
lolz
yeah and if me and matt are still together i will ask him to come along wiv me
cool
yeah
haha
YEPO
well this is definately a serious conversation *serious face*
well its started serious then u kept saying stuff so it's getting funnier and less SERIOUS lol ROLF
oh so this is my fault waaaaaaaa
NO its mostly mine i couldn't be anymore serious
haha
DANCING TACO
yep, i'm definately the most serious out of us at the moment
hehe i love dancing wiv the dacing TACO
random
i love being random
yeah same

blagadash
crazy dancing robot
ssenmodnar
beepbobpeep
randomnessbackwarddrawkcabssenmodnar
RAWRRAWRRAWR IAM DINO-SOAR
?gnitirw i ma tahW
SPUDPOTATO
What was i writing?
idkHEHE XD
read it backward, did you not get why the question mark was at the start and the capital letter at the end
lol i thought it was just u
thats so mean! maby u could stay at a friends house
...What...tehfawk. I could probably go and type all these YO MAMMA jokes but I don't know any.
I'm so lame :3
lol thanks guys yeah she dosen't know he beats me either when she isnt around to see thats why i can't go down town with hi or anywhere i can't trust my steppie
im concerd for your safty, is there anyone you can talk to about this?
Dude wtf o.O that's messed up!!
move in with a friend?
no i have no one thats why i want  REID coz he will listen
why dont you just write your mom a very long letter.. explaining everything and tell her that you are your own boss and she can get over it..
Your mum should think before she speaks. If I were you, I'd just call her an anorexic pig because she shouldn't make any decisions about your body.
yeah i wish i could but i can't bring my self to do that
Well, you might as well tell her that you don't care what you look like because it's your body and you feel comfortable in it. Plus, what's iside is what matters the most.
that is true but i couldn't
Well- no matter what- stay strong!
well thats all i can do at the moment well i got good news XD
MY MUM INFORMED ME LAST NIGHT THAT SHE AND MY STEP ARE SPLITING UP BUT THERE IS A CATCH HE HAS TO STAY WITH US CAUSE OF MUMS TO LITTLE KIDS ARE HIS AND HE CAN'T FIND A HOUSE BUT MORE OR LESS NO ASS HOLE AS A STEP DAD
I wish my mum would split up with her sorry ass husband :/
oh why Pm me
bro i feel sorry for you if you ever wanna talk feel free to talk to me i was bashed by my parents, in and out fosterhomes and sexualy abused
That's kinda f'd up that your mom would say that. Im a size 7 and my mom say's im fat though so it's chillz, no matter what size you are they're opinion it wont change. She want's your attitude to change so she figures losing a few pounds will help. =/
she is such a cow its not like i need to i am healthy and well i am happier being big cause i dont get knocked around as muched as i use to so i am really happier about being the size i am it just piss me off something
Your mom is being way to judgmental and selfish  I'm so sorry that your going through that....Its not fair at all
Don't worry shes just jealous of you ;D .
thankies she is so mean i am hang out with my best guy freind and he comes in to wait for me to get changed for dinner and mum shoots 50 million qestions at him she is such a idoit
i tryed running away once
and dont run away until you are tottally prepared
i learned
man and my legs and shoulders were sore for days
your moms a bitch....my moms a bitch too....all moms are bitches
talk to her about it. tell her how u feel, and maybe, hopefully, she'll understand.
Yeah my daddy did the same thing to me the other day when I asked for Taco Bell :l 
He said "Like you need Taco Bell!"
The fuck?
my father died so i don't know what  it feels like to have that happen
yeah if you feel good about yourself and the way u look don't change for other people.not even ur parents they will accept
you or they won't,and a size ten is good thats a normal person! most people range from a size 8-12 depending on how tall they are..
i mean I'm 5'6 and i'm in a 14 but im working down....cuz i want to be a 8 but personally if ur happy the way u are stay ur self dont let anyone
change u! 
thanks XD
Be yourself and don't let anyone change you
i mad at my mom for smoking cuz she had never gotten that habit she probably would not have died and then i would still have her with me even though she would have told me annoying stuff or whatever i still would at least have a mom
Is anyone else sick and tired of this "LIKE" word??

I just CAN'T STAND it when I hear women talk and "like" is every other word that's coming out of their damn mouth. And I'm NOT referring to girls who are in their pre-teens or teenagers as the ones who do this. So-called WOMEN in their 20's and 30's are STILL talking in this manner as well. Is it just a bad habit they can't break or does talking this way seem "cool and fun" to them?
It's irritating as hell to me when I overhear a girl say something such as "I felt so like weird about like the whole like situation and I like didn't like know what to like do..." Do you realize how fucking nauseating and annoying that sounds?? You might as well include an equally immature and annoying phrase similar to "gag me with a spoon" when you talk. Seriously. It's THAT fucking irritating.
Personally, I could NEVER sit down and have a conversation with another woman who spoke this way (not without wanting to break her damn nose - and I probably WOULD end up doing it). Trying to carry on a conversation with someone who kept on spewing out that "like" word would drive me fucking insane. Imagine getting together for coffee or something with a friend or co-worker or ANYONE and having to listen to this:

"I was like so like bummed out when I like didn't hear from him after our date. I like thought we like had fun and I like really like thought he was like gonna call. I don't like wanna call him 'cause I like don't wanna like seem like pushy or be like all like weird about it..."
Fuck! If I were him, I wouldn't call your fucking ass either! You need to grow up and TALK in an "adult manner."

If you're someone who speaks similar to that example, trust me, you're fucking NAUSEATING. Go ahead and remove ALL the "like" words in the sentences in the example I gave you and read it again. See how they're NOT needed whatsoever?! Not even ONE of them.
I hear girls on some of those silly TV reality shows talk this way. I overhear conversations other girls are having when they're BOTH talking in this manner. The people I associate with certainly do NOT act imitate little valley girls or whatever you wanna call it and talk so immaturely. Just seeing this shit on TV and overhearing it is enough to make me wanna fucking scream and break some damn necks.

Newsflash: The word "like" is a VERB. You might "like" chocolate or a particular movie. Saying "I like this or that" is how you're SUPPOSED to use the word "like." Overuse of this word, ESPECIALLY in the wrong context, is so fucking irritating. STOP IT!

If you're someone who tends to do this and talk this way, PLEASE get a tape recorder so you can record yourself and play it back later. MAYBE after you hear how nauseating the way you talk is, you'll get the motivation to eliminate that word from your fucking vocabulary. If you actually think there's nothing irritating about speaking in such a damn immature, childish and annoying manner then PLEASE just keep your distance from me. Otherwise, I can't promise you that I won't remove your tongue in some way to prevent you from spewing that word over and over again. Yeah, you fucking heard me. I might just like take that like tongue of yours and like cut it out of your like mouth so you like can't like keep on like talking like THAT!!!
You know, you have a lot of energy to spare getting frustrated about the most idiotic things. 
One of my pet peeves are people that are too easily aggravated. You should try and direct all that energy into something positive and productive. 

Who cares how they speak? So what if it makes them sound a bit brain dead? It's just the way they've learnt to talk. It doesn't negate whether they're a good or bad person, and it doesn't always mean that they are stupid either. 

It's not as if they're using demeaning turns, or directly harming anyone. If it annoys you, uh... don't talk to them? Problem solved. :l 
it's akin to saying uh or um or I don't know whilst talking. I don't think I know anyone that talks completely fluently.
No good or bad persons ot really the issue it's more like, WillFully stupid. Sure Not everyone will don't find anything wrong with a middle aged person talking in such a childish idiotic manner. It doesn't fly over my head though.To me that's saying "oh hey I'm a grown ass person but i'm gonna talk like a baby and giggle inanely because I don't respect myself and want to be percived as a child and not be taken seriously!! yay!"  I don't live in a reality show for bimbos. What kind of drugs induce this rubbish? Fact is this is a pathetic attempt to  reinforce attention to themselves with thier gaga little girly gimmicks because they are that stupid they can't string a sentence together?

I don't ever want to have this conversation: "Like, Who like cares about Iraq, North Korea, or like any of those like unpronounceable countries somewhere on like the other side of the globe. Like What's Britney doing today? Did you like hear about Lindsey Lohan like getting out of rehab?"

 It's like they have some mistaken belief that if they can't get a persons attention legitimately, they'll try the "I'm like 32 but i'm so dumb look how cute it is" route, as if, men, are genetically programmed to feel attracted to little perschool girls with tits... . what a hideous lust object to mythologize. This can be cripplig to thier self esteem only it will be thier own fault.

I can't stand being surrounded by such a multitude of complete idiots so obsessed in their own personal abnegation of stupidity. It's rather difficult to keep an optimistic view on the human race. Humanity as a whole has developed into one giant cesspool. And, no, it's not like that because we were born that way. Idiots are idiots because they're too superficial to better themselves. I hate WILLFULLY stupid women or men I can't stand they let them breath MY air.

You may think this is sufficiently bitchy, but Why discriminate agaisnt race, religion, waist size, sexual preference, gender, occupation, when there are so many stupid people in the world? And there's nothing wrong with having no tolerance for that even if I am being cynical about it.
Unfortunately, ours is not the perfect world and there will allways be idiots.Anyway, some people like being dominated by men in those kinds of ways, and who are you or anyone to judge their interests?I can't stand being surrounded by such a multitude of complete idiots so obsessed in their own personal abnegation of stupidity.As I've said before, so don't surround yourself with that type of people? Of course they exist, always will.This seems like a pretty pointless conversation because there won't necessarily be any interesting outcome.All I'm going to say, is if stupidity and ignorance really bothers you so much, go teach/enlighten people instead of complaining about it. Not everyone gives a damn about having a college degree, or any degree of intellect, and they're definitely not going to change if you just criticize them behind their backs.
Unfortunately, ours is not the perfect world and there will allways be idiots.Anyway, some people like being dominated by men in those kinds of ways, and who are you or anyone to judge their interests?It's how the world works.Should we not judge things that should be judged?  Common stupidity is the reason why other people suffer.  Normal people get sued all the time by stupid people doing stupid things which goes against the average social intelligence or common sense.  Let's drive on our cell phone and blab about celebrities and not notice the card ahead came to a stop and smash into their car, and sue them because they were in your way (or some other excuse which locks people in court).Judging is a critical tool that many people use in many places, typically to keep them safe from harm / property damage / being around someone likely to get you in trouble.All I'm going to say, is if stupidity and ignorance really bothers you so much, go teach/enlighten people instead of complaining about it. Not everyone gives a damn about having a college degree, or any degree of intellect, and they're definitely not going to change if you just criticize them behind their backs.If the education system wasnt broken then this likely wouldn't be a problem, especially if we focused less on idiots for the news, and more on people that can actually enlighten people and challenge them on thinking, rather on what's next to wear or gossip about.I don't see where college education level or success was mentioned nor where it was deemed mandatory.  Common sense and basic intelligence begins at childhood, not during college.
					
					

I Don't but disclaimers on my OPINIONS.

Yes I demand a better class of people in my life, and I kick my own ass until I meet my own goddamn standards. And? So? Is it Pointless to have stadards? No it's pointless to not live by your standards. I stated my facts my reasons to vent and you give me the same argument because somewhere you forgot this was the opinion of an induviduals personal expirience. I don't see where in my post I was asking for your advice.

It doesn't matter if you agree or not. This is MY PERSONAL OPINION. If you are threatened by my vent that is your problem. I will make no apologies for who I am, What I hate, Or what my point of view is. You flatly call me pointless having forgotten this is my own generalization. I don't require any advice. I don't need to change my mind. I hate stupid, and there is nothing you can do or say to change that. What if i said "hey I'm allergic to broccoli" Are you gonna say "thats so pointless! broccoli is good! throw some cheese on it!"

I refuse to let others dictate my life or opinions and I am proactive in living the way I choose or thinking the way I choose. It's my mind to change not yours if you can't appreciate it kindly fuck off instead of interagating an opinion. with "why don't you do this differnt?" "Why don't you think of it this way?" "What did they do to you?" I'm not willing to compromise on the stuff that matters to me.

Don't tell me that im "Pointless" just because I'm saying something you don't like. The rest of the world will not pander to peoples "delicate" feelings, why should I?

There are so many POINTLESS threads to call out. Like little miss. "I hate mommy i'm not 18 and i don't pay for my own clothes but she shoul still let me wear what i want or go to hell" or classic "my teacher hates me and gives me bad grades cause I don't wanna follow the dress code" and what happens? Everyone eats it all up and reactions are usually "awww poor you." and "hey that is so true." Shows how stupid they are falling for a one sided story not knowing the truth, just being blind and not telling these assholes to consider thier own rotten behavior.

But then I post some thing where i'm not attacking an individual. My post I based on true facts on real human behaviors and idiocy, lazyness, My more than understandable hate for the "blame game." and i get called out as pointless. I don't cry over stolen boyfriends or complain about my fucking hair. I just want the whole world to be better...including everyone in it, If that makes me pointless then fine. Pointless is all i want to be.
Enligthen them? .... So, is STUPID actually encoded in peoples DNA, I always assumed they where idiots on purpose... My bad.
It's disgraceful that bad, rude, childish, and/or dishonest behavior is often tolerated in our society. Apparently, confronting someone on bad behavior is considered even worse... like the social equivalent of belching at a dinner party....
Oh god I just realised what a total arse I sound like Dx

I'm sorry for upsetting you (if I have) 

I need to start sleeping again.
Enligthen them? .... So, is STUPID actually encoded in peoples DNA, I always assumed they where idiots on purpose... My bad.Alot of people know if they act stupid they can get the attention of practically anyone.
I recently moved 11 hours away from my boyfriend. He is the most amazingly wonderful person ever. Hes always there for me, he thinks Im beautiful no matter what and he loves me for who I am. Hes kinda like the perfect guy you would find in a movie. Well hes super insecure about our relationship because we are so far away from each other and I feel lke Im constantly reassuring him that hes the only one for me. We have been getting into... fights, I guess we can call them, and they are driving me insane they are over nothing. Im either not loving enough towards him or Im 'hiding' something from him. I have enought to deal with and him beng like this is driving me crazy. Can anyone give me advice on what I should do?
Don't worry hun...just tell him that if you guys can survive this you'll be stronger.....I mean think of it this way..you'll be farther apart so you will have to trust each other and tell him to just think about how happy you guys will be and how  you guys will  count down the day until you can be with each other again...the time you will be able to have together you will cherish and if your love is strong it'll survive...


It'll all be okay.... c:
Yeah... Just keep assuring him that his is the only one for you and that no one else could measure up. Tell him how much you love him, and keep reminding yourself how much he means to you. Stay strong.
Dump him.He may have been perfect, may still be perfect, but the situation is not perfect and I'm assuming not one you can fix. If you can move back or him move to you then I'd say go for it... but if the distance is long-term then I'm sorry but say goodbye to your relationship, clearly he cannot cope with distance and that's that I'm afraid.You can't base a relationship around a situation where he clearly cannot trust you. It's evident from what you've said is that the lack of trust is due to you being away, i.e he can't monitor you. Some people are just like that, they can't trust someone who they can't see and observe how they act. You can't change this.
I agree with Snow on this. 

If he can't trust you with a LDR, it's not going to turn out well
Long distance relationships are hard work, they require a lot of trust, and a lot of patience. If he can't deal with that, then that's his problem and if he's causing you more stress than it's worth then it's probably time to leave him.
Nina Speaks truth.
Just a short backstory to set the stage:

You could say that I have been a self-harmer all my life. My earliest memory of harming myself is after the neighbor boys yelled at me to go kill myself so I burned the tips of everyone of my fingers with a ciggarette lighter. I was six years old. Since then anything fron burning myself with irons on "accident", sewing all my fingers together, cutting off the circulation in my hands with string, and starving myself. I love pain.

I've been verbally and physically bullied my entire life and my mom is a mental case and my dad's recovering from addiction. I raised my brothers and sister.

Of course then you may guess that I am a cutter too and that is correct. I decided to tell my parents this year and they have been sending me to counseling since.

This is where I come to my problem. I don't understand why I need to stop. I hear people tell me how it destroys my self-esteem and self-worth and how it will not allow me to be able to overcome depression and I believe that it is true. I guess I am just scared of what I would be or what I would do since I have been self-harming for so long.

Have any of you ever had a panic attack? A panic attack is a sudden episode of intense fear that triggers severe physical reactions when there is no real danger or apparent cause. You might think you're losing control, or even dying. I start hyper-ventilating and shaking and can't stop. It is terrifying. People tell me take deep breaths, listen to music, draw, write, do something to cope. Nothing seems to work though. It is just like a distraction, but the problem still remains and comes back even worse the next time. It builds and builds until I finally cut.

I guess I don't know what I'm really asking or wanting to know. I guess I just don't understand why I need pain so much, and why it is so hard to stop. I really don't know.

I've tried to so hard all my life not to feel, because if you feel then you will get hurt. If you put on a strong face then when people tear you down they won't have the satisfaction of knowing how much they hurt you.

Now I'm just falling apart. Sorry this is so rambling and long.
I know how you feel, love. I know that it may make you feel safe, may comfort you, and you don't know what to do. I've been there as well, and I hate to say it. I really do...

The counseling is a good start. I've had panic attacks too. That may not be the best thing, try talking that out with your therapist. 

I don't know what else I'm supposed to answer. Sorry, love.
Well, I think maybe its hard for you to stop since you started from an early age. Maybe you can't stop now cuz when you do it you would feel the physical pain instead of the emotional pain that people gave you, so it keeps you from thinking about your emotional pain. Try to stop yourself from harming yourself by staying away from sharp stuff or anything that you can use to hurt yourself. And hun, we are all afraid to get hurt by people and we all suffer from that. But self-harming is not the solution
I have never been that sever at self harming,but I can relate,u may feel like it's the only way out,but it's not,I promise
pain is just a way to not feel other emotions that u dont want to feel...
it takes ur mind off of things that u dont want to think...
it sidetracts u from things u dont want to get involved in...

but if u dont experience these feelings, emotions, situations how can u learn from these things?
hurting urself like this can lead to dangersous things...
think bout ur parents. they hav problems of their own n how will they cope over all the situations theyre going through if u take a step too far and injure urself that u end up in hospital...

ur parents r just worried bout u n love you...they dont want to see u hurt yourself...they just want u to hav the best life u can and experience bad an good things cuz thats wat makes u stronger n wat makes u learn n help u to cope with things that r tough...

yes life is hard but if u dont experience the good n bad u wont learn...
it helps u to recover n step up...

life isnt all bout pain...
theres more things out there thats better than pain...
u just havnt experienced it yet...

try to overcome ur problems n help ur parents cuz theyr probably under a lot of stress...
dont worry life will get better...it just takes time.

you need to stay strong
be a role model to ur siblings
n help ur parents...

i hope i helped with something 
dont let bullies destroy ur self esteem...
this world is full of dickheads but we hav to live with it
I've tried to so hard all my life not to feel, because if you feel then you will get hurt. If you put on a strong face then when people tear you down they won't have the satisfaction of knowing how much they hurt you.okay kid its kinda obvious you got some growing up to do. Feelings dont get you hurt yea theres that possibility, but you cant be afraid of pain, or your emotions cause i hate to break it to you but your a human, yea i know it sucks deal with it. The thing that makes us humans different than wildebeasts and other animals is our feelings we draw strength from everything our feelings and they make us stronger. you keep denying that and youll never be free from them. the best way to overcome feelings is to accept that their there. As for youre bully issue hit those fuckers in the face!
Thanks guys, I kinda needed a kick in the ass to get me out of my self pity
it alright...
glad i cud help wiv sumfin ^vv^
I don't know if you already know this but there are a few alternative ways to help keep panic attacks at bay, or if you feel one coming on. there are several things I do to try and distract myself/calm myself down. 
-talking to other people
-writing down whats in my head
-smelling something that has a really strong smell, maybe that reminds you of something good-Lavender is quite effective

There are a few other things that I find useful sometimes, and maybe you've got your own ways of trying to stop them.
Doesn't allways work of course, which absolutely sucks.
One girl that was a really good friend of mine started hanging out with someone she hated and turned against me cause I asked her why she was hanging out with the girl she hated now all my 'friends' are listening to her and turning against me. I really dont know what to do and why this is happening me. I did everything for her but apparently Im just not good enough.
If someone can turn like that, they're not a true friend. 

I know it's hard, but I'm speaking the truth. (In my perception)
She sounds like a fake friend. Maybe its better you cut it off with her before it gets worse. and it can get worse. ive had friends like that who tried to control my whole life. Its not fun. real feiends trust you and respect the fact that you can hang out with other people, even if they dont like the person themselves. sorry if i sound a bit harsh, i dont mean to.
					
					

Just stop being her friend if she turned against you. And just ignore the people who also turned against you. Show them that you are just perfect without them
Thanks guys.
aww i know that feeling 

if they do that they r not ur real friends x
Half and half right there. On the one hand, yes you're no longer up for grabs and so people have less time and attention for you because of it. People are always nicer to people if they can date/crawl into their bed with them. The second half is more preservation. Some guys, or girls get a little offended, angry or upset when they're hit on while having a partner (or if people are altogether too friendly) as well as the partner sometimes getting jealous, angry and causing drama between the two people.

It's no surprise couples like to do things together while single people are shunned from couple meet-ups. If you're in a relationship then the general consensus is you either hang around with people in a relationship themselves or friends of a gender you're not attracted to (and visa versa) who are more often than not, old friends. 

People tend to assume (and in 90% of cases correctly) that if you're in a relationship with someone, you want to spend most of your time with them, only think about them, only really care about them etc... etc... and so you can be cast out socially if you let people believe that. A lot of people, all the time, lose friends from entering relationships.
That's never happened with me? people have asked of my boyfriends wellbeing, but never before inquiring after myself and saying it merely as a polite aside. I don't think it impolite to inquire after someones partner.
People value me as much as an individual now as they did when I was single, and my friends and family think nothing less of me, my name hasn't changed, no one calls me girlfriend, however amusingly ghetto that would be.

To be perfectly honest, I'm not at all interested in people that only wish to talk to me if I'm single, insinuating that they only find interest in pursuing me sexually. I quite like being able to say that Im in a relationship, because if someone remains interested, I know more of what kind of person they are, whereas if they are immediately deterred by the fact i'm not 'available' then why on earth would I want to associate myself with those that see me as an object to be acquired? It's a useful excuse to divide the worthwhile with the not.

I can understand some parts of what you're saying, but I think you might be over-exaggerating the issue as I find that various other social quirks are far more troublesome and irritating, and to be honest it really doesn't irritate me in the slightest. Maybe you're just surrounding yourself with the wrong people.
-cries-

WHY ARE PEOPLE SO MEAN!!!!

eveytime i see people getting bullied it gets me angry n upsets me 
why do people do this to one another??!!
ITS WRONG!!!!
THERES NO FUCKING REASON TO BULLY PEOPLE F THEYRE DIFFERENT!!!
NO REASON TO BULLY PEOPLE ABOUT THEIR LOOKS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION OR ANYFIN!!!!!

people who bully disgust me!!
I know how you feel. I did start to cry as I read this. 

People are so heartless now days...
i hate being bullied...think i'd be used to it after geting so much shit for the majority of my life...*sobs quietly*
-punches bullies in head- LEAVE PEOPLE ALONE U ASSHOLES!
if people have time to bully outher then they have way to much time on there hands to know what to do with
					
					

I don't think parents can help much, because those who are bullied mostly never tell their parents. I know that to this day I've never told my parents about who burend my hair, or kicked me blue.

However, ignorance is bliss, but sometimes it can be fatal. You have to tell someone.
If you listene,d the parents gave their song an exorcism to try to get him to stop being gay -.-
*kicks his parents in the face* exorcism....really? that was a bitch move...being gay isn't a sin as far as i know.
It is, according to the bible.
thus why im not religious o.o
exorcism??? wtf!
being gay doesnt mean theres a demon inside of him making him gay .
wtf?? that is soooooooooo stupid!!!!! his parents shouldnt have done that to him!!!! they should have stuck by him no matter what!! urgh makes me mad!! I mean seriously love is love no matter the gender!! why couldnt they just accept that!! not everyone is the same!! THERE IS NO REASON TO BULLY ANYONE NO REASON AT ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Being Gay is A Sin ?!?!?!?!!!!!?????? I have seen at least 3 documentaries about monks and stuff who were gay and had sex with oneanother.not to mention that some of the bishops were gay and  bangin guys.( i am no chrtistian or any other religion  but if i were to convert id probably be budist.)stuff like this makes me furious. And bullying someone for any reason is a sign of mental disturbance. how the hell can people treat someone like this???And the guys parents were asshole, stupid shitfaces and i hope they get posessed by chikens and then get eaten by ants.the ones that discriminate others are weak and pathetic little cratures who have a disdurbed minds and should be castrated.
If There realy is a god then why does he let people suffer like this?!?
So it seems that the GOP hates gay soldiers. After a soldier asked a question to a republican on a live debate, people from the croud started to boo.

It is what it is the GOP hate gay people in genral
Well that was stupid. I mean, just because you're gay you're auto-going to have sex with everyone?
our government at their best not
Do any of you vote? No? Then you shouldn't complain. The Democrats are all for gay rights and our government is cut up between GOP and Democrats, then you have the Radical tea party, but if you want to change the government then do so, all it requires is more people actually caring and seeking a change when you get old enough seek out the bills read up on them and vote, listen to our politicians and decide which one works best
in my opinion republicans are just religious annoying haters that think they are better than everyone else and are afraid that if they change everything they'll lose their "power" ....they just need to realize that there is nothing different between gays and straight people except who they are attracted to and that shouldn't influence someone's opinion about someone.....My one uncle is gay and he's one of my favorite uncles and that is because I love his personality.not because he's gay....one day I hope that everyone who doesn't like gays will get over themselves and just le them be...they are people like everyone else.... ^__^
but then again..I can't vote..YET...and to think of it this way...some of the decisions made today can affect my generation and my life...so its still good for me to have an opinion on things like this...I don't want the idiots of today to screw my life over..
Not a bad opinion at all except that the Republicans only hate gays to appease the people that hate gays like I said the government can change it only requires the people to want change
well....yes...that is true....but is more than 50% of our country gay haters? I think not.....although I do know that a lot of people who don't like gays are quite religious....it annoys me so too....People should marry whoever they want....unless you are the person you shouldnt make their decisions for them...
It isn't that anyone cannot vote, because there are times where people do vote and it still ends up the other way. Other users here are not of 18 years old, thus they cannot vote regardless. People weather they voted or are of age do have the right to protest, or disagree with any current policy.
They should get ready to vote because its easy to say this country is going to the dogs its completely different to go out and change it the best way I thought to serve my country is the US military, but that's just me
They should get ready to vote because its easy to say this country is going to the dogs its completely different to go out and change it the best way I thought to serve my country is the US military, but that's just meI belive this is the reason the rest of the world hates people in the states^Why're you so close-minded?
Maybe lol but I love my country and not a lot people my age do patriotism is slowly dissenting
Just because you love this country does not mean that what this country does or says or allows is right. A lot of people, like Dell said, can't vote so they are automatically excluded from making a difference. "Getting ready to vote" isn't going to help either, because views change and so does the government itself. The dude in the video (and yes I realize that saying "the dude in the video" makes me sound ignorant) said that they don't allow sexually activity. But that has absolutely nothing to do with allowing gays in the military. Just because they're gay that means they're auto-going to have sex? I think not. It's simply prejudice. 
"It only requires people that want to change it" 
Patriotic dissent is a luxury of those who are protected by better men than they, if your too young to vote form a political study group do something read up on the bills become active, but if my country falls because of a douche bag attitude like yours you slap every soldier in the face and you spit on the graves of every revolutionary that died to create this country, the younger generation has lost its patriotism because they forgot who dies for it and I assure you, if your American a soldier died to give you the right to vote and become active in our political system and your just gonna give up over something the GOP says? You gotta problem withe the GOP vote them out until you try to help none of you have the right to talk
I'm the one with a douchebag additude? Sir, I don't know you and I'm not going to pretend to. But I'd appreciate it if you also didn't pretend to know me. Yes, I am too young to vote, and the fact that someone who is obviously over the age of 18 is calling a kid on the Internet a douchebag makes me laugh. Maybe I am a douchebag, but at least I'm not bias toward our country. America is not the greatest country in the world, contrary to what a lot of Americans believe.
I'm not some 12 year old who doesn't know how the world works Shane, I actually do know how to form an opinion. And if none of us have a right to talk, then I guess you don't agree with the freedom of speech act huh?

Oh - and please go look up what the word "dissent" means before you correct me.
When I used the word dissent it was in a quote said by a great man, and I'm sorry you don't believe that America is the greatest country in the world but that only proves my point, you should because right now its the worlds only hope, if you think its so bad go to China or while your at it go to Ethiopia they stone homosexuals There America is the only place in the world where you can diss the flag insult the country and you don't get hanged and quite frankly I'm sad I believe in this country so much I'm willing to die for it 
I'm pretty sure you used the word dissent wrong. "patriotic dissent" is not a real term. It's a paradox.

Also, to say that "America" is the best country is a false statement. I believe its "United states"; whereas America is the landmass that contains Mexico, the US, and Canada. (and the other random Spanish countries south)

Furthermore, why don't you visit a country that is free and actually functional? Try Canada or the UK. If you compare a rose to a pile of shit, the rose will always appear better. If you compare the same rose to another flower - they are equal in its entity and beautiful. The point is every opinion related to which country is the best is only relative to what you know, and from your previous posts on the board you appear limited in information and closed off from any ideology that differs from your own.

Now if you really want to go there, we can bring up the camps you put the Japanese in, the Native Americans you murdered and the slaves you bought from Spain. I would also like to point out the un-acceptance of homosexuals, black people, Middle Eastern people and Mexicans. Sounds like a war-state only in illusion to North Korea.


Edit: and you'll die a fool.
This is a crock of shit.I talked with Mickey about this via msnin my opinion republicans are just religious annoying haters that think they are better than everyone else and are afraid that if they change everything they'll lose their "power" ....they just need to realize that there is nothing different between gays and straight people except who they are attracted to and that shouldn't influence someone's opinion about someone.....My one uncle is gay and he's one of my favorite uncles and that is because I love his personality.not because he's gay....one day I hope that everyone who doesn't like gays will get over themselves and just le them be...they are people like everyone else.... ^__^Yes, some Republicans/Conservatives are religious - which is what the country is founded upon.  Opponents use this to claim "they're so radical and crazy" and that somehow religion says "away with the gay people" when in reality everyone not a radical knows that if you want to be treated well - respect your neighbor.  If your neighbor is a nuisance, then when you become the same thing in return; you have no right to complain.The GOP prefers to keep the country in check, with traditional checks-and-balances.  They are not in power now and look at where the opponents have gotten us = A poor, breaking down country, full of eocnomical cheating, political abuse of power, political corruption, and economic corruption - even the President has had his hands in most of these things.Each side, every side, will have "gay haters" as much as a hatred of, anything.  The world and the Universe are full of unlimited combinations and possibilities, some things share commonalities such as a belief or more; one-to-many, many-to-many, many-to-one shared beliefs or things that make them act/vote/do/feel a certain way based upon hat has happened, environment, and again experience.When all you do is focus on a few people like this, you ignore the group as a whole - meanwhile the whole that is destroying the country and is the problem is being completely ignored in the media becauswe everyone is covering these "gay haters"but then again..I can't vote..YET...and to think of it this way...some of the decisions made today can affect my generation and my life...so its still good for me to have an opinion on things like this...I don't want the idiots of today to screw my life over..If you simply look (as stated above) and believe the whole group is a gay-hating, power-seeking group then you will vote for the complete wrong reasons altogether.  It's everyone you have to look out for; but everyone only counts for your country, and the countries foundation.  Thus; don't vote unless you actually know what the problem is, and if you do not believe the same as the country, you might want to consider your bias vs the countries foundation.Do any of you vote? No? Then you shouldn't complain. The Democrats are all for gay rights and our government is cut up between GOP and Democrats, then you have the Radical tea party, but if you want to change the government then do so, all it requires is more people actually caring and seeking a change when you get old enough seek out the bills read up on them and vote, listen to our politicians and decide which one works bestThey only claim it's radical because they want the Government to go back to what it's supposed to do; being controlled by the people, no corruption, no wreckless spending, and more accountability & punishment for those using such tihngs.
					
					

I'm pretty sure you used the word dissent wrong. "patriotic dissent" is not a real term. It's a paradox.Also, to say that "America" is the best country is a false statement. I believe its "United states"; whereas America is the landmass that contains Mexico, the US, and Canada. (and the other random Spanish countries south)Furthermore, why don't you visit a country that is free and actually functional? Try Canada or the UK. If you compare a rose to a pile of shit, the rose will always appear better. If you compare the same rose to another flower - they are equal in its entity and beautiful. The point is every opinion related to which country is the best is only relative to what you know, and from your previous posts on the board you appear limited in information and closed off from any ideology that differs from your own.Now if you really want to go there, we can bring up the camps you put the Japanese in, the Native Americans you murdered and the slaves you bought from Spain. I would also like to point out the un-acceptance of homosexuals, black people, Middle Eastern people and Mexicans. Sounds like a war-state only in illusion to North Korea.Edit: and you'll die a fool. what do you want huh let me ask you a question how many illegal immigrants do the UK, Mexico, and Canada get? I know America get more its easy to trash a country but I saw 60 immigrants become proud US citizens the day I graduated basic training I would fight and die with any one of them because they came here to escape their country, my battle buddy Vasquez didn't leave Mexico because it was better. I love my Country and I will die believing it's the greatest country because a lot more people want in America than they do out
I'm just going to point out that Dell didn't say Mexico was better. Frankly I'd rather live in the UK. We get most of our freedom rights from there anyway. 
You can die believing what you want to, but so will we.

Fact of the matter there is no more reasoning to be done here. Everyone has made their points and none of us are getting anywhere. No matter what we're all going to walk away from this with a lack of respect for the other person and we'll still think we're right. What's the point? There isn't one. Arguing about something that can't be changed is pointless, and before anyone goes on to say that this is simply a discussion of ones opinions - it's obviously turned into an argument of who's right and who's wrong. 

My opinion isn't changing, and sure no one else' are either.
I respect your statement
canada recieved more apps per 100 people than the US did in the year of 2010.

Please, don't start making up facts to prove a point.
Patrick Henrys speech, those men 
were willing to give up everything for a chance of freedom I dare any man to do better
Oh, I see. Well I thank you for your points Shane, and I do respect your opinion. But, you can't possibly believe that only those from USA are the only ones that believe in freedom, can you? That would be completely bias of you. Let me put it this way - It's coming off as if you carry no respect for other countries, and you think USA is the only country doing it right, and that we're the first. If I'm wrong please explain further.
No our country is doing it wrong, I'm saying people of my generation and the younger generation need to realize how great this country was and how we can fix it even if you can't vote you can protest, you can form political study groups you can read the bills and make a rational decision the country is gonna be in our hands patriotism needs to be inspired or our country will go to the dogs, ill make a deal with you Mickey; ill defend this country from the outside if you defend it from the inside.
o-o This country isn't old enough to have been that great. But I understand where you're coming from. I don't like politics and never have, and I really don't want to get involved in them. I may have an opinion, but that doesn't mean that opinion is with arguing this much over it,
punk3~ I am a bit confused why you're still opening your mouth right now. You may think what you're saying has meaning and context but it is complete bullshit and I am truly amazed even someone as dim as you cannot see that.
GOP hates gay people in general, just to clear that part up. But from all the hate gay people get it only makes us stronger and wiser... Everyone has opinions about everything. But mainly, having acceptance towards things such as gay, straight, bi, trannsexuals, black, asain people, etc... Is the only way our county can practically come together as one. If you look at religion, theres nothing in the bible where it says gay people will go to hell. So you can take religion out of these discussions. Also, if you look back in history Greeks accepted gays, everyone did, it was so common but, now it has changed because of religion AND because people thought gays started the spread of HIV in the 1900's. It's just like how hitler believed Jews had bad blood and thought they were going to take over.
GOP hates gay people in general, just to clear that part up. But from all the hate gay people get it only makes us stronger and wiser... Everyone has opinions about everything. But mainly, having acceptance towards things such as gay, straight, bi, trannsexuals, black, asain people, etc... Is the only way our county can practically come together as one. If you look at religion, theres nothing in the bible where it says gay people will go to hell. So you can take religion out of these discussions. Also, if you look back in history Greeks accepted gays, everyone did, it was so common but, now it has changed because of religion AND because people thought gays started the spread of HIV in the 1900's. It's just like how hitler believed Jews had bad blood and thought they were going to take over.That nor makes you smarter nor stronger.  Also, you're talking as if it's 100%; a bit of any political side "hates" gays.  The GOP just doesn't like to bend to everyones demand and wills unlike the current political party in power which is abolutely fucking up the entire country.  The only reaosn people say this is because they want marriage to be redefined rather than making a civil union with the same rights as marriage; since one is clearly religious and the other one is more social/political. There will never be a true "one" mentality, there will always be war or differing opinions as humans are more prone to be swayed by emotion and lack of reason, logic, and intelligence amongst the masses. Check your view at the door if it's immediatly full of bias.
wat so bad about being homosexual!!!!!
jeeze people wat is ur fucking problem!
if ur daughter/son turned homosexual wud u treat them differently!? wud u act differently!? even if theyre were ur own child/ren!!!
wat is this world turning to ?? .

we all hav a choice who we want to be, some of us just turn out differently, theres nufin wrong with that...

I GO FOR GAY RIGHTS!! 
wat so bad about being homosexual!!!!!jeeze people wat is ur fucking problem!if ur daughter/son turned homosexual wud u treat them differently!? wud u act differently!? even if theyre were ur own child/ren!!!wat is this world turning to ?? .we all hav a choice who we want to be, some of us just turn out differently, theres nufin wrong with that...I GO FOR GAY RIGHTS!! 
wat so bad about being homosexual!!!!!jeeze people wat is ur fucking problem!if ur daughter/son turned homosexual wud u treat them differently!? wud u act differently!? even if theyre were ur own child/ren!!!wat is this world turning to ?? .we all hav a choice who we want to be, some of us just turn out differently, theres nufin wrong with that...I GO FOR GAY RIGHTS!! 
Bipolar people should really be avoided. Nothing But drama llamas. I'm gonna start calling it drama queen syndrome.
Has anyone else noticed that an increaslingly insane number of women between the ages of 12 and 40 are claiming some form of severe emotional distress? Labels and disorders are fervently grasped and worse yet, proudly held aloft, in what is nothing more than a pathetic attempt to garner attention. The majority of these women aren't suffering from anything but an acute case of being an ASSHOLE.
It can be very difficult being friends with people that suffer from any type of bipolar disorder, just as it's hard to be friends with anyone that suffers from any mental disorder.

I highly disagree that you should avoid people simply because they are suffering, that is selfish and hurtful. How would you feel if you were suffering and all your friends decided to avoid you and desert you when you're at you're lowest? You'd feel even worse.
Bipolar people cannot help their moodswings, just as disabled people can't get up and walk. They can't help it and if they could I'm sure if they could they would, it's not exactly fun.
Being there for people through thick and thin is hard, but that's what friendship is, and being there through it all makes for the most fulfilling friendship you can find.

It may be true that the recent generations are a little bit backwards, and often people seek kudos through how bad their life may be, but that's not true for everyone that is medically diagnosed as such. And to be honest, it's no more than it's ever been. There has been an epidemic of depression in the younger generation, and I can't really explain that, but women in particular have always had problems with depression, it's just that now it's a lot less taboo to be on antidepressants. When my grandmother was middle-aged she was on anti-depressants, as was many other housewifes back then. Women tend to be the more emotionally in touch gender and have had a lot of trouble voicing them so it's no wonder that it's all erupting, probably also due to the romanticizing of it through metal and rock


Try and think a little about things before making rash hurtful decisions.
Yes! Thank you! Why the hell is everyone and their sister suddenly bipolar? Now, this is not to say that bipolarism doesn't exist, but for fuck's sake, it is NOT affecting 85% of American women.
People are far too quick to throw the label out, on themselves or on others, without 1) seeking professional help in diagnosing the issue, or 2) even seriously learning what it MEANS. For example, when I was going through puberty, my mother insisted I was bipolar, just because I'd yell at her. No, I was a moody teenager. Moodiness DOES NOT equal being bipolar. Not every moody woman is bipolar. But there sure is alot of them claiming they are so; just for being in a bad mood.
Shit happens in our lives too, and guess what - we CAN be legitimately pissed off, upset or angry without having some kind of "disorder". I hate self-diagnosis, because it's so often done by people who just like to have a label for themselves. I've known far too many females who call themselves bipolar (despite never speaking to a goddamn professional) as if it's a badge of honor. Thus I call that bipolar bullshit. How could I possible know that many bipolar people? It doesn't sit well with me. It's like they want an excuse to the way they behave.
I agree with you there. Self diagnosis is not and never will be equal to medical diagnosis. all you can do is hazard a guess, and if you've not had a professional opinion you shouldn't go around telling everyone that you are.

All in all i concur, but you shouldn't avoid bipolar people, just avoid liars and melodramatics.
Took the words rigth out of my mouth, They think it also gives them a convenient excuse for acting like an asshole whenever they choose. It's insulting to anyone who truly IS dealing with a disorder, it's childish, and it's shameful.
Yeah I'm totally resonating with what the two of you are saying. I may have confused it up a bit. See It's the fake bipolars I can't handle. It's gotta be some sort of act with them. Real bipolar people aren't trying to be noticed or toss all the details of their personal lives all over the place. These fakes never saw a doctor, they get moody and dramatic and instead of taking personal responsibility they say

"Oh I'm bipolar it must be so cause I'm always in a baaaad mood."
There is a difference between PMSing and being Bi-polar. LOL
I set Microsoft Word on my computer to English UK and it annoys the crap out of my teachers since they think everything is misspelled
I actually really like the difference betwee nthe two languages.  While both English, the defined spelling is rather different, which is an experience when you are actually there to experience it first-hand.  It might be little, but the difference between the two is rather large in noticable ways.

Also, I'd write more but im very busy until later on.  


When I moved to America as a child It was very conflicting to adjust I couldn't even write "Mum" without the teachers putting those god awful red inked corrections all over my paper. Made my paper look Rubbish.
When I moved to America as a child It was very conflicting to adjust I couldn't even write "Mum" without the teachers putting those god awful red inked corrections all over my paper. Made my paper look Rubbish."It's proper English" should always have been your response.
i just change mine...even thou the way we spell things comes up wrong on word .
to us its COLOUR not color n etc
Well, I use British English, I like it. 
But we have lots of other "correct" forms of English, like Indian English as an example. 
So I get that British schools want British English while as Americans want American English.
On the other hand in other countries like European ones we can choose which we want because there's never been agreed on weather British English or American English should be the "default".
Well to be fair the Americans might change a few words to make them easier to spell, but a hell of a lot of people in England can't spell for shit. Maybe we should do a swap? Stupid people for a simpler version of English. If only. 

Aside from that. 

RULE BRITANNIA
Stereotypes exist for a reason. The american schooling system is renown to be one of the worst in the western world (colleges excluded) and almost all research and findings in non-scientific studies in the U.S are based on an outdated model which is ridiculed by the rest of the western world. It's not that americans are born stupid but I imagine it's a little tougher to grow up intelligent with those two factors in mind. 

Compare that to england, who practically wrote your bills of human rights and freedoms and is still one of the prominent hubs for sociological, theoretical and scientific studies in the world, do I even need to mention Stephen Hawking?

In comparison, england has a lot more on its 'smart' card than the U.S does, then mix this with the stereotypical american ego that you can't deny a lot of people have (if I hear america fuck yeah one more time I'm going to choke someone) then that makes these people seem even dumber. Now you have people with less to support cases for intelligence spouting how amazing they and their country are, it's only natural that the rest of the modern world (including england) give funny looks for it.

Don't even get me started on the warped views of history that many appear to be taught (I am assuming from school).

-----

As for the language, the language is english, not american. I understand america would like it's own version and that's all good and well, but the language is called 'english' and thus there is no basis for a single person to claim that the american version has the correct spellings. Either we accept both are allowed different spellings due to cultural differences and wanting to be differentiated OR you accept english as the true language and american english as a ripoff, those are the choices.

On that note though - there is no such thing as a british accent, the next time I hear someone from america fawn over a 'british' accent I'm just going to choke them. Even if you wish to claim it's the 'english' accent you like then I am going to give you strange looks for it. If an english person is speaking german then yes, an english accent will always apply, however saying that english accents are hot in general is like saying german accents are hot when they're speaking german. This makes absolutely no sense to me as it's the language, not an accent.

If you find the english language hot then fair enough, but calling it an accent when it's just a nationality speaking the language it invented is just peculiar. You fawn over an accent when it's one nationality speaking another language from a different nationality, you fawn over a language when you admire the sound of a language invented by said country. Specific geographic accents within a country differ, but I have never heard someone go 'oh you have such a wonderful mancunian accent'.
their own country is so hugeI think yes this is one of the major problems. The country is so huge that so many travel in the country as opposed to out of the country. While this is all good and well, it means they just aren't experiencing other cultures or ways of doing things. Everything out of the U.S dome just becomes 'weird' and 'odd'.
what the use of life if you can't do anything?..
why they r so many rules lol that is not life  
on this way it's bored stupid ugh and bleh..
that's not life so why do we live... ;s
it's just for nothing
we go all die --' 
now idk i just can say
live your life and try to make it kinda good..
but on this way i can't take it any longer --'
Life has so many rules, but sometimes they're meant to be broken. 

If it's parents rules, you only have a few more years. 

Then you will be on your own. Life will be in your hands.
but why --' 
life is weird --'
yeah lifes weird but lifes life, as Amii said rules where made to be broken.....and rules dont last forever
we're all gonna die sumtime...might as well do what we want n break rules
yea break rules but its easyer to say x
*Shakes head dissaprovingly* You don't like it? Try living in Yemen having no say, none, being married off at 9 years old to some 60 year old. Your only propose is to be a baby factory and house keeper in the house you share with the sister wives. Not leaving the house with an escort, not allowed to work or get an education... You take so much for granted. You are lucky life is only WEIRD. Atleast it isn't too tragic.

Yemen doesn't have the laws that protect people. There is a 14 year old Yemen girl sitting in a cell in her own fecal matter right now not getting medical attention for the wound in her knee crawling with maggots, because she got pregnaunt by her rapist but she is at fault and guilty for adultery? You don't like your life change places with her before she gets stoned to death please.
ikr and that's bad for them  *sigh*  
but nobody can helps them nyea u can help but how?? 
that sucks  
that hows life is --' it's weird o_O 
on that way i think that everybody's think why do ppl live xd 
i mean nobody want to live on that way right O_o 
it's weird and it sucks that ppl are so selfish and don't help other ppl O_o 
nvm 

*sigh*
ok, i've got a very serious question, that i want to know what you think....what's better...going insane and killing people or commiting suicide?
That's a tough one I guess if your suicide saved millions than that's the one to do
*sigh*, either way people die, either i commit suicide and about 5 people would die, or i go insane and kill 4-5 people
Are you going to kill people ?
I think you should try and gain control of your mind
Try not to do either =o).

-Gamzee
i do try, but i'm constantly have thoughts about killing my step dad, it's driving me insane and i cant just simply control my mind otherwise i wouldn't of posted this would i?
hmh. this is hard. Well if you decided to kill people would it just be your stepdad or others too?? and why do you want to kill, think about that really really hard and make sure it is one good ass reason. Killing yourself, well that i just hate. I wish people wouldn't just want to end their lives, i wish there could just be a easy fix. I do think you should not try to do either though, if you can get away from whoever you want to kill or whoever is making you feel like you want to commit suicide maybe that will make things better.
Murder isn't a great solution. Trust me.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
suicide isn't a great solution either you idiot.

@amber: well, i know it'll start of with him, but i dont know what will happen from there, i'm assuming after i kill him then everyone who pisses me off is going to get at least hurt.
Step dad pushed me out of the house last, told me to go find my real dad, but i dont know where he is. mum made me come back though.... well her and the fact i had no shoes and my phone was nearly dead
suicide isn't a great solution either you idiot. @amber: well, i know it'll start of with him, but i dont know what will happen from there, i'm assuming after i kill him then everyone who pisses me off is going to get at least hurt.Step dad pushed me out of the house last, told me to go find my real dad, but i dont know where he is. mum made me come back though.... well her and the fact i had no shoes and my phone was nearly deadSeriously. Whats with the bagging on me and shit? I don't like it. It's not cool.
you said murder isn't a good option, but you said nothing about suicide so in my head your telling me suicides better
well have you sat down with them (your mom and stepdad) and told them exactly how you feel. maybe if your stepdad is a big problem to you, you can get your mom to agree to let you stay somewhere else. so you can calm yourself, be you, and surround your self with better things. so this way everything can begin to get better.

i really hope things get better. i don't want you to hurt yourself or anyone.
i often think the same thing, although i'd never have the guts to commit suicide. i told my friends i think everyone should have the experience of murdering someone, only because i was mad that people kill animals all the time without thinking about their feelings. I'm not saying its a good thing to do becasue again,
i'd never do it.
I think you should talk to someone about your thought, either was pain would be caused through death. Commiting suicide shows you're giving up, the easy way out. Murdering would get you arrested, you'd be in jail for ages and the people who love your stepdad (your mum?) would be hurt and disapointed.
If you do, however, want to hurt people, then become one of those people who cut up people when they die. Inflicting imaginary pain without the killing. I have to say, that job does appeal to me 
if you need any help or have questions, message me
thank you that helps.
Neither of these are great ideas, I tell you that. I say if you're really that desperate, run away from home. Take some time to think about the problems in your life and how you might solve them. I've had... Similar issues, and this worked wonders on me. Good luck.
ok cool, there is one problem though

1. where do i go
2. what do i do
3. how would i get money
4. how would i survive
Neither are the right solution. Have you ever tried talking things out with your stepdad? Maybe he does those things for a reason. But killing people will only get you into huuuge trouble. If it didn't, I'd probably be dead. People don't like me much. Suicide is...just a terrible way to go. So try and work things out.

1. I suppose...you can't just hang at the park for the rest of your life. Staying home sucks. Friends parents aren't THAT sympathetic. The only thing I can think of is waiting it out until you can move out. Then you can do whatever the fuck you want.
2. While you're at home, tell your mom about your stepdad. If she doesn't care, thennnn...I'm assuming you still go to school, so there's counselors there. You can tell them about your life at home. Once you leave, try getting a job.
3. ...See above. Job. :3 Or you can rob someone, but...that's probably not a good idea.
4. Well, you'd need money, a house, and food. That's...pretty much all it takes.

This is probably lame-ass advice, but I'm thirteen.
hahahahahahahahahahahaha talk things out with my step dad pfft, yeah like thats ever going to happen

hmm, not sure i can wait, my mind will wait should i say

it's good advice though
Whut, does the son bitch stepdad not talk?

I have no idea how old you have to be to move out and like...rent an apartment or something. So if you can't wait, you might wanna Google that.

Huh. Thanks.
unless you count him yelling at me all the time talking then no

i'm fairly sure it's 18

your welcome
I'd wait 'till I'd turn 18 and just gtfo there, you know?
Losses of life are never good.
plus if u didnt anything lie killling ppl or your self we would all lose a great friend
ok cool, there is one problem though 1. where do i go2. what do i do3. how would i get money4. how would i survive1. You could ask for help from another relative or stay with a friend2. Hold out till your sixteen, then get an apartment3. Get a job or take some cash from your house before you leave4. I suggest taking self defense classes and maybe finding a homeless shelter
move out when u can move in wiv a freind or other family memeber whom u like
dude.. free your mind.. you need a break.
i think suicide cause i wouldnt hav to live with lifes crap
neither are a good option=/

do u have a good friend that you could hang with all the time and try to be home as least as possible untill u can move out. also try talking to some one that you trust and it might help plus it gives you a chance vent to somebody that cares. and if you dont have a good friend you can always pm me and we can talk.
Protip: Get the fuck off the internet. It actually helps with the insanity.
i have absolutely lost control of my mind and i feel the same way
but it isn't good to do either
This is personal, but it is important; why are you so angry at your step dad? If you tell us, maybe we can give you better advice.
don't do anything ;s
that's the best i guess
Oh it completely is a method of releasing pressure/stress and was one of the major reasons that bloodletting reached it's peak in the olden days, however it's (excluding fetish cases) not about why you cut, but what made you suddenly want to try it out. There's a long history of people finding relief in bloodletting or self harming to a degree, however the reason why someone will want to try it is the worrying part. Generically it's cases of depression and self worth that drive people to try this or cries for attention (copying others comes under this one).

So yes, it may be a way to release pressure (not mostly in young females, both genders do it but men are less open about such things 90% of the time) but, unlike drugs or drinking it is completely in your face the half way house of suicide. Most people don't enjoy the thought that drinking or drugs harms their body and may kill them, it's fairly easy to ignore it - self harming? The entire concept is to hurt your body... to want to actually hurt your body is in itself a fundamental concept of depression and not normal.
Wait it out and you'll probably get the right hand of cards, so to speak.  I dont get the whole self-harm thing, I believe it's very stupid and a waste of time.  Keep trying, keep on the things that make you neutral or happy is the trick to anything these days.  Seen plenty of people I know pull right out of it and turn their lives completely around for the better.
Ok, I want to ask you all a serious question. I want to know your honest input on it.So I've been Blood Painting for almost a year now (For those who don't know, Blood Painting is when you paint with blood instead of regular old paint) and I want to know, Is it weird that I might want to try painting with menstrual (period) blood?This question keeps bothering me. I don't hang out with my kind of crowd. I hang out with a bunch of conformists who never left my side, and they're my best friends. But the thing is, they don't get it!!!! They only get "What's so 2012" like all that pop and hip hop and shit. I tried asking them this question and they said "ew blood painting and period blood ewwww what the fuck?" and totally left me....they don't know what real art and literature, or anythig. THEY DON'T REALLY KNOW MUCH OF REAL ANYTHING. But they do give good advice at times. They loved me when I least deserved it, and so I give them the right to be grossed out at this topicI only have few who understand these things though....and I just want to know your opinion....
1. I never knew there is such thing as blood painting (I think it's cool and wierd at the same time)
2. Menstrual blood (bad idea and gross)
Dont paint with period blood thats gross. Stick with regular blood.
I say if you can get the menstrual blood out safely and cleanly then you can use it =) . Just with the blood problems don't try using to much blood at a short period of time or you could get sick and possibly faint. 

Should post some pictures of your artworks on the creative corner! I'm interested in seeing them xD !
im soo into vampires (im half vamp...or full btw) sooo painting with blood is OMG!!
ahhh period blood...dats creative in a way...kinda weird...but kinda kool
It puts you at risk for unwanted diseases. I don't think you should paint with any kind of blood. o.o
And plus, you couldn't hang it in a museum or anything, because it's a health risk.
wait what?
You are disgusting, seriously who does shit like that? or even asks...Where you expecting them to react in a different way? And blood painting? What the hell is that all about?  


period blood? i would imagine that period blood belongs either on a tampon or a pad, not a canvas.
You are disgusting, seriously who does shit like that? or even asks...Where you expecting them to react in a different way? And blood painting? What the hell is that all about?  Blood painting was here long before this post was made.Let's try not to judge people based on their tastes...._.
Blood painting not a problem with, anyone to their own. But the other  question, I think I'd react like her friends no offense. o.O
i have no intent to be rude...but made me throw up in my mind....
					
					

Um. Well, I've seen websites for it on Google... so.
Whatever floats your boat, I guess. I wouldn't personally do it.
You are disgusting, seriously who does shit like that? or even asks...Where you expecting them to react in a different way? And blood painting? What the hell is that all about?  this pissed me off .
I dont think you should use blood because im concerned about your health and i dont want u to get sick.But if its ur way of being creative,and u are safe with it,then go head.

But the menstral part,with all due respect,may be a little to far.
If you want to paint with menstrual go right ahead. It could even be better, you never know.
Well umm whatever floats your boat do it i guess. But gross
this pissed me off .Why does it piss you off? That person has a point.Should I be weirded out if OP started sacrificing chickens, singing satanic songs while drawing pentagrams around newborn babies, or what? I would think so.I mean, we live in a pretty civilized society. Why is life worth living if we're going to throw that civility away just to satisfy some primal urge to paint in blood? And menstrual blood? Really? Are you fucking kidding me?From your post, all I see is that you bitch about people that are your best friends who don't get why someone would want to paint in blood. Well, wake up call. You wouldn't have to run to the vast and diverse internet to hopefully find a few human beings on this planet who "understand" you if what you were doing actually turned out to be... sane. A little bit of introspection might help you here. Just ask yourself if you want your kids going all African Shaman and fingerpainting with their fucking period blood.Personally, I find it repulsive and indicative of some other underlying psychological issues and I suggest you seek professional help.You asked for our opinions. And from what I saw from the previous posts, it is indicative that the world's youth are regressing to the point of rain forest tribes people who have yet to  invent the wheel.
					
					

OK, to be honest this made me laugh... at first. But then i thought it is acually an exellent idea. Though the thought makes me feel sick to my stomach, it is art nonetheless. It would be a very interesting way of expressing yourself, so i can see where you are comming from. On the other hand, it is a little gross.
I say if you can get the menstrual blood out safely and cleanly then you can use it =) . Just with the blood problems don't try using to much blood at a short period of time or you could get sick and possibly faint.Should post some pictures of your artworks on the creative corner! I'm interested in seeing them xD !Me too! Post them if you do it! It is a very unique idea.
Me too! Post them if you do it! It is a very unique idea.Wat. Nigga, you nasty D:
Blood painting sounds cool, but I wouldn't use menstrual blood. That sounds really gross to me.
Any idiot can call anything "art" these days and claim the person that doesnt like it is simply "blinded", "stupid", etc.  Art is simply art; something that is positive and looks really good to the majority of society of which is made through a long process.

"Blood painting" is not, and will not, be considered a form of art by the masses nor will it be seen as something socially acceptable unless by another individual or group of individuals that seems to have a rather disturbed mind/mindeset/view on things. 

While some may claim it is "unique" the fact is nothing is unique anymore; everything has been done by someone before you, nothing is truly unique anymore.  Only an individual is unique as it is unlikely that any person in the world will have the same exact genetic code or a complete copy of your mind.  That is the only truly "unique" thing.

Anyone that does such a thing clearly has one or more problems in the head.
Life, I've come to notice, as nothing but a series of trial and pain. So as human beings, why do we live? Why is it that it seems like everyone else has motivation to live except for me? Am I just not seeing it? I'm looking around and seeing nothing but pain and agony among the people I know. I don't remember a time when I could turn on the news and not hear of death or rape. Everyday is just the same thing, another problem to solve, another choice that's going to kick me in the ass later. So what's the point? If there's nothing except pain?  Don't tell me there's more to life than that- if you do, back it up so I may actually consider your words.  I don't know why life is nothing to me, it just isn't. Even after near death experiences, I still can't enjoy it.
We live cause there's hope.
Guess that's just something I don't have
Life is a struggle towards death but the point is to try to find what makes u happy...I've tried and I found it.....u may suffer along the way but try not to lose hope
all too late
Everything I do will amount to nothing in the end
Sorry u had to live suffering... u don't deserve to... I deserve to...
"Everything I do will amount to nothing in the end" how do you know this? one person can change the world. how do you know that something you do wont?

"Life, I've come to notice, as nothing but a series of trial and pain." and happyness, love and hope from the strangest of places

"So as human beings, why do we live?" well nobody really knows tbh 

"Why is it that it seems like everyone else has motivation to live except for me? Am I just not seeing it?" no your not. you seem to just be looking at the bad things in life but not the good. 

"I'm looking around and seeing nothing but pain and agony among the people I know. I don't remember a time when I could turn on the news and not hear of death or rape." because thats what the news is. it isnt telling good things its telling you things that you might need to know. 

"Everyday is just the same thing, another problem to solve, another choice that's going to kick me in the ass later." its never the same. nothing happens the same way twice. and not every decision kicks you in the ass  i cant help feeling that youv over done that. 

"So what's the point? If there's nothing except pain?" but there isnt! there is happyness and love and so many more wonderfull emotions just waiting to burst out.  

"Don't tell me there's more to life than that- if you do, back it up so I may actually consider your words. I don't know why life is nothing to me, it just isn't. Even after near death experiences, I still can't enjoy it." i have backed it up (i think o.O) and you just need to find something you enjoy doing or someone you enjoy spending time with or just something that make you smile. 

yes a did just break it down and it took me 30mins cuz im on ps3. ik someone will disagree with everything iv said but i hope this has helped at least a little bit. if you want pm me and ill try to help in any way i can (: (also if i made no sence sorry)
Well I'm sorry I just have a hard time seeing the happy things, my bad with being a pessimist. I really appreciate you taking the time though. I'll pm you .
Duncan...are trying to become the oracle? xD
pfft the meaning of life is mad easy. Eat. Sleep. Play Paintball.
yes i am leah  even though idk what an oracle is O.o im still trying to be one xD
					
					

o.O I feel like he meaning of life is deeper than any of us really know.. sorry for asking :////
the point of life is to find your own personal reason for living. if you have a dream or a goal, grab onto it and never let it go, no matter what. that is the point of life
o.O I feel like he meaning of life is deeper than any of us really know.. sorry for asking :////It's not deep, you're just pessimistic (as you admitted yourself) and hence struggle to see it. Pessimism/depression is a pain, it changes your entire outlook on life and just ends up making you more and more pessimistic at every turn - right now you may see it as a set of trials and pain, but if/when you actually become happy you'll shed that viewpoint entirely and (hopefully) never go back.
It's not deep, you're just pessimistic (as you admitted yourself) and hence struggle to see it. Pessimism/depression is a pain, it changes your entire outlook on life and just ends up making you more and more pessimistic at every turn - right now you may see it as a set of trials and pain, but if/when you actually become happy you'll shed that viewpoint entirely and (hopefully) never go back.I'm not just pessimistic. I can have a happy outlook on life, until I get reminded that nothing is worth living. I mean, I get that I'm depressed and what not but even so, at least most depressed people I know can find some kind of motivation to get up in the morning. This morning something changed. My mom is probably kicking me out because, she told me she simply does not want me anymore and something in me snapped. I just don't care anymore. Fuck everything, I just want to sleep. I just want to forget everything, that my mom and bastard of a dad don't want me and that I really have no where to go and that everything is just falling to pieces and that I feel like I can't get control on these things. I don't care anymore. I'm sick of emotional pain dragging me down everyday. Life will never be worth living
iwas gonna add a reply to what she said ^^ BUT i'll leave it to u mommy snow. ur more civil ^__^ 

and duncan. lmao  hows do u not know what an oracle is?
					
					

I'm not just pessimistic. I can have a happy outlook on life, until I get reminded that nothing is worth living. I mean, I get that I'm depressed and what not but even so, at least most depressed people I know can find some kind of motivation to get up in the morning. This morning something changed. My mom is probably kicking me out because, she told me she simply does not want me anymore and something in me snapped. I just don't care anymore. Fuck everything, I just want to sleep. I just want to forget everything, that my mom and bastard of a dad don't want me and that I really have no where to go and that everything is just falling to pieces and that I feel like I can't get control on these things. I don't care anymore. I'm sick of emotional pain dragging me down everyday. Life will never be worth livingYou're simply proving my point. "until I get reminded that nothing is worth living". Determinism plays a huge role in these things - essentially the worse you think something will turn out, the more you will actually influence things and turn them bad, just by your own outlook. You're avidly speaking as if life being worthless is a fact, or that the answer is deep and meaningful... it isn't. You're entitled to your opinion, however you have to bear in mind that having this opinion is essentially screwing yourself over. You're convinced there's no hope and now just want to sleep, that's a perfect example of your outlook affecting how you act and making everything that little bit worse. Everyone has emotional pain, most people (especially on here) have had problems at home, problems at school, problems in all areas of their life and have pulled through, so can you... but it's almost as if you're waiting for someone to walk in and just fix things for you.... the one who can fix it is you, your outlook and what you do about it - rolling over and complaining is most definitely not going to solve it.
no i dont.... O.o
D: atleast tell meh u've seen The Matrix?
You're simply proving my point. "until I get reminded that nothing is worth living". Determinism plays a huge role in these things - essentially the worse you think something will turn out, the more you will actually influence things and turn them bad, just by your own outlook. You're avidly speaking as if life being worthless is a fact, or that the answer is deep and meaningful... it isn't. You're entitled to your opinion, however you have to bear in mind that having this opinion is essentially screwing yourself over. You're convinced there's no hope and now just want to sleep, that's a perfect example of your outlook affecting how you act and making everything that little bit worse. Everyone has emotional pain, most people (especially on here) have had problems at home, problems at school, problems in all areas of their life and have pulled through, so can you... but it's almost as if you're waiting for someone to walk in and just fix things for you.... the one who can fix it is you, your outlook and what you do about it - rolling over and complaining is most definitely not going to solve it.You know, I know you're just trying to help, however, you said the same thing I've been telling myself. I don't think ANYONE will fix my problems. Kinda pisses me off really, that you simply assume that I'm waiting for someone to fix my problems, no that's not it at all. I'm waiting for someone who can make the pain that I carry bearable. Yeah I know my choices are screwing me over, I know it better than anyone else, though you act like it's the easiest thing in the world, to suddenly change the way you think. To me, it will NEVER be that easy. It doesn't mean I'm not trying because from my prospective, that's what you're saying, that I'm simply complaining about my life and waiting for some magical change when I'm not. Yeah sure I'm getting by, I'm putting forth as much effort as I possibly can. I've already decided a way to work around my depression. I've gained a hunger for knowledge, everything, from learning new languages to studying the history of human violence recorded over the eons. Ugh.. to be continued...
I don't think ANYONE will fix my problems.... I'm waiting for someone who can make the pain that I carry bearable.you act like it's the easiest thing in the world, to suddenly change the way you think. To me, it will NEVER be that easy. It doesn't mean I'm not trying because from my prospective, that's what you're saying,The first first quoted part above is a direct contradiction. Nothing more to say on that except... you're again just proving what I say to be true.Of course I'm acting like it is easy, did you not read a single word of what I said on determinism? It works both ways. "To me, it will NEVER be that easy" - that very opinion is the reason WHY it will never be that easy... and me... knowing I can do it, knowing you can do it... is why it's so easy for me.On the one hand to act like this is a permanent rut, then you say you have decided on a way to solve depression? One that will mostly exclude you from the public and social interaction? I really don't think that's gonna help.
There is no universal point to life. The individual is solely responsible for giving his or her own life meaning and for living that life passionately and sincerely -- so says existentialism. But looking at it through a scientific view, the purpose of life is to copulate to help continue on the existence of your species. Though that isn't really a problem anymore because our population is about 7 billion or so.So, I'll stick with the existential side of what I am saying, that it is your own responsibility to decide what the purpose of your own life is. I'm assuming anyone who reads this here is too young to yet know what their point in life is, but this can be for future reference, I guess.
there is no point. you live to die.
The point of life; To learn from your mistakes and gain knowlege.
This is coming from someone who was in your situation.

My best advice would be to simply figure out what makes you happy and find you passions. Whether it lies in sports, music, friends, family...etc, you need to find that passion and stick with it.

In terms of all the bullshit in the world, I found that I would rather live for myself and the people I care about. If you manage do something awesome for the world than fucking huge props to you. But all you can truly do at the present moment is strive to make the lives of you and the people around you, better.

For me, I have found solace in music and friends. At the moment I have gained a purpose and goal in life by finding a passion in the sciences. Once you set goals for yourself you really start to straighten your life out. It is all a part of maturing. You will learn what you want in life and in people.
					
					

The point is whatever you make it. 

I'm fine living without a goal, I'm happy as long as I'm comfortable. 
Some people need something else. 
It's up to them to find it. 

We live because we love someone, like, friends, family, lovers. 
We live because the time spend with them is what makes life worth living. 

I actually love pain and agony, the sad things are so very beautiful to me. 

I don't know, I see no point in wasting what we have on this earth...
I fell for this guy and we talked for a year and a half and he just stopped talking to me and didnt tell me he didnt want to be with me anymore.... he was everything to me.... How do I get over him?
Time.
First it's very hard, you might cry a lot even, but in time you find and meet new people (or get to know close friends better) and you'll eventually fall for someone again.
You might miss your first love from time to time though, but let past be past, just remember the good time and learn to move on.
Thanks, my situation just sucks because he was my best friend and he didnt have the decency to tell me that he was done with it insted he led me on for a while and then stopped talking to me all together.
Ah, that's sucky, but it happens.
He probably didn't want to hurt you (but stupidly ended up making it worse that way)

but yeah, just try not to be too sad, but also remember that it's allright to cry.
Thanks for giving actual advice insted of just saying I was stupid and telling me that I should have known it was gonna happen. btdubs I love your picture.
Try to distract yourself for a while. Do something new or something you used to do just to get over him. It worked for me, so I hope it helped
As bad as it sounds, until you hit a realization point of what you want in life, people will be insanely confusing in terms of relationships. Sometimes it seems like they are running from you when they simply are just as confused as you are at the time. Still, people need to have communication for things to work. Usually you need to give the person time.

If you can't at least salvage the friendship the best thing to do is to go out and hang out with friends and meet new people. You will slowly realize how many more awesome people are out there.
Who agrees with me that the media should stop putting ONLY the PRETTY/HOT girls n guys on national television?
The media suxs n is making girls hate themselves even more (n guys as well)...
If we had normal average everyday people on our TVs we might not feel like crap n think we're ugly, fat n not good enough...
If we had NORMAL AVERAGE EVERYDAY people we might have less girls n guys who have low self esteem n maybee less cases of depression...
I think the media should change...
I hope people agree with me...
You change the world by changing yourself.
I agree with ya chelza!
I always tend to feel like shit every time i c pretty chicks on TV...urgh n how they always hav pretty chicks on it seems the world is full of dem...which makes me feel worse
well there are many 'everyday' people on tv.  Think the biggest loser, or just reality shows in general.
i mean more like advertisement...n music n clothing design...n stuffs...
or there shud b more reality tv shows that involve randoms...

its like with movies as well...u dnt c many normal ppl in it...hmmm
I agree with u 2 and i hate when ppl that r popular stick figures say that ther fat it drives me crazy
OMG i know...

idk how sum ppl hav such high self esteem as well... .
I agree so much on this!

All they want is freaking better ratings -.- . And all they do now is pump into everyones mind that everyone needs to be "hot" or "pretty" or "sexy" . It's really stupid!
I completely disagree. I'm not going to get into a rant over this but there are many positives for them doing this and the ratings/popularity of this coverage proves it is what people want also.

Also.. no.. it's far from stupid to pump into everyone's mind that they need to be 'hot', 'pretty' or 'sexy' in a population that has huge concerns regarding obesity.
I'm not trying to sound like a shallow b*tch, but if you're complaining about the media making girls feel crappy about themselves, they should be used to it. Media manipulation has been an epidemic in this country (the United States) since World War Two. There's no need to ramble about what you've been exposed to your entire life...

Like it or not, your entire life is influenced by trends and fashions because of the media. Whether it's being super skinny, super attractive or whatever.
If people don't like it, they could always resort to wearing potato sacks to combat upcoming fashion trends...
I think people shouldn't let things like this get to them. I personally am not affected at all by the media using pretty people, because I have enough self-esteem that I just don't give a damn. I think others should too.
i agree
I agree so much on this!All they want is freaking better ratings -.- . And all they do now is pump into everyones mind that everyone needs to be "hot" or "pretty" or "sexy" . It's really stupid!That's the thing. Industries use hot people for the ratings. Otherwise, not as many people would watch/buy/whatever. It sucks, but that's how life is.
I always tend to feel like shit every time i c pretty chicks on TV...urgh n how they always hav pretty chicks on it seems the world is full of dem...which makes me feel worse the world is an ulgy place
Totally agree.

It makes kids think I wish i looked like them so i was good enough to do that sort of thing.

truthfully everyone is perfect in their own way (: Just think that you are origional. Most people who do that stuff put loads of makeup on and get surgery to make things look better.
i also agree because most of the stuff we see have been edited to look like the have perfectly clear and tan skin and stuff like that
agree...
Just a question to anyone still reading this, what do you think the media should show? I.e can you post a picture of the kind of woman you would approve of being on the front page of a magazine etc... as opposed to the current models. I'm just interested in an actual example of what people here would prefer to see.
normal people who havnt been through plastic surgery, people who havnt had a 3 hr makeup n hair session before they go on TV...just ordinary day to day people
normal people who havnt been through plastic surgery, people who havnt had a 3 hr makeup n hair session before they go on TV...just ordinary day to day peopleLink a picture, lol  that's what I asked, not a definition xD


There's a huge difference between manipulation and suggestion for the media.  If you want to look great, you're shown great looking people that typically owuld want to insprie you to look "hot" or "sexy" by perhaps not having that ice cream or junk food so much, or even not having it at all.Media manipulation on the other hand, as per certain news channels; being controlled by a certain party means they leave out anything incriminating of their party or edit things to make it look like the opposing party is stupid, idiotic, or as if they're attacking/insulting people jsut to try to get more ratings and viewers to ignore the opposing side thus to "only come to us for your information".  THAT, is media manipulation.  Media Manipulation is just a bunch of sore-loser children that want to bully the other side into submission or to control them.I think they should keep good looking people on tv, magazing covers, etc.  Why?  It gives a standard to be fit and healthy, not so much "hot" and "sexy", it's simply putting into your mind that "if you want to be attractive like me, stay fit, eat right".  As for the rest of it, yes, they are presumed to be showing certain "qualities" or rather features of each gender to make it the standard, which is what society typically likes anyway, so you're just going for what you like.
I always tend to feel like shit every time i c pretty chicks on TV...urgh n how they always hav pretty chicks on it seems the world is full of dem...which makes me feel worse I know how you feel so I agree with yu
I certainly hate those magzines that tell you what a confident capable women you are and yet they want to give you tips on how to keep a man... what is this fuckery?
I certainly hate those magzines that tell you what a confident capable women you are and yet they want to give you tips on how to keep a man... what is this fuckery?Dont you love the ones that say how you can "change a man"?  lol.  Such a joke those are, a person will be who they are, if they're bad; dump them.
People should care less what the media is putting on TV and learn to be themselves. It isn't who they are putting on there but rather the message the mass population portrays.  That plus the fact that everyone seems to be a total dick these days.
i'm am for glbtq right...rights in general. i'm not seeing the fight here! nobody's being hurt but them. is equal rights and happiness no longer allowed?! live and let live. what's your opinion?
					
					

Love is love. Love is not gender.
awesome...thanks for the answer.
i go for gay rights
It's legal for same sex couples to get married where I live (:
You need to be careful about throwing around the term "rights." Marriage in the country is a privilege, and that is an important distinction to make. You do not have to ask to exercise a Right. You do have to ask to exercise a privilege. You have a Right to eat. You do not have a Right to eat my food. You have to barter (free market) or I can give it to you (charity). A Right cannot violate the Rights of another. My food is my property. When I give it to you or you buy it from me it becomes your property. Otherwise, if you take it, you violate my Right to property."We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,"- U.S. Declaration of Independence."The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people."
^ Actually the Bible says nothing about gay couples getting married, only that men should not lie with men as they do with women (: 
Because females were seen as objects back then, and a man "owned" her, first her father owns her, then her husband after marriage. 

Then again I'm not Christian and think I wouldn't want that kind of religion since it does not approve of me for my natural self.
i was doing an essay on gay marriage n i found out that there was a saint that was gay
					
					

In Greek mythology love between two men was seen as purer than love between a man and a woman though.
But they had to take wifes because the purpose was to have children, though in war men often slept with each other. 

To me, being against same sex marriage is sort of like objectifying women like was done before. 
But it's all personal opinions, and I mean, I'm most for "marriage" that isn't religious, because religion often has certain sets of values and rules.
In Greek mythology love between two men was seen as purer than love between a man and a woman though.But they had to take wifes because the purpose was to have children, though in war men often slept with each other.To me, being against same sex marriage is sort of like objectifying women like was done before.But it's all personal opinions, and I mean, I'm most for "marriage" that isn't religious, because religion often has certain sets of values and rules.That's cool. Then you should be fine with a civil partnership (that's already legal).
					
					

I'm all for gays and everyone doing whatever they want to, i mean i belive in god and i go to church but i love gay people, my ex bf is bi and we're still friends. I think what we do (as long as it is legal) is none of the goverments bussiness, and whats more is that people should not hate others for what they do. I think that u can dislike what that person does but not that person (unless the person is a entire jackass who is mean to all). And the years have changed, it said in the bible that we couldn't eat pork (and that was becasue the pigs carried deiseases from eating infected corpes that would lye in the street at night) but now we eat it, and it also said we couldn't weat 2 diffrent colors (....do i even have to say it?). So i think that god dosen't really hate gay people like most belive, i think that god loves all people as long as u belive in him....thats just what i thik _
seriously meowmix?!?!?! i wasn't trying to offend you in any kind of way. the faggot comment was not needed. if there is a problem between us let me know, pm me because i really want to know:(
I agree with civil partnerships and think gay couples should get the same rights as straight couples, however the term marriage is religious and honestly nobody, ever, has claimed that the public has a right to change religion to suit their tastes. I'm not religious, but honestly when you start referring to gay couples as a marriage I do feel you're insulting the religion to some extent, not that I care about that but it's hard not to acknowledge it.
im all up for same sex marriages, love knows no boundaries. and if i was a girl i'd definatly be Lesbian
The idiocy of the very topic always amazes me.  The thing is that people want to re-define Marriage, which is in the Religion category.  You can't keep trying to force religion to do this or that.

If you want something social, feel you "deserve" or "have the right to" marriage in this particular scenario; then complain about it not being a social thing, ie, not marriage but a civil union, problem solved.

People are just trying to control and push away religion these days, and people are finally realizing that there is such thing as going too far or trying to control too much.

So yes, it is a fight and it is a big problem.  If it was a civil union for gay people then whatever, point is they have to stay out of religion and stop stupidly demanding things of which they know nothing about, otherwise there would be civil unions solely for the gay "community".

That's another thing, if you have to be your own community then you're trying to get more than the community of the country in which you reside in, which is a massive community.  You want more attention, you want to feel special, you want to feel normal, you want to be accepted by those with like-minds or a like-scenario.  Sorry, that doesn't really fly, that's what groups are for and groups usually stick around in a small geographical location.
					
					

Youball probably have a different idea of what this is about, and you should. We all think of different things when we hear that. And most of the time it isn't positive. I have just had a terrible experience at home with the family where I was told by one of my family members that they didn't want to see my face until a certain date. And I never thought it would hurt so much. I know other people have heard this in different situations and I want you all to know that its okay. No matter what anyone says there is always someone who will miss your face, if you don't know anyone then I will be here to miss you
To be honest i'm a little scared to say this, but i need to talk to someone about it. I'm just realy scared about what people will say or think about it...	 I'm a serious masochist in more ways then one. The reason why its so hard for me to say this is because i feel disgusting when i think about it. Is it gross? I'm already "Damaged" or "Dysfunctional" enough (or so my parents say), and this is just the icing on the cake. I want someone to love me in the future, but i feel like a monster...
Honestly, I can't pass judgement without a bit more definition to the scope. Are we talking you like smacking? Or plunging some scissors into his arm?  Like I said, some definition would be handy.
I think you are thinking of sadism. Im a masochist wich means i like pain. I'm somewhere in between (BDSM is my preferance...). Though i dont like blood, i dont know how far i would go if someone else were doing it to me. Thats what scares me....
					
					

im sorry=(
There's nothing really that wrong with taking pleasure in pain, Lot's of people share the same fetish. It's taboo, for sure, and some people take it further than others, but as long as it makes you happy and isn't causing harm to anyone else I don't see anything wrong with it.
Nothing wrong with it. 
Masochist like pain in a sexual manner often, and by that definition I'd be one as well. 
I seriously love bruises and bite-marks on my skin, and I'm all for making them as well. 
People who like this are often "damaged" though, but again, it's not a bad thing in the end as long as the pain isn't "near death", like having a chocking fetish etc.
Wow that sucks, my school doesn't do that and how can they say wrist bands influence self harm did they do studies on that
My school has strict uniform policies it really sux but yeah we cant wear any jewelery and we cant wear wristbands
my school is straight-up religious it even has a church in front of it. they say that pukas and cards r from the devil, they r always telling me 2 take off my black nail polish and wrist bands but i wear anyway cause i think it's exxageraion of the mental retardation old people.... yeah u should just go with the flow, i mean the bible doesn't say that wrist bands and the color black is against his will, heck! black isn't even a color!
we not allowed to wear any kind of jewelry unless its a cross or earring that are a certain size... it shucks and the only wrist bands we are allowed to wear are the ones we get from the fire brigade when they come for talks or if we buy friendship braclets to raise money but we are only allowed to wear them on the day we get them otherwise we not allowed
id love to be able to wear wrist bands at skool....to me i think its a type of fashion, not influences people to do self harm. thats stupid...
yeah that just plain fucked up. some wrist bands actually support things. like i have a against animal abuse and breast cancer even for bullying. so those people are just full o it because wrist band dont not cause that. that plain idiotic
What the actual fuck?!

The people that think that are freaking stupid and pathetic and AHHHHHH *rages* .

Suicide cult? I guess theres no way you can avoid not wearing in such a narrow minded moronic environment at your school.. Just put them straight on after you finish school and wear them with pride when you're done =) .
Wow -.-

My school must be based from cults then.

Literally, EVERYONE wears bracelets, or at least something on their wrists.

I wear bracelets, gauntlets and bandanas, but not one teacher has accused me of being in a suicide cult.

I swear, people -.-
The school I go to is pathetic. They saw me with a wristband on and put me into isolation for wearing it. also they called me satanic for disagreeing with a certain religion in religious studies. ;L
Exactly my point our teachers are saying they are open minded and supposedly trying to support people being different when  they are no different to bullies themselves !
we can wear them as long as they aren't that breast cancer ones becuase they banned them
ya but they just tell us to turn them inside out or they will take them
Nope. Some of the teachers even wear them XD
This happens a fair bit in the US I hear. Not to sound too stuck up but that's what you get for using flawed systems of audience research - silly assumption and conclusions which establishments blindly trust and crack down because of.
Do you believe a person can change over night? Not just change a little bit either i'm talking like everything, like completely change themselves. I know someone that has and it doesn't seem right. Is it even possible?
post your opinion.
I guess Its possible to change over night completely.
I once had a friend who changed over night
It doesnt seem right. Like i feel like they rnt even my friend anymore. I was so close to him too he was like a brother and now i dont know what to think
no its not possible to change over night. because if someone changes that fast then they are obviously fake (in whatever way  they change) Change is something that happens over time not over night.
Depends, sometimes the person they were before was the fake like a mask or something and then they drop it. It can happen and does all too often
What do i do? I feel lost with out him but hes not him i dont get it
um, if a big thing happened before, like an epiphany resulting from some serious incident, then perhaps... but it seems unlikely...
what do i do about it?
yeah it is cause one day i decided i wasnt being who i wanted 2 b and changed into a completely different person over night
I changed rather quickly myself. I was always this super happy smiling nerdy kid. The as I kinda wanted to know what real "emo" was I was drawn to it. I soon realized the the happy preppy kid was my line of defense, or mask, from the outside. I dropped the mask in about two weeks. I feel a lot better now. I'm able to show me and it's a big relief. But with your friend, I'm not sure if change can be that fast without being odd. What to do? Ask him about it. That's what all of my friends did for me. That seemed to work for them, and it didn't really bother me much.
I was able to change, but not literally overnight. I used to self-loathe myself a lot because I kept hiding who I really was, I felt like I was trying hard, but then I couldn't handle the pressure so I just became myself..
i think it all depends on what happened to them. If something really bad happened to them to make them act differently n change i think it is possible
ya it can happened over night
HIV positive man from  assaults minorBy Webmin on June 14, 2012 3:36 PM A 38-year-old man - who is said to be HIV positive - from Nannyville Gardens, Kingston 3, is now in police custody after being charged for raping the 16-year-old school friend of his daughter.Reports are that the man is alleged to have assaulted the teen while she was at a sleepover at his house with his daughter in May of this year.The girl later reported that while she was sleeping, she felt someone sexually assaulting her. She woke up and saw her friend's father on top of her, police said. He had bound her hands and feet.I watched the news about this article,it was very sad,so the victim was a 16 year old girl.and the suspect was a close friend of both her and the entire family.the background story from the incident is that the victim was celebrating her 16 birthday the night,and had went out with her friend,the suspects daughter,the suspect/man pick them up and based on the relationship between him and the parents the victim was to stay at his house for the night(sleepover with his daughter) anyway has ill faith has it while sleeping he bounded her legs and arms and raped her in her sleep. she was injured severely  at her privates as she was still a virgin .Not only was this poor girl traumatized from the rape she was yet again greeted with much worst news,news that her attacker was an AIDS victim
OMFG if I were her I don't know what I'd do. First rape, and you get injured, and she was a virgin(you know what), and she's gonna get firetrucking AIDS!!! Ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
Why are people so cruel?!?!!!???
WTF?! WHO DOES THAT? Thats horrible and heartless innocence stolen. And practically a life Taken before it could start. Im extremely sorry for her. I am just...speechless now....
i feel like im being labeled by people calling me "emo"~it might be true but that dont mean you gtta be called it
i cnt fully explain wat i mean but its like being placed in a different group; like we are segregated; like putting all the blacks in one group and the whites in teh other one; seperated...
yep know how ya feel..... i think its wrong to sterotype people.... there shouldnt be categorys we are not food .
i agree with purple witch and dont let people like that get u down. take it as a complement and walk away
Everything about you is a label. Your name, your username, any words you would use to describe yourself or anything else. You chose to be part of this teenage clique, maybe not fully aware of what you were getting into or really doing, but it was your choice. Everything about your life is about you, not other people. Many go throughout life thinking "They should't do that" "They shouldn't do this" "You shouldn't say that", always telling others what they should and should not do, hardly ever just governing themselves. Its your choice to be the way you are, there is no stopping others from doing what they will. So it's up to you to either accept whatever criticisms they may throw at you, or change yourself.
Okay so I'm being "cyber bullied" by a stuck up girl at my school.I dyed my hair and she took a picture of it and posted it on fb.My friend to her it was wrond but it doesnt matter.I feel so crappy.I wish I could just die and get it over with because sadly no matter how much I say "idc" I do because literally hundreds of people saw it.I've felt like I wanted die before but i've been bullied before and I can't take it anymore.I don't what to do anymore.I just want become invisable.
sorry i spelled. so many things wrong i cant concentrate
being bullied isn't right.... I promise talking to an adlut will help the girl will say that you can't be trusted and BS like that becuase you went to grown ups but your true friends will stay with you no matter what!!!! SO please talk to someone you trust who is over 21 years old they will be able to help.
take a pic of her and screw it up so it looks bad. then youre even.
o_o what the freak???

youre pissed off because someone took a picture of you with different hair??? How does that work?
Honestly, people took a picture of me with awesome looking hair and put it on facebook. Everyone said it was ugly, but I thought it was beast. I'm not trying to sound mean at all, but knowing the same thing happened to me, I can say this. First off, you've gotta stop caring so much about what people are going to say about you. They're sh*ttalking constantly, whether you're listening or not. If you're walking around with abnormal hair, be prepared to get teased. (No pun intended, HA. o.o I'm lame.)Yeah, i know, they could've taken the most unflattering picture of you and made you look like Shrek. But if you're not comfortable with how you look all the time, you should change your appearance to where you do like it. You don't have to be ashamed of the way you look.But if you actually do like how you dress, well keep wearing it and screw anyone's opinion about it.And you should probably just stay off of facebook for a bit or something if you're that embarrassed....I don't see why you are embarrassed though.
I would temporarily deactivate your facebook till people cool down, but that's just me.
Easy way to just solve this problem is just to block her and any other scum that have been harassing you on facebook =) . Easy and done.
That way you wont hear or know anything about them and their pathetic deeds.
Also just try to train your self just to ignore any shit they give you, as soon as you think of something connected to them switch your mind to something completely different and unrelated!
dont worry about it. dont give her the satisfaction. it just a picture. dont go low to her pathic level either because it will encourge her more. just ignore and dont care about it. she'll leave you alone. if she doesnt then tell someone. also do what tatter said. block her and the other people so you dont have to see any of it.
i could help you....if i lived in south carolina..helped alot of people before...they never got bullied again when i was done with the offender..
Ignore them. Or get them back. That's what I do when people talk bs about me. And you really shouldn't care about their feelings. They don't matter. Trust me.
Well to be truthful i've been bullied like you have and it does hurt but if she took the time to take a pic of you then something is wrong WITH HER and NOT YOU. Take it as her being as you said stuck up and i know you cant just ignore it but you cant stoop to her level either you got friends and you got people who care. Let them help you if you really cant take it.
Try talking to someone you trust and can do something about it(:
i've been bullied my whole life and i know how you feel next time she does it confront her
okay so an EX friend of mine took my phone and texted my bf saying i was pregnant-____- had a whole damn convo and everything and then she had my phone for another four days then my bf's dad found the texts and now everyone is mad and confused and idk how to fix it.... help please advice anything?
Pregnancy test. Lock on phone.
so true.
thanks.
that was easy lol
my life sucks my familys poor i cant dye my hair get piercings wear bikinis or wear makeup straighten my hair or have any freedom at all wat should i do
					
					

.....spare a thought for the starving childrens in Africa.
Hahaha word up compadre ^ No but legit, get a job or so. Complaining that your fam is poor is stupid. I don't know your family, and I don't have any right to judge, but they're probably woking their assess off to get money on the table. Appreciate what you have.
					
					

my dad doesnt work hes on disability and my stepmom cant work and i cant get a job because im 14 my dad says we dont hav enough money to buy new clothes in the middle of the school year but they spend money on cigarettes and whiskey all the time if they can afford that stuff y cant they afford wat i want
					
					

You know, my relatively large family moved out of our nice house last week to live in an apartment. In a few months I am moving again to live alone in a one room apartment. Also I uploaded a picture to Facebook last week of literally everything I own except the clothes I was wearing and the phone, all in a few boxes in the corner of my room. I do not mean to sound too mean, but people like you, wolfblood, caused the last economic collapse. You want so much. Your mentality caused the US government to force banks to make bad loans to people who were trying to buy more than they needed.

Point is, it is a retarded mentality. You complain about not having money... But if you did you have already listed the things you would waste it on, which is what your family has done to EARN being poor. I'm sorry you can't fucking dye your hair, get piercings or buy a bikini. Christ I am sick of people like that. 

By your standards I should be freaking out. I get new clothes once a year. Literally everything on my wardrobe comes through gifts. I do not have enough outfits to last a week if my washing machine stopped working. But I have never complained about wabting material things. I have watched my alcoholic stepdad destroy our family's savings. Our financial status has dropped like a rock, but you know what? We don't waste what we have. And we don't worry about getting fucking hair dye, piercings, or bikinis.

Gtfo.
You can't always get what you want. I don't know how old you are, but if you grew up thinking you could get everything on a whim, at the drop of a hat, you're in for a surprise once you get older. Life isn't all sunshine and lollipops, there are worse ways you could 'have no freedom'. Trust me, you have all the freedom you need.
dudes. You're not really helping. and most of you sound like my dad- which is a bad thing. don't bitch at wolf, try to actually help. so...yeah.
~wolfblood~ look I really don't know what to say. I mean, i wish i didn't have all the crap i have. I only have it because my parents forced it on me. But i have been in your situation before, when i was a kid. and i got through without that much by making the best out of what i had. I hate my parents with a passion, but the best thing they ever did for me....was give me a box. THOSE THINGS ARE FUN. O.o anyway.....yeah. Find what you want in something simple, i guess.
 OKAAAAAAAAAY...bye ^-^
thks thats really great advice im mean i guess i should just enjoy the little things
dudes. You're not really helping. and most of you sound like my dad- which is a bad thing. don't bitch at wolf, try to actually help. so...yeah.~wolfblood~ look I really don't know what to say. I mean, i wish i didn't have all the crap i have. I only have it because my parents forced it on me. But i have been in your situation before, when i was a kid. and i got through without that much by making the best out of what i had. I hate my parents with a passion, but the best thing they ever did for me....was give me a box. THOSE THINGS ARE FUN. O.o anyway.....yeah. Find what you want in something simple, i guess.OKAAAAAAAAAY...bye ^-^ thks thats really great advice i guess i could just take it one step at a time into getting my freedom
my dad doesnt work hes on disability and my stepmom cant work and i cant get a job because im 14 my dad says we dont hav enough money to buy new clothes in the middle of the school year but they spend money on cigarettes and whiskey all the time if they can afford that stuff y cant they afford wat i want0.0 i have the same situation but my stepdads on dissability and my mom doesnt work
dudes. You're not really helping. and most of you sound like my dad- which is a bad thing. don't bitch at wolf, try to actually help. so...yeah.~wolfblood~ look I really don't know what to say. I mean, i wish i didn't have all the crap i have. I only have it because my parents forced it on me. But i have been in your situation before, when i was a kid. and i got through without that much by making the best out of what i had. I hate my parents with a passion, but the best thing they ever did for me....was give me a box. THOSE THINGS ARE FUN. O.o anyway.....yeah. Find what you want in something simple, i guess.OKAAAAAAAAAY...bye ^-^I don't know your father, but what's wrong with sounding like a mature human being?
I don't know your father, but what's wrong with sounding like a mature human being?the fact that this paticular "mature human bieng" enjoys hitting his kids :lthks thats really great advice i guess i could just take it one step at a time into getting my freedomno prob ^^
the fact that this paticular "mature human bieng" enjoys hitting his kids :lOkay, that wasn't my point.What's wrong with being mature? Jesus christ kid, you can't get all the petty little things you want in life, that's just the way shit happens. You can either accept it or grow up with these ideas, and be quite disillusioned later.
Okay. I'm gonna rant here a bit about my childhood. Something I never do.My dad and I lived in a hotel for 6 weeks during the summer after I got out of 5th grade. My ex-step mother drained all my dad's money and kicked us out. I know what it's like to literally leave with just the clothes on your back. We didn't stay in the best place either. We ended up living 5 miles away from Atlanta. I went to work with my dad every day because he didn't want me staying at the hotel by myself. We lived off of tv dinners and anything like that that could get us by. His work helped us out, fed us and such, just until we had enough to make it on our own. He sold cars, got paid by however many he sold. If he had a bad month, we got next to nothing.Long story short, we managed. He's disabled and I live with my grandparents now. I received income from the government because my dad was disabled until this last month. Now I get to go to college with no job and hardly any money to get me by. I don't buy much. I've learned to save my money. When I get a job, I'm still going to save my money. That way I have more when I need it for stuff such as hair dye or piercings, etc. [/rant]
thats not my point im not allowed to dye my hair, straighten my hair, have a facebook , wear makeup , i cant wear socks with colors im 14 for crying out loud jesus its not that im being immature my parents r PHYSCO FREAKS
					
					

You can't wear socks with colors on them...? Wtf?
Gimme some of what your parents are smoking. xD
lol but they seriously dont let me do shit
do what you want behind they back
help the family by getting a job...i guess
try talking to your parents and maybe get a job
i decided i couldnt take feeling so depressed and empty anymore so i took a pair of sisscors and cut my wrist but after i did i realized i had hit and artery and had 30 sec to make a decision a die or live and i didnt know till then that i wasnt ready to dieand stopped the bleeding  but i still wont stop cutting wat if i cut to deep i dont know wat do anymore
I agree with the over all feeling of wanting to die until you are faced with the decision...What are you as a human suppose to do when you feel so empty? Some people are born wanting to share their lives with someone else and a lot of those people will never know what it means to truly have love or know friendship. Those people are ultimatly faced with the choice to just end it all or watch everyone live happy lives with the person they love. and whether you watch those people with a sort of envy/hate because they have what you want or you accept the reality of the situation and live the life you want. either keep looking for love or live with your thoughts and your imagination. I will say one thing in my experience I have been "in love" with some one that doesnt feel the same way it hurts it sucks. Nothing else in the world could hurt you as bad as the way they have. I got to the point where i actually liked the feeling of being hurt. sometimes it feels great. I have moved on from back then. now i am engaged fell in love with someone and now....I am not wanting commit. I am afraid of loosing myself in the mundane life that everyone else has have a family raise kids and such... what happen to the feeling of wanting to make a difference or the deep thinking and imagination? I have found out what things i have to give up in order to "love" someone and i have to say i hate it. I would rather live alone forever than live like this....i dont know if this helps at all or if it is even on topic at all for that i apologize. I just thought in some way this might help. I have been in the same situation though depressed as hell everything in life sucked i hated everyone cause most people i know are idiots...now i have not had any like really just bad days in like 5 years all because of 2 words Fuck it. Im mean it if you have problems if something is getting you down just say fuck it and actually know what you are saying fuck it to and it might work for ya. Somethings in life are not worth getting to depressed about. bills no money no friends shitty car? fuck it. none of those things matter anyway. find things that matter to you and stick to them. life is to short to work for a living. you live you work you die by the rules of the world and it shouldnt be like that i am a fan of chaos. if you step out of what is comfortable and into the unknown you can truly experience life my friend.
just be careful where u r cutting your self and dont press down hard when your cutting your self. if you can try and stop cutting yourself.
A Moment of Reflection

Where Bubba Grew Up, Kept his tobacco chewed up,
And when they used to hang ropes, they always kep two up,
Had crosses burnin all night like the church blew up,
And if you didnt look like them, they would fuck you up.Time passed, and Bubba turned 40 years old,
And all them Jack Daniels started taking a toll,
Seem like Bubba was about to make a final bow,
None of his friends from the clan couldnt help him now.
Family gathered at his bedside, ready to sing the blues,
When the doctor rushed in and said "Ive got some news!!!"
"The good news is, Bubba, Ive found you a liver, only bad news is, it belongs to a Nigger"
Do you still care, about the texture of his hair or the cocoa brown colour of his skin,
Do you still care, do you still give a damn now you're in the predicament you're in,
Do you still care, does it still mean a lot now,
You're the one who's needin the help,
Do you still care, do you still find it hard to love your neighbour as you love yourself now,
Tell me why cant you accept me as I am,
Just as I am now
                                                   ________ Tanya Stephens

Sometimes we all are quick to jump and make accusations,
judge,punish, discriminate and fail to forgive others but, when we are in a dilemma we want people to not judge us,we don't want to be punished,we seek sympathy and empathy from others,get upset when we don't but when its someone else,we don't sympathize or empathize,we dont even take the time out to try to understand someone else problem what we do instead is turn or backs and criticize .
               And i guess some off us have to be in a predicament to understand how it feels when every thing around is going wrong.so today do less judging and criticizing and try to help and listen to others for a change, cause their will be a time that you too will need someone to be their for you
that is very true:)
ok so I already posted a thread about this, but I'm in love w/ a guy, and he doesn't like me back. the other thread was more 4 advice, right now all I want is someone 2 talk 2. If u know what I'm going thru or anything feel free to talk 2 me.
feel free to message me. I'm going through the same thing. Your not alone.
Don't feel bad that was me like 4 months ago you can message me if ya want. =)
Just be his friend and make your self look pretty when your near him. Then start touching him. Have you told him that you like him?? If you have then that would be pretty awkword.
thats happened to me soo many times .
Oh yea... my dad sent me that.  was so sad when i read that... and offended too.
I think it's ridiculous how dogmatic some religious people are. Of course, when you live in a theocracy, what do you expect.
Satanism? since when was Iraq so christian? 

Anywho... not read this  before, interesting and sad... though I'd theorise it's more that it's a western style which is seen as 'new', a little dark and 'unknown' and less about actual emo'ness... I wonder if goth has/will ever get similar attention or whether they can even make the distinction (many people seem unable to even over here).
That is true, Snow. Frankly, I suppose the skull imagery/dark imagery is construed as satanic. Of course, this is likely due to other places in the world adopting Western trends and over-doing them. Greatly over-doing them. If you read the descriptions.
this is really fucked up man...next pple wpnt be aloud to wear black...
that suck.... and its horrable (glad to be in the US)
Ditto, I suppose.
this is horrible!! we are people too!!! this is just not right!
yep   :L
I showed my class mates this article, they burst out in laughter just after seeing the title. Who does that. v_v
					
					

This is absolutely disgusting.
First those emo wars down in Mexico and now this?
this article was so disturbing, 

Apart from the fact that those teens seemed to be over doing the whole emo thing,and were probably more gothic,
i think the people in the country are extremely prejudice and highly judgmental.
I don't see whats so wrong with, persons expressing a certain type of life style,or being apart of something that makes them happy

that country needs to  be sorted  out, and some of those religious leaders/followers should take a rain check their so quick to say that emo
is satanic and sinful, and  the last time i check judging and bringing  harm to others was also a sin  .
the way that they stone people there is even more disturbing
they dig them in a hole so that they cant move their arms or anything...
my grandma thinks i worship the devil....but wow. that is just fucked up. people are too closed minded
I showed my class mates this article, they burst out in laughter just after seeing the title. Who does that. v_vin 5 words?:absoloute sadistic and sick nobheads.
Oh my GOD! This is the first I've heard of it

That makes me want to cry, tht people would do that
I wonder what those dead teens parents thought about their child's death. This was stupid.
Can you all really say you're surprised? The country and ideology are both flawed and I'd say it's about time we go the hell out of there.
					
					

Ayeeeee love isn't easy! It's part of life challenge :3 don't quit in love :3
o_o ihonestly believe love ish best left alone for FairyTales...
Love should be left for when where much older. Where all still young and none of us knows what real love is. I say never mind about boy friends and girl friends and all that crap. Focus on your dreams ! Get them established and wait till you start worrying about it!
But every little girl dreams of getting married with mr.prince charming. i believe love is infinate and must be shared
I believe that love should be reserved for later where you have matured and know what you want for yourself instead of barreling into something brief and unfullfilling.
love is something everyone must look for
I think that there are many different types of love...
Family Love
Friendship Love
Young Love
Mature Love

A lot of people think that love is when you are for when you are older....well, thats not neccessarily true....I mean..lots of teenagers fall in love, it may not be like the real deal 100% true and such, but its still a type of love nonetheless.....Most teenagers believe they fall in love and some of them kinda do...especially if they marry their high school sweetheart and they stay with them.. (:

And of course you love your friends and your family.....without them you would probably be lonely and depressed and you can't stand it when they are hurt or in trouble , so therefore you love them...

then there is mature love, the stuff you dream about when you are little, about sitting on a front porch with your husband surrounded by grandchildren all happy and loving life (:  

Love doesn't happen at a certain age, nor is it expected..love happens and you just have to trust yourself with things...

YOu may think that what I sya is annoying or weird or whatever.but this is what I believe about love ^-^
Love can happen at anytime.  Generally not when youre young, but it doesnt mean it cant happen.  Its the only true thing youll ever have in your life if its real.  Keep wishing :] 
But then why does it hurt so much to love and be loved?
Well they say " love has nothing to to with age,race nor status,it knows no boundaries and makes people bind, deaf and dumb"
its one of the greatest joys of life but causes the most pain
honestly,the whole aspect of "love" is pretty deep, and i think it should be left alone until,you're
physically,emotionally and most importantly mentally ready for it.
so for now, my advice is to enjoy your youth to the best of your ability
. love is confusing and can sumtimes sucks
Love isn't the easiest thing to understand. A lot of teens and some kids think they're in love with their girlfriend or boyfriend, but a lot of the time it's just puppy love; they're "loving" just to feel "love" and reap the benefits, not really for that person or the "love" just isn't real. I believe love is the extreme attachment to family, friends, or boyfriends/girlfriends. Anyone can feel love, that's definitely true, it's just that a mature person (not old, MATURE) can understand what it is best. What it does, who it can apply to, where it happens, why it's there, when someone is truly in love, and how it changes them. Love is abstract, like the thousands of opinions on a certain piece of art; all different, all right to at least that person. Point being anyone can fall in love, but there are many kinds to fall into and mature (again, not old) people understand best.
Blah blah blah, love love love, they sound the same right? 

Uff, forget love for a while. Just live
My best advice is to "dont search for love, let love find you" ..... If you dont look for love then it will find you and it will be more real than "puppy love"
it's getting really annoying that people at my school are all like "oh,she wears black a lot she must be goth"
your emo can't they see that dye your hair some funky colours or something get a badage that says i am EMO not goth You TWAT
lol *facepalm* Why do you get all emotional when people label you? Who the fuck cares. Just be yourself.
Labels are for jars. Are you a jar?
i wish i was it wouls be good
I dont care what they think it's just it's getting fricking annoying
get a badge that says "emo" on it from hmv
Laugh at their childish ways xD
when life gives u lemons u dont make lemonade u say NO screw u life i dont want ur dam lemons and u throw them at life and demand to see his manager and tell him that this is the person who is going to burn down ur fucking house with lemons.
or ya know u could be like yea w/e
Honestly, I think you should chill. Man, I used to actually CARE whether people thought I was emo or not but I honestly don't even think it's possible to be "emo" or not emo just entirely based on how you dress/ style your hair. And wows my music taste has changed a ton over the years. 

Aren't we all just a bunch of hipster douches anyway?
Stop making a big deal about it.
lol *facepalm* Why do you get all emotional when people label you? Who the fuck cares. Just be yourself. I second that
that happens to me all the time. dont listen to them. be yourself, if they dont like it, fuck them
honestly, i don't mind it when ppl call me goth. i dress in a more gothic style, almost never wearing bright colors, unless there is nothing else to wear, and since ppl usually lump the 2 terms together, and really don't understand why i dress the way i do, i just let them think whatever, ya know?
Honestly, I think you should chill. Man, I used to actually CARE whether people thought I was emo or not but I honestly don't even think it's possible to be "emo" or not emo just entirely based on how you dress/ style your hair. And wows my music taste has changed a ton over the years.Aren't we all just a bunch of hipster douches anyway? Omg. Totally dude.  another way to deal with it is to just tell them your "alternative" instead of letting them label u "emo".btw "hipster douches", aka, "posers"cuz everyone is a poser: following their own little rules and stufdf
Labels are for loosers, only people who look down on you lable you, so dont look down on your self and QUIT LABLING !!
Must be goth ? So an old lady wears a black dress then by their theory shes goth! GOTH OLD LADIES XD . But seriously any label/group/type of person can wear black. If they slam a view on you , you don't like just ignore them and carry on like the lord you are =D .
Must be goth ? So an old lady wears a black dress then by their theory shes goth! GOTH OLD LADIES XD . But seriously any label/group/type of person can wear black. If they slam a view on you , you don't like just ignore them and carry on like the lord you are =D .Gothic old ladies. Yush
ppl are just stupid pfft 
they call me goth but i'm tottaly not -
just because my eyes ugh what the....? 
always the same --' 
just because i'm different that means not i"m goth --' 
but i don't care anymore i'm to tired for that --'
this happed to me 2
dont care what ppl tell you...if you kno that ur goth/emo then who cares, theyre just stating the obvious...
My girlfriend and I just broke up yesterday after a 9 month relationship. I got to tell her I loved her and receive her love back at month 3, so 6 months of being in love. Out of the blue after a band camp, I got a text saying she wants to just be friends because she didn't feel right in the relationship. On FaceBook she put she's in love with someone she shouldn't be and she doesn't have a shot at who she now loves. That person wasn't me. I begged her to stay, saying I'd do better. I asked what I did, I asked why. She blamed her hormones saying she doesn't love me "the same". I blame her, but I still love her. So she essentially told me "I love someone else, and I don't love you anymore." What's funny is the entire day (she's in band too, was at the camp) I was looking at her thinking "I wish I could kiss you" and "I better not screw up" and "she's way too good for me." Then she dumps me in a text not half an hour after the camp is over. I've told you what I think, what do you people think? I appreciate any comments, even ones directed negatively towards me.
that mean...
Do you mean she's mean, I'm mean, what she did was mean, what?
leaving u all of a sudden is mean...plus doing it by txt
					
					

that was mean of her.....and just wrong
Guess I'm not crazy then. I still don't know if I did something wrong... I tried to keep her happy, she seemed happy, but I dunno
well it seems u didnt do anything wrong
Hopefully you're right... I love her so much still. I completely opened myself up to her. It has to go away eventually, right?
Yeah but it will take time.....and it will hurt..... and you didnt do anything wrong
Thanks
welcums
I heard about a theory.....

You know colors, right? Well, let's say you were to switch eyes with someone for a day.

What if the color you know as *red*, in their eyes its blue?

I'm confused.....
ur confusing me too... I would like to keep my eyes! please
Um....I don't know ! Do u know some one whose switched eyes? cuz personally i have not.but i don't think i would want
No, I don't. This was a theory at a college because we truly do not know if we do see the same colors. Just think about it.....
Yeah, all we know is that we are calling the same thing "red" and "blue," etc. We don't know if they are actually perceived the same. What if an object A looks like red to me but looks like what I call blue to you. Since we both grew up learning that our perception of A is "red" ('cause I'm right, of course), we'd both call it that. We'd associate the ranges of light wavelengths with colors the same no matter how they actually appear to each individual.
y'all are still confusing me!!!! I am keeping my eyes and all i see through them. I don't care what other people see honestly
We have eyes to see but we are blind to others feelings the true question is would you be willing to see another persons views over your own
dependes on the topic... but i like peoples views on life cus they are normally all different and special to that person.
Yeah, all we know is that we are calling the same thing "red" and "blue," etc. We don't know if they are actually perceived the same. What if an object A looks like red to me but looks like what I call blue to you. Since we both grew up learning that our perception of A is "red" ('cause I'm right, of course), we'd both call it that. We'd associate the ranges of light wavelengths with colors the same no matter how they actually appear to each individual.THANK YOU!!! You understandit's so confusing !!!!!
my mind is now blown... .
so confusing but i think i sorta understand....
Yeah, all we know is that we are calling the same thing "red" and "blue," etc. We don't know if they are actually perceived the same. What if an object A looks like red to me but looks like what I call blue to you. Since we both grew up learning that our perception of A is "red" ('cause I'm right, of course), we'd both call it that. We'd associate the ranges of light wavelengths with colors the same no matter how they actually appear to each individual.i think i get what you're saying;but what i'm wondering is if the colors we know are actually the real thing , suppose trees were actually purple,and not green , we wouldn't know because we are already costumed to what we were thought and that is trees are green.The colors we see may also be depicted by our gender i read this article once and it said that,"In the 1980s, vision researchers began to find some real physical differences between the eyes of many women and those of most men,at least for about half of women. Around half of them are tetrachromatic, which means they have 4 types of cone receptorsinstead of the usual 3 (trichromatic). They can actually see more colors. For example, in a rainbow, trichromatics can see 7 colors: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet. But tetrachromatics can distinguish 10.It also seems to be true that women, in general, are better able to differentiate colors in the red-orange range of the color spectrum. That's why a woman may see objects as crimson, Chinese red, maroon or tomato and an man will see red.


i think i get what you're saying;but what i'm wondering is if the colors we know are actually the real thing , suppose trees were actually purple,and not green , we wouldn't know because we are already costumed to what we were thought and that is trees are green.The colors we see may also be depicted by our gender i read this article once and it said that,"In the 1980s, vision researchers began to find some real physical differences between the eyes of many women and those of most men,at least for about half of women. Around half of them are tetrachromatic, which means they have 4 types of cone receptorsinstead of the usual 3 (trichromatic). They can actually see more colors. For example, in a rainbow, trichromatics can see 7 colors: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet. But tetrachromatics can distinguish 10.It also seems to be true that women, in general, are better able to differentiate colors in the red-orange range of the color spectrum. That's why a woman may see objects as crimson, Chinese red, maroon or tomato and an man will see red.Uhm, sorta. I'm still confused on this theory, and I do want to know more about it. But thank you for this information, I was unaware of this.
I heard about a theory.....You know colors, right? Well, let's say you were to switch eyes with someone for a day.What if the color you know as *red*, in their eyes its blue?I'm confused.....im not confused;)but i dont want blue blood...ilike it red
Interesting...
sure thang, you can do your own little research i'll bet you'll find tuns of informative stuff and you might be able to understand this theory a little better
My brain is melting -.- .
Okay, so I'm not sure how many people will actually read this, but I've decided to post it anyway. I've been having trouble contemplating why people feel the need to diminish this generation to "tawking liek dis" to express their innermost thoughts and feelings. I thought depression was supposed to reveal insightfulness among the weary hearted, not make them little toddlers who have no idea what they're talking about, or even how to spell. I'm extremely sorrowful if I happen to offend anyone reading this, but I needed to get my voice out in the public opinion. I am also grateful if there happens to be anyone who feels the same way about this that I do. I just think we need to kick parenting up a notch to preserve future children from experiencing this tragedy that once was the Human race.  -Lyn-Z xo
It's the dumbing down of the generation... "Newspeak", if you've read 1984.
Your credibility in an argument is instantly diminished when you mean "were", but say "where" instead....I completely understand.
.... Is a good song by My Chemical Romance. .

But yeah, I agree people shouldn't 'tawk lyk dis'. It drives me absolutely crazy, haha.
ok. so i fell in love with this guy a few months back but he turned out to be a douche-he had to have someone else turn me down, and he knew iwas a little shy and it took a lot of courage to tell him how i felt. so i was supset for a while, and i tried to figure out what i had seen in him in the first place, but i couldnt. so i was even more upset. then i met this guy who was really sweet to me, and after only spending an hour with him i felt better. unfortunatly we only started talking on the last day of school, but i know hell be there next year. but even though the first guy was a douche, i still have feelings  for him. he is graduating, so i thought it was the end of it, but he and my cousin are going to the same college. i live with my cousin and i know this will only end in disaster. the only good thing is the second guy. he makes me feel better about myself than anyone ever has. but im really worried about the first guy. it seems when there is potential for disaster, it strikes. what should i do?
					
					

How on earth does having someone else turn you down make him a douche? You put him in an awkward position and he wanted to avoid confrontation about it - no offense but he had no obligation to reply to you at all, through himself or via a friend.

Long story short, the first guy was not a douche, in fact the douche here would be you for judging him based off that. You being shy does not instantly mean everyone in the universe has to bend to your will and be accommodating.

I'd seriously suggest you get over your hate for him as it's completely unjustified, however considering he already turned you down once (via a friend) he's not really even competing for your heart is he? In that respect you only have one option, the other guy - that is, if he actually likes you like that.
he waited for several months to have his friend turn me down. i cried for weeks bc i knew i had made a mistake. i tried to apologize for putting  him in an awkward  situation,  but it was right after that he had his friend turn me down. its not just that he had someone else turn.mr down(which was a cowardly thing to do in the first place) its that he waited so long and let me get my hopes up. maybe i should have said this earlier, sorry
and btw i meant he knew how much courage it took to talk to him, he had told me b4 all this he wanted me to "come out of my shell"
Sorry but unless he said 'yes' then only you got your hopes up, he was just trying to be close friends.
from the start i knew i had very little chance.of being with him. i know im ugly and shy, and dressing in all.black and dying my hair doesnt help much, but nonmatter what a girl looks like if ur not interested you shouldnturn her down right away. if not it will only cause both of you pain.
Reality set in yesterday that one of my friends may have committed suicide and i just don't know for sure. I met him online, on chatango, and he messaged me on facebook saying that je will miss me and that he will see me in the afterlife. His account is deactivated and im struggling to hold on to hope... i don't know what to do or how to react about this because i wont ever truly know what has or will happen unless i get a message... :'(

His name was Joseph or Goldendiety on chatango for those who may have met him...
shit that makes me cry dammit, my best of lucks getting a message back, i swear ill cross all my limbs
Thank you. Heh, i have all my fingers, toes, limbs and even my eyes friggin crossed for this message.
Oh man dats horrible...im sorry
Thank you. I just... dont know what there is for me to do about it. He's until further notice M.I.A  in my mind... cause i guess that is the only way i can see it. :/
"My heart has joined the Thousand, for today my friend stopped running." ~Hazel-rah.

"Everybody gets dead... It was his turn." Hondo (John Wayne).
Uhm...thanks.?
dammit, I'm sorry. That must be so hard. I really hope you get a message back. Hope for the best
I've had this happen to me before.. Turns out they were lying to me and living nice and well today -.- .. 

Just keep thinking that hes alive, that he either didn't do it or he did it but got saved and is in hospital.. Just hope and wait for that messege back.
Taters... That's helpful but i posted this three months ago...  Him and I haven't spoken since then 
chin up sweetie ! im here for you as you were for me ! ive lost 2 friends nearly 3 to suicide
of course i will be here for you darling xx it's just tough, i've lost three people to suicide and i'm close to losing two others... :'(
ah thats just horrible but hang in there and just hope for the best
I'm trying
I know that everyone has insecurities. I know that everyone has something about them that if even one person figured out, the would die right where they stood. Everyone has their dirt. Everyone has their ups and downs. Everyone has their good days and bad days.
But what's really important is, we need to remember who we truly are. When we're called creep, freak, or useless, we need to stand up for ourselves. We need to not submit to their stupid talk, that puts us down. If we do, it fuels their anger for us. It fuels their temptions to yell at us, to put us down.
When we get put down, don't bow your head in depression. Put your head up in courage. Reject the normal. Be yourself. Be unique. Remember, this makes them fail. This makes them stop. Don't listen to them. Whenever they say something, just ignore them, pretend they're saying "Blah blah blah" or are a bee buzzing in your ear.
I realized today, that the normal, the girls who wanna rule the prom with their "perfect" makeup, "perfect" hair, "perfect" hair, "perfect" dress/clothes, are the outcasts, because they follow the crowd, and don't change. The people that are the same, keep the world the same. The people that are different, change it. When we change the world, we change everything. Martin Luther King did this. He was proud of himself, and he showed his courage by giving his famous "I Have A Dream" speech, which CHANGED the point of view of a whole nation. We can team up, and be ourselves. And NOBODY will be able to change us.
So shout this out at your school, or at some random place in the mall, or on a random street. Or hey, even a random city. Yell, "I'm proud I'm different!" and make sure everyone can hear you. Make sure everyone knows that you're proud of yourself, and maybe, everything will change. And things will be better.
*applauds*  nice one. Except if I scream that my neighbors will probably call the cops xD
Lol. Yeah. Mine to. But thank you.
you reminded me why i don't give in to all the egotistical assholes at my school. thank you.
I'm proud I'm different!   Thank u
I'm different and I'm proud!!!!!!!
Normal is boaring so im glad im different
Im happy to be different dont want to be like everyone else just unique and me ^.^
normies are stupid and will do anything to get a laugh out of eachother to make themselves feel bigger, because their mindset is pretty much just "make fun of him cause hes different", but really no ones gonna remember any of the shit that ever happened in highschool a couple yrs from now, so hold your head high and enjoy your life. its not that long and you only get one, so dont be someone else, be yourself
So your saying everyone who is not 'emo' is a normie. Dude, your technically calling Alice Cooper normal. Hes not exactly 'emo', is he. I understand where your coming from, but not EVERY PERSON (who is not emo) is a preppy kid. Me, yes I would love to crush all the preppy kids. But sadly, they will crush me. But yeah, I see where your coming from.
So your saying everyone who is not 'emo' is a normie. Dude, your technically calling Alice Cooper normal. Hes not exactly 'emo', is he. I understand where your coming from, but not EVERY PERSON (who is not emo) is a preppy kid. Me, yes I would love to crush all the preppy kids. But sadly, they will crush me. But yeah, I see where your coming from.1- i never used the word EMO in that post, i meant everyone who wants to be themselves and not just an everyday typical member of society2- Alice Cooper isnt your best example for a 'normal' person (which is a good thing)3- i LUV alice cooper  i hav their poison record on VINYL
Yeah hes cool isnt he, but I get what you mean. In my school, there is one kid who everyone loves. And everyone bows down to her, which I thinks kinda pathetic. its freaky. But its good to be unique. :3 And I wasn't against Alice cooper, or your love for him. I was just making a point so dont kill me. D';
ya there r alot of assholes  in my skool almost 80 % of all 7 th grade hates me they hate that i have guts 2 stand out
Well I am happy and Proud being differnt I hate the normies sometimes (  I have some Normies as Friends)   I wore Purple skinnies , a white tee-shirt that was heaps baggy that said "If I got smart with you how would you know?' and suspenders and they called me a freak and that I shouldn't be in year 10 and that they hope I get a sense of Fashion by they time year 12 comes around. I was all like YOU know what at least I DON'T look like a Hooker or a slut who is wishing to be rapped haha ( mean i know but I had to say something)
Thats very lovely. It touched me! 
=') . This was excellent and well put together. This makes me prouder to be who I am. Keep up the good work Rain! And thank you 
im me and im proud. i dont care if im different or not. i like being me and again proud of me. but this was a really goo- no great post
Really nice post. :') 
nice speech u should be pround of it
thanks 4 the awsome speech 

alternative rocks!!!!!!
be pround of who u are!!!!!!!!!!
I, for one, am a strong believer of change. I know I'm not alone with this thought. I also believe, that we're greater in numbers. The more people involved, the greater the chance of success, the greater the change of the idea spreading, the greater the chance of this movement changing the world. I believe, in change. I know we can do it, we just need to apply ourselves, to set aside our differences so that humanity can have a better future.The change starts with you, with a simple idea to change  the world. Imagine if everyone in the world put aside their pain and took a step towards what they believed in. Not trying to change our world is like standing by and watching a child get shot without helping. Why would you do that? When deep inside you know that standing by and watching it happen killed you, you strayed from what you believe in. So here's my idea: let's DO something.  I'm sure I'm not the only one, but I'm sick of people simply talking about change rather than actually doing something. Standing by is not moving forward. So here are some steps towards making the change:


1. Evaluate
a. Yourself- a strong mind for ideas
b. Your community
c.Your world
2. Identify the Problem
- Ask yourself, what needs to be changed?
3. Brain storm
- any ideas you have, even the smallest of solutions can make an impact.
4. Gather Information
... a. Like Greenday (hate them) once said, you gotta know your enemy.
b. Write down questions that can be answered later
5. Group
a. Gather people who have similar beliefs but different thought processes (we don't all want to think the same, there needs to be some DIVERSITY)
b. Form solutions based off each person's idea, talk it over with your group until you all agree.
c. Choose a meeting place that's simple enough for everyone to reach and have enough meeting space
6. Rally It UP
a. Recruit people who support your cause
b. Create fliers, posters, ect, be creative
c. Remember to back your solutions up with reason.
7. BEGIN THE REVOLUTION
a. Once it's decided what you're going to do, the idea has to spread like a wildfire. What you can do is make personal websites supporting your cause, demanding a change, or you can post like hell on facebook, you can also use forum sites to get word out across the world, become known and successful and other people will start to follow.
b. Stand up for what you believe in and don't ever back down!!



This is how an idea spreads, how you can make the change and take that step forward. This is the same thing I told my activist group, S.M.A.C. Now I want to share it with the rest of the world. Just try it. If you've ever wanted to make an impact, at least try. If you can't make a group then join one.
Or you could just make a political party and win the election... is it likely? No... but it's more likely than a revolution... less dangerous... an easier transition... wouldn't completely destroy relations with other countries... and would preserve peace.

Revolution sounds cool. It's not. It was/has been something necessary to escape oppression and bring power back to people (even if only briefly as power shifts to someone new)... but you're in a democracy now where essentially the people do have power, if you're choosing not to use that power then that's nobodies blame but your own because the power is in your hands. If you wish to bring change, then just following the process for this would avoid a lot of bloodshed (yes, shockingly people often die in revolutions), anarchy, turmoil and the devastation of lives for millions of other people.
Or you could just make a political party and win the election... is it likely? No... but it's more likely than a revolution... less dangerous... an easier transition... wouldn't completely destroy relations with other countries... and would preserve peace.Revolution sounds cool. It's not. It was/has been something necessary to escape oppression and bring power back to people (even if only briefly as power shifts to someone new)... but you're in a democracy now where essentially the people do have power, if you're choosing not to use that power then that's nobodies blame but your own because the power is in your hands. If you wish to bring change, then just following the process for this would avoid a lot of bloodshed (yes, shockingly people often die in revolutions), anarchy, turmoil and the devastation of lives for millions of other people.I'd love to. Except I have no say at this age. Yeah, you try being my age and talking about change. No one believes in it. There doesn't have to be bloodshed.. there's such thing as a right to peaceful protest.. besides, if the people demand it, the goverment is more willing to comply. This could mean simply phone calls or letters. We don't always have to burn buildings down ya know , I call that a riot. Forming groups to speak up for what you believe in is much more efficient than failing to voice your opinion. There's nothing wrong with doing things to better yourself, your community, and your world. This is the UNITED States. It's actually quite easy to do, since me, being a 15 year old has started an activist group for my community, as I've learned to start small. Small steps lead to great strides.. anyway, you're making it seem much harder and much worse than it already is, though I know it's in your nature to argue, though I have no problem with that. It's nice to have someone challenge what I say for a change. Much appreciated for your imput.
Peaceful protest is a democratic allowance.... if you're hosting a revolution then this is anti-democracy lol... Also, yes, the reason you get ignored because of your age is due to the (commonly among your age group) lack of education and lack of experience so far.

A revolution does not come under 'peaceful protest' I'm afraid. An activist group is one thing.. and I don't argue against trying to make positive change, however revolution is neither the answer nor a viable option and will not be tolerated by the government whatsoever. There is a massive difference between protesting against policies, fighting for good causes etc... and trying to overthrow the government, which is exactly what revolution is.
Honestly, I wouldn't mind overthrowing the government.. I do like the Democracy, but the goverment is composed of the rich now.. it's rapidly changing and there may very well be a day when the people do rebell. It's happened in other countries, why not here? I understand that this is democracy, quite different than other countries, but also with a democracy you've got the 99% vs the 1% sometimes, you know? By the way, I say Revolution for lack of a better term. I certainly wasn't going to title it Peaceful Protest. It makes me sick to my stomach for some reason. Nothing stays peaceful for long, that's been proven over and over again throughout history. It's just, not all people my age are that ignorant  I mean, yes, some are, but most people I know want to change the world just as badly as I do, so I let them speak through me.
Well... to put it bluntly, if it's 99% vs 1% then even in the revolution/rebellion context you'd lose, the only difference in democracy is you don't die or be placed in jail when you lose...

Changing the world isn't a bad thing.. and I agree a lot should be changed and to be perfectly honest I support you in that sense, but overthrowing a system which is actually giving you the CHANCE to express that view and gather support peacefully is the most impractical and counterproductive thing to do. If you wish to get 'the rich' out of the government, then drop the revolution... gather support for positive non-revolutionary change and when you're of the legal age to stand for election, use that support and gather more to try and spearhead an election? It's peaceful.. and over the years it takes to become eligible for candidacy you could use your groups to try and make smaller, less risky and overall beneficial changes to the community.

Overthrowing the government is not the key to 'change', it is the key to 'anarchy' and 'chaos'... and to put it bluntly.. death, poverty, war and oppression in most cases. Many 'revolutions' these days are supported by other countries to ensure smooth transition... something tells me you fighting against democracy will not merit you the same and the majority of the population is most definitely not going to fight against a system that gives them a large amount of freedom and personal rights to be under you and your friends.
lol you do realize that I never said I was aiming to overthrow the government. The last thing I want is the U.S to turn to communism   I think though, if I truly wanted something done, I try, even if it killed me. Though peaceful protest won't kill me .
As for the age thing.. you've given me an idea.. in fact, it might be doable.
Well, I'm on about overthrowing government because that's literally what revolution means.

If you wish to peacefully protest for specific things for the good of people and humanity then power to you and good luck 
Well I can call it peaceful protest, but like I said, nothing stays peaceful for long. History always repeats itself because humans are too ignorant to change their ways. There are a couple meanings for the word ' revolution' yes I pulled out a dictionary and looked it up   Dictionary.com -  Sociology . a radical and pervasive change in society and the social structure, especially one made suddenly and often accompanied by violence. Compare social evolution.    I'll admit, there probably would be violence if people turned to extremists. That's human nature though, which can't be helped, sadly. My group doesn't resort to violence, but other groups might.
What is it your actually looking to change? Like... What is your actual end goal here? I kind of missed that... o-o My bad.
You just make it sound so easy....
It sounds easy, but it's not. We all know it's not. It's not like it's gonna happen over night or anything.

This 'revolution' is just a way for people to contribute good to the world.

When you want change, you have to make it.
Thank you.
My question was ignored :c
My question was ignored :cNo."This 'revolution' is just a way for people to contribute good to the world"I know I wasn't very direct so allow me to explain.The idea is for the people to make a positive change on the world. Generally, there is strength in numbers. Correct? The goal is for the people to make the change they want to make, to be the change, rather than sitting and watching the world go by, day by day. Is it wrong to want to get people to do something?  I hope not. I'm just trying to encourage. More people need to stand up for what they believe in. If you don't stand up for what you believe in, then is it really a belief?
No."This 'revolution' is just a way for people to contribute good to the world"I know I wasn't very direct so allow me to explain.The idea is for the people to make a positive change on the world. Generally, there is strength in numbers. Correct? The goal is for the people to make the change they want to make, to be the change, rather than sitting and watching the world go by, day by day. Is it wrong to want to get people to do something?  I hope not. I'm just trying to encourage. More people need to stand up for what they believe in. If you don't stand up for what you believe in, then is it really a belief?You're still ignoring her question.She's asking for the specifics on things you'd like to see changed. What are these 'positive changes' you're thinking of?
If you believe that for instance, a child shouldn't be executed for killing a soldier that was raping his or her mother. Would you let it happen? Or would you try to stop it, because you believe that the child should not die?
I'm not trying to ignore her question. The end result could vary. It depends on what the people want changed.
The revolution is for people to take STEPS towards whatever they believe in.
Do I need to explain further? The goal is for the people to do something. To take a stand.
Well sorry for wanting to make a difference. If this is so horrible then I shouldn't even try. Let's just watch the world burn then. Let's not do anything. If that's how you guys really feel.
Well sorry for wanting to make a difference. If this is so horrible then I shouldn't even try. Let's just watch the world burn then. Let's not do anything. If that's how you guys really feel.This is the hardest part, To Cure the Brainwashed Slaves of the System and have them on our Side. This is the true Challenge.May i ask you a question, are you good at experssing yourself in Public ?
Of course. I've never been afraid to express my beliefs to the world.
Of course. I've never been afraid to express my beliefs to the world.My question was about how good are you at expressing.if thats the case, then you are a Representative, you won't succeed unless your beliefs have underwent a Revolution, and for that you need a Natural born leader.
Yeah, And those are hard to find. Except, I think I may know one.
Good to know. Thanks.
"This 'revolution' is just a way for people to contribute good to the world"I know I wasn't very direct so allow me to explain.The idea is for the people to make a positive change on the world. Generally, there is strength in numbers. Correct? The goal is for the people to make the change they want to make, to be the change, rather than sitting and watching the world go by, day by day. Is it wrong to want to get people to do something?  I hope not. I'm just trying to encourage. More people need to stand up for what they believe in. If you don't stand up for what you believe in, then is it really a belief?D: I never said it was wrong. I asked what your goal was. I see you're trying to encourage people, but encourage them to do what? Be good people? Make good choices? "If you don't stand up for what you believe in, them is it really a belief?" What are you standing up for? What are your beliefs? I've completely missed what you're trying to accomplish. I understand that you want change, what EXACTLY do you want changed? And what EXACTLY are you going to do about it?If you believe that for instance, a child shouldn't be executed for killing a soldier that was raping his or her mother. Would you let it happen? Or would you try to stop it, because you believe that the child should not die?Ummmm..... This was kind of irrelevant... So your goal is to make sure children shouldn't die for murdering rapists? o-oI'm not trying to ignore her question. The end result could vary. It depends on what the people want changed.Now you've completely confused me. You want change, but you don't even know what you want people to do about it. What are YOU doing about "it?" What exactly is "it?"
Oh my gosssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  THE IDEA IS FOR PEOPLE TO TRY TO MAKE A CHANGE, WHATEVER THEY WANT TO CHANGE, WHETHER IT BE THEIR DAMN NEIGHBORHOOD PARK OR THEMSELVES . I AM SIMPLY ENCOURAGING PEOPLE TO TAKE HOLD OF THEIR WORLD. sheeeeeesssh. Why can't you peope understand? I know, it's difficult.
Ah I'm sorry  I'm just frustrated right now
Okay okay okay calm down. ;~; Geeze. I wanted to know what you wanted D: Is wanting people to do something all you want? Or was there more?Ah I'm sorry  I'm just frustrated right nowIt's okay. I'm used to being yelled/raged at. Frustrated at this or was something else wrong?
Nope, that was all I wanted. 

Ahh there were a couple things wrong, I guess not being understood just threw me off the edge.
I have terrible problems controlling my anger
Nah I understood what you meant, I just wanted to know what else you wanted. Guess I wasn't clear enough lol. Sorry bout that.

It's okay, don't feel bad  No offence was taken in anyway.
Lol it's fine .. hoorrrraaay :DDD
You know the world isnt all bad right? There's actually a lot of good but some people refuse to see the good in the world. Instead of trying to change the bad which won't happen why don't you empower the good? forget this stupid revolution and just do the right thing
And that's coming from SHANE LOL!
Ahhh fuck it. I'm just going to let the world burn. Fuck it, there's one less good person in this world now.
Ahhh fuck it. I'm just going to let the world burn. Fuck it, there's one less good person in this world now.There are many People on this world in need of this good person, Would you please stay the way you are for their Sake ?
It's awfully hard when everyone tells you that it's wrong. That you can't do it. I guess my life is meaningless now. I have no goals or dreams without wanting to change the world....
There are many People on this world in need of this good person, Would you please stay the way you are for their Sake ?You are the Only man this world need, Leader.
It's awfully hard when everyone tells you that it's wrong. That you can't do it. I guess my life is meaningless now. I have no goals or dreams without wanting to change the world....Insanity is to be sane in an insane world.I know its hurts to see people in the wrong without realizing it, But i also know that giving up on trying to open their eyes will turn you the same as them.Im sure a person like can't just surrender on this matter, even if you want to...you simply Can't.You are the Only man this world need, Leader.Maybe, but i can't do anything alone, I already taugh you that society is about you do what i can't and i do what you can't. never forget about this !
					
					

I know I can't.
It's awfully hard when everyone tells you that it's wrong. That you can't do it. I guess my life is meaningless now. I have no goals or dreams without wanting to change the world....So keep the dream and the goal. And make more. Smaller ones. If you set short-term goals to get to your long-term goals it makes things a lot easier. Gives you a sense of accomplishment  Don't give up in what you believe in, remember what you said? "If you don't stand up for what you believe in, is it really a belief?"Just gotta keep on man xD
Yeah but you see, changing the world is my ONLY goal in life.
Make new ones 

In addition to that one.
What else matters?
People? A job? Lol.
Wow my first reaction was waste of time. I already have a job anyways... and people haven't been the best to me around here o.O
Well. Sorry for trying to help. I'll stop now. I feel slightly offended now...
*sigh* Sorry I didn't mean to offend you, I'm just so used to people cramming words and ideas down my throat nowadays...
It's alright, it's just that I care about people in general. And was trying to help you. I wasn't trying to cram anything down your throat. In my opinion, people are extremely worth it. Even people that may be a little rough around the edges. I try not to give up on them, cos I know what it's like to push people away and not want to be near them. I just try to watch out for everyone o-o
Well thank you  really.
You're welcome. Just give people a chance, yeah?
I try
personally, i believe that faith is our only way...to change the world...you have to have the faith that you can do it...believe you can....no doubt...yah gtta risk it to get the biscuit...but yeh....dont doubt go all out!..... we are the youth of the nation...
personally, i believe that faith is our only way...to change the world...you have to have the faith that you can do it...believe you can....no doubt...yah gtta risk it to get the biscuit...but yeh....dont doubt go all out!..... we are the youth of the nation..."Youth Of The Nation"- P.O.D, good song Anyways, I'm agnostic so... yeah...I don't have faith in humanity anymore, I just don't. We were given this world and we destroyed it. That's generally what we do  we destroy, and don't give me that bullshit that we create too- because yeah we create buildings and shit and tear down forests and push animals to extinction. Yeah we make babies, but hell, they'll just grow up, maybe waste space, over populate this damn planet, and possibly tear down more of the world. One day, this world will be a waste land, devoid of life, all because of humanity's arrogant ways o.o
"Youth Of The Nation"- P.O.D, good song Anyways, I'm agnostic so... yeah...I don't have faith in humanity anymore, I just don't. We were given this world and we destroyed it. That's generally what we do  we destroy, and don't give me that bullshit that we create too- because yeah we create buildings and shit and tear down forests and push animals to extinction. Yeah we make babies, but hell, they'll just grow up, maybe waste space, over populate this damn planet, and possibly tear down more of the world. One day, this world will be a waste land, devoid of life, all because of humanity's arrogant ways o.oDo you know about the Illuminati ?
Do you know about the Illuminati ?Yes I do. My grandfather and I had a long discussion over that.
Yes I do. My grandfather and I had a long discussion over that.Changing the World, Its a Big long way and you may get lost, To Prevent that, why don't you study this World and the Road you are taking ?Because Seriously, 99% of the World population are Working for the rest, if the world is bad its because of them, thats what they want, to change this you have to face them, and you can't do that Peacefully, believe me.
So what you're saying  is that there needs to be a revolution.

I don't believe in violence until I have no other option. That is what an animal does, after all, when backed into a corner.
So what you're saying  is that there needs to be a revolution.I don't believe in violence until I have no other option. That is what an animal does, after all, when backed into a corner.I don't even need to say it,  Just look at my username.I live in Morocco, and i know many things about the Revolution that is happening here and in other countries, If you need any infos just ask. But i seriously recommend you to Study History and science (economy included), a little bit of Religion too if you can.
Interesting. A little background history on me for future reference, my grandfather studies everything from polictics to the arts. He shares his knowledge with me and we often spend weeks talking and quizing each other on different subjects. Though one can never know too much.
					
					

O.o I'm going to call him later and talk about this for sure...
That was a very intriguing video, may I add.
That was a very intriguing video, may I add.Here is a much more intriguing song : Civil War -by- Guns N' Rosesthe lyrics got some very deep meanings, try to find these messages and study everything about them.
So I will
well, i see where you all are coming from...but im just a strong believer in faith...if you got faith in yourself...the possibilities are imaginable...the worlds in our hands....life was given to us bc of our existence..yah cant just assume that we destroy the world..if one whom chooses to believe like that and give up on humanity, then thats a point their willing to show for...all the people in the world have but a thousand opinions...good, bad, or whatever...faith is the seed from which we are born.... Why disgrace is, when the natural empulse of human beings is to embrace it!
well, i see where you all are coming from...but im just a strong believer in faith...if you got faith in yourself...the possibilities are imaginable...the worlds in our hands....life was given to us bc of our existence..yah cant just assume that we destroy the world..if one whom chooses to believe like that and give up on humanity, then thats a point their willing to show for...all the people in the world have but a thousand opinions...good, bad, or whatever...faith is the seed from which we are born.... Why disgrace is, when the natural empulse of human beings is to embrace it!What is an Opinion ?
well, i see where you all are coming from...but im just a strong believer in faith...if you got faith in yourself...the possibilities are imaginable...the worlds in our hands....life was given to us bc of our existence..yah cant just assume that we destroy the world..if one whom chooses to believe like that and give up on humanity, then thats a point their willing to show for...all the people in the world have but a thousand opinions...good, bad, or whatever...faith is the seed from which we are born.... Why disgrace is, when the natural empulse of human beings is to embrace it!Sorry hun, I don't believe in faith. I'm not a religious person whatsoever. I KNOW that humans can make the change that they want to change, they just don't. People always say "Oh I could never do that." Well you don't know until you actually try. And I've seen that when you try, you can go a long way. I don't assume we're destroying the world. I know we are. Wanna know how? Because the evidence is all around us. Diseases and afflictions we've never even heard of springing up all over. It seems like everyday there's a new problem that needs to be fixed, when we ourselves, have made the problem. Human nature is a cruel thing. Faith alone is not enough for a change, you don't get anywhere by simply believing you can. You have to actually take the steps towards your goal. So, if you truly believed you could fly, would you jump off a cliff? Yeah, exactly. Opinions are just opinions. Facts are facts. Personal beliefs vs facts. I do believe in the end, facts win. Just because you believe you can fly doesn't mean you really can.
lol the point of all of that was faith.
I don't give a damn about facts or opinions.
I don't care about the difference.
What I do care about,
is action.
lol the point of all of that was faith.I edited my post, and replied about that. i forgot about the main reason why i posted.And i shouldn't have even quote you, but i just wanted to.
I don't give a damn about facts or opinions.I don't care about the difference.What I do care about,is action. No, you have to give a damn about it. if you tell me "	Do you believe you can change the world? "as in your Poll. you ask it as if you wanted to know my opinion, while actually the Answer should be a fact.The world can change by everyone hands, unless you wanted to know how many people got wrong facts in their minds.And everybody has a duty to care about this world as long as they are living in it. "What goes around comes around" we are all responsible for our acts. We Are all Criminals unless we take the first step of a Change, which is to Deny the Wrong.
					
					

Ah that's better, I remain agnostic. I don't consider myself to be religious.

Yeah that's more like it. The quote was a nice touch.
Nicely done, it corresponds with my 'doing' attitude.
I believe a person's life should revolve around good deeds.
Maybe if everyone's lives did the world would be a better place.
Hah, if we all just started doing good deeds for one another rather than killing each other... it's sad how far fetched that sounds...
No, you have to give a damn about it. if you tell me "	Do you believe you can change the world? "as in your Poll. you ask it as if you wanted to know my opinion, while actually the Answer should be a fact.The world can change by everyone hands, unless you wanted to know how many people got wront facts in their minds.And everybody has a duty to care about this world as long as you are living it. "What goes around comes around" we are all responsible for our acts. We Are all Criminals unless we take the first step of a Change, which is to Deny the Wrong.Opinions and facts don't have to be too different. You support your opinion with facts, if you want something done right.I simply asked out of sheer curiosity.Truth be told a teacher of mine asked me the same questionEver since then I've been hellbent on change.I wanted to see where people stand.Because without numbers, great change is difficult.I mean I don't care about the difference between the two, I just don't
Opinions and facts don't have to be too different. You support your opinion with facts, if you want something done right.I mean I don't care about the difference between the two, I just don'tWhat you mean here by opinion is like Theory in Science.But you know, scientists Do their best to include their theories into Facts, By Proving/supporting their Theory with Facts.If they failed to, they don't stick to it any more.Thats why people shouldn't stick to their own opinions without proving it with facts and Debate about it, Dont End a Conversation with a "idk, but this is my opinion" or "im free to think however i want"Thats why you should care about the difference, cause When Facing other people who do not make a difference, this is the way your conversation will end.
What you mean here by opinion is like Theory in Science.But you know, scientists Do their best to include their theories into Facts, By Proving/supporting their Theory with Facts.If they failed to, they don't stick to it any more.Thats why people shouldn't stick to their own opinions without proving it with facts and Debate about it, Dont End a Conversation with a "idk, but this is my opinion" or "im free to think however i want"Thats why you should care about the difference, cause When Facing other people who do not make a difference, this is the way your conversation will end.Explain the last line.I'm not fully getting what you're saying.If I don't care about the difference then I won't say "That's my opinion"Because I won't care.If I don't care- I don't say anything
Explain the last line.I'm not fully getting what you're saying.If I don't care about the difference then I won't say "That's my opinion"Because I won't care.If I don't care- I don't say anythingIf you try to convince people in changing the world, they "under some Influence" instinctively step back and end the subject with "this is my opinion".If you were to know the difference between a fact and opinion, you could see through their words and distinguish between opinions and facts, and you could also show them that difference.This is really an important key in Preaching the truth.
Ah there lies our difference. I don't want to be someone to cram anything down someone's throat. I believe that I state my opinion, alongside some key facts, and allow that person to think and act for themselves. I will never 'preach' anything to anyone because I do not believe I have a right to do so.
Ah there lies our difference. I don't want to be someone to cram anything down someone's throat. I believe that I state my opinion, alongside some key facts, and allow that person to think and act for themselves. I will never 'preach' anything to anyone because I do not believe I have a right to do so.Its not like preaching is forcing other to believe what you want the to.And here comes another problem, People can't think and act 100% by themselves, they are always under some bad and strong influences. You have to introduce a part of themselves to them they don't know yet which we all Share.you can't Increase our numbers by simply stating your opinion, if still believe you can, then do it ! when you succeed let me know, if you failed and gave up let me know as well.And Don't understimate the humans, we may not be able to hold the truth, but pieces of it,YES !
Its not like preaching is forcing other to believe what you want the to.And here comes another problem, People can't think and act 100% by themselves, they are always under some bad and strong influences. You have to introduce a part of themselves to them they don't know yet which we all Share.you can't Increase our numbers by simply stating your opinion, if still believe you can, then do it ! when you succeed let me know, if you failed and gave up let me know as well.And Don't understimate the humans, we may not be able to hold the truth, but pieces of it,YES !Ha, well the you were saying it, it sounded like it was so.Be clearer next time Yada yada yada, influence. That's a given. The sun influences me not to go outside today. And it does it without a word! (If it ever says anything you know I've gone off the deep end anyways)Yeah. You know, the United Nations does the same thing.They state what they believe should be changed and facts to support why.I mean, I probably shouldn't be comparing belief to the government but still.It's a nice example.Plus I (not to sound like a complete nerd) go to a mock United Nations conference every year.It's quite fun, just to put that out there.Feels good to know you HAVE to be heard.Besides, sometimes opinions can influence.I dunno why, but that last line made me think of a piece of cake.Now I'm hungry.Gracias mi amigo.
let us make a new party not of republicans or socialists the emo party where there isnt racism to anyone xD haha
i dont think i wud be able to change the world...or anything
I've done Emo quizzes and gotten 60%, I listen to sad music mostly i write sad poem and music lyrics, and i see the glass half empty, but not "Shattered into a Million Pieces" as some people say emos think. I need help, if most people say no i will delete this account and go back to being a dorky nerd (Dorky Emonerd?)
this is what most people dont understand. emo is a stereotype that people look to deep into. u can be whatever u want to be u dont need peoples opinions. i will agree on being a happy emo but i am emo. dont let other people tell u what ur supposed to be u can be whatever u want to be. if u want to be "emo" then go right ahead no one can tell u otherwise.
I don't mean to be rude, but this is kinda stereotypical. I didn't decide if I was "emo" or not. I don't take tests, I listen to sappy music, and that makes everyone at school thing I cut and immediately make people believe you're that stereotype. So no one can grade you on how "emo" you are. And if you grade yourself, no offense, but that's kinda sad. Don't grade yourself. Just be you and you'll be okay.
People can say what they want but only you know the true you. The only person who is with you 100% of the time is yourself! I say ignore the posers and losers and live life on the fast track while everyone else hasnt gone anywhere but their own pathetic worlds. Do you believe you are emo? Then youre emo. Dont believe youre emo?then youre not emo. Its your life not someone elses
I agree with emoxxxchickxxx, emo is a state of mind. A community. It isnt short for emotional, its a banner that unites the lost and the broken. Wana be emo? Sure. Dont wana be emo? Why not. Im a nerd too (make weapons, so ima ninja nerd XD) that doesnt mean i cant be emo. Its ur decision cuz its ur life
emo can b a stereotype but 4 me its a lifestyle i couldnt deal with the depression so i became emo it depends on wat personality u hav
o__o  what???
let me put this differant EMO QUIZZES DONT WORK
*facepalm* You obviously have no idea what you're talking about.
... oh. wow man are you trying not to be yourself or.
Okay so. Old thread but I don't care.Okay. Didn't realize how old it is. People revived it for some reason.Still, I think this needs to be said.I may be harsh, but it's my honest opinion. Go post in Member Wars about it if you're that upset.I don't think people grasp the concept of 'emo.' To me, emo is a music genre. Strictly that. There are countless threads on here saying that. Now people that slap labels on themselves, calling themselves emo? Well I really don't know how all that came around. If you're sad all the time, you're probably depressed. Or you listen to too much sad music. Or a combination of the two. If you're talking about the style of clothing, that's scene. Scene is the style. How cutting got thrown into the stereotype? That I don't know either. Now I'm not here to bash on cutting. I don't do that. I've been down that road before, but I've stopped and I don't plan on going back. I agree with some of the comments above, too. You don't have to label yourself as emo. Emo is just a term society made up to label all of the people that have personalities that somewhat match the list of symptoms, if you will, that are said to be emo. I said label a lot. You can be whatever you want to be. I don't label myself. I used to, but then I grew beyond that. For the hell of having a label, I called myself gothic for the longest time just because I wore a lot of black. When I moved, people at my school called me emo, so I stuck with it. Now I don't even care anymore. To be honest, I think the only reason people get stuck with labels is because they want to conform to what society thinks of them. I simply tell people I'm me, because that's the only thing I want to be. I'm weird. I'm shy. I'm talkative. I'm happy. I'm sad. I'm human, and nothing more than that. So quit with the labels already.[/rant]
why the fuck did u listen to the quiz? what do they know....
Why should it matter what some freaking quiz says?!!? Why do you want to have a label slapped on you? Wouldn't you rather set your OWN guidlines on how to live? Not "Oh, I need to write sappy songs to I can be emo," "Oh, I need to go cry to be emo," Just, NO! It's not right! Be yourself!
Well tell me what your definition of emo is then I will give my answer !
Why not just be yourself instead of trying to fit into a certain clique?
Are any of the old members around????

if you are let me know.... its like i dont know anyone on here anymore
Im still here ^.^
i had account way back two or so years ago so yeah Heyy
I'm making my official comeback in a week or so. I guess Rain's on every now and then.
i knew cece and Shawn were still around....
but where is monkeysam and amber.... and Shane

where is all the old crew :/

i talk to sam his on every now and again but not permantly.
Amber doesnt come on at all anymore due to stalker issues. And Shane comes on every now and then. So does Keith and Rain. But I havnt seen Sammy or any1 else.
I have Sam on facebook. Maybe next time he's on I'll ask when he's coming back xD
Shane's in Korea now, so he has the time difference to blame.
					
					

The topic actually made me think this would be to the old members :c
The "old members" are members that joined in late 2010
back in my time xD
jeez I sound like an old fart. what's happening.
nah, snow. you guys are the old old members O.o
It's a website. Instead of looking for just old friends that don't get online anymore, maybe you should just make new friends.  xD
Old and new.
Yeah Cece i email sam still....
and i know but the old members were heaps fun
Yeah Cece i email sam still....and i know but the old members were heaps fun Yeah I agree. I miss sammy and Amber D:
we all do i'll try to convince sam to come back...
I know ey ! I miss those old days =/ . It's NKSiudek btw xD lol .
I'm an older member, my profile is new but I've been here since August/September 2009
I'll try to convince Amber to come back too :3
Nathan xD nice of you too return finally
whats wrong with new members... -.-
There not as easy to talk to then the old members
ok so i know this sounds wiered but any advice on how to excape from a mental ward???
My advice -- don't. Because then they'll put you back in for longer.

Seriously, it will just result in a longer sentence. _
^ I second that.
ok thanks i hate it
smile, it might seem like shit but things could be worse at least you have leaving to look forward too keep you're head held high and wait till life moves things along
thanks
If there is a code you have to have to grt out hang out by the door and watch as they put the code in then when no one is arround quickly but quietly put it in and run away.
Im just playin like they said you probly should cuz if you do whrn they catch you youll have even more restrictions
Shouldnt*
no its a key that they wear on them
well that sucks :/

have you tried pretending that you are better.... would they let you out then?
thay suck make u play stupid games was in one for 6 months and would rather die then go back but u better be  carfell that thay dont chek your internet usage
yeah.... you might want to be careful
I say just don't escape at all. It's probably for the best =) . Just wait it out and take it calm and be open and civil to the doctors so they can help you with any problems you may have in your health, mind and life.
Yeah, don't try to escape. It'll only make it worse.
i've been having this major problem with my parents. i mean, they want to move to a different state. they said it has a way better school and i'll get a bigger room....but then that's not what im worried about.
i've lived in this area for going on two years (the longest i've ever been in one place) and i've changed. i've made more friends than i ever did, i've reinvented me. and if i move away, all of it would be pointless. i'd start self-harming for sure ( i just stopped thanks to my awesome bf 
I say just try and sum up all your courage and talk to your parents about staying there =) . It seems your heart and joy is set on where you are right now so I say you try your best to stay there. If you still want to see your family I'm sure you could see them every now and then =) .
I had the same problem. My parents want to move 6 hours away and I want to stay where I am. What I did was talk to my parents and explain to them what I want and they understood. Im now staying where I am and they are moving at the end of this year. Im still going to see them whenever I can.

All I can say that you do is talk to your parents. Im sure they will understand if you explain things to them
thanks
Now I may not be an expert at advice, but I'd be happy to listen to your problems and do my best to give you advice because I might as well do some good with the life that has been forced on me. Go for it, I wont laugh
i have too many problems
Such as?...
i have attempted suicide 7 times, i hate my life, hate my family, im depressed, i have insomnia and alot of other shit is wrong with me
Oh geez, that's a big load of crap you have to carry. So what do you hate about your family?
They are a bunch of judgemental fuckwits who judge my sexuality and my clothing ! they can all die
					
					

Aw, im sorry to hear that. But no matter what they think, you should be yourself, cuz thats wut your true friends will love you for.
il always be myself they dont like it they can get fucked
Mm nice decision. Other people have no right to judge you. If anything, dressing darkly is a dare to people to see if they are willing to truly look inside a person. Do you have any really good friends? Or something that you really enjoy?
i have aaaalllloooootttt of promlems idk if i should say them i mean if you think you can haddle it??
My fingers are always cold.
What do?
My fingers are always cold.What do?wear gloves
wear gloves lolzz maybe already tried te he jks gloves sounds like a good idea....
what is it we will all try to help
my problem is my Ex i am still inlove with him even to i said i have moved on and bullshitted to my freinds about it
Heh. Usually I'm the one trying to help out my friends...Anyway, my problems..I did something bad on Saturday that I'm ashamed of.What was it?Well, I haven't cut myself or tried to harm myself in any way in three months (death of my dearest, attempted suicide.)On Saturday, I got hit by a car. I jumped in front of said car.Why?Pent up depression and anger that I never show.Honk honk-Gamzee
its ok to do something like that i did when i was ten and i broke my leg and a few ribs did u get hurt?
dont feel ashamed everyone dose something stupid
oh thats Bad XD
don't worry about the past worry about the pressent not the future too just keep your head down low and your hopes up high
i have aaaalllloooootttt of promlems idk if i should say them i mean if you think you can haddle it??Maybe, mayse not. But thaz what I'm here for, so shoot
-Burst into Tears- Snickers im so sad. My Problems are Over Flowing
Aww*hugs* come on, tell da snickers bar
I my life is Fuking Awful!!!
Why is that? *hugs, pats head*
Well i recently lost my bestfriend Nilo to suicide ! Nilo meant everythingg to me he was my babyboy, i loved him more then anythingg and his boyfriend pushed him over the edge and i lost him, i was to late to save him ='( Now im getting the urge to cut again ='(
I'm so sorry. But I'm sure that Nilo wouldn't want you to start cutting again. Even though it is a way to block out the pain, I think you should face the issue and hit it straight on. Keep on living and breathing. Try and be as happy as you can be and live life to the fullest, because who knows when our time in this world will be up.
I  Agree Tiffy
Thank you, Milky Way's. Now its your turn!
What why??
Because.
what? i dnt like Burdeoning pple with my problems...
I'm so sorry. But I'm sure that Nilo wouldn't want you to start cutting again. Even though it is a way to block out the pain, I think you should face the issue and hit it straight on. Keep on living and breathing. Try and be as happy as you can be and live life to the fullest, because who knows when our time in this world will be up.Ive lost all hope and all my happiness ! I wanna be with Nilo
You will be someday. But that day isnt today, Tiffy. You will be to gether when it is time to be together
what? i dnt like Burdeoning pple with my problems...I dont mind. Thats what I started this For
yeah. but it makes me feel...idk weak i guess
You will be someday. But that day isnt today, Tiffy. You will be to gether when it is time to be togetherI DONT EVER want to be happy again ive lost it ! My happiness was Nilo
Correction- your happiness IS Nilo. Just because he isn't with you, here, doesn't mean that he can't be your happiness
yeah. but it makes me feel...idk weak i guessWeak or not, that doesn't matter. Telling someone about yourself isn't weakness. Your problems make you you. No one will think badly of you for telling your story
Blehh i guess.
Correction- your happiness IS Nilo. Just because he isn't with you, here, doesn't mean that he can't be your happinessI dont feel happt without knowing his alive so i give up on being happy
Come on then. I'm all ears
I dont feel happt without knowing his alive so i give up on being happyNever give up on being happy. It may seem like life hates you, but things can always get better. At least promise me you'll wait and see how things go
I dont know Nilo was my life !

Brad is suppose to be my boyfriend and he doesnt care his too busy chatting up exes to care about me
i have attempted suicide 7 times, i hate my life, hate my family, im depressed, i have insomnia and alot of other shit is wrong with me i know how it feels. i tried too. im abused and treated like nothing by my family. i know i dont know you but i know how you feel. :/ life will never make sense
Then tell him that. He should be by your side right now. Let him know that you need him right now
They are a bunch of judgemental fuckwits who judge my sexuality and my clothing ! they can all die i know it sucks.
Agreed
meh to
Youre avoiding the topic, Milkyway!!!
And who cares!! Snickers?? This ish about Tiffy rite now
If I stand up too quickly I get dizzy
And who cares!! Snickers?? This ish about Tiffy rite nowFine, fine. Later!!! You will tell me
If I stand up too quickly I get dizzyDont stand up too quickly and drink lots of water. Make sure to sleep plenty
LOl ok Snickers
Dont forget that you r next!!!
Meh???
Yes! And you would not be burdening me with problems! In fact, by putting your problems on me, it lessens my own burden, see?
Gahhhhh!!!!
Leahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh come on! U'll feel fuzzy inside when you tell a snickers bar about your issues. You dont even have to be specific -hugs-
					
					

i wouldnt at all
I haz wayyyyyy to manii problemss, but shall we start with the one thats taunting my every choice? The guy I love is dating my best friend 
Dont tell me to tell him my feelings, he knows i do, i told him. And he really likes me, but he doesnt want to hurt arianna... (my best friend) And now, he doesnt hang out with me anymore, cause he doesn't want Arianna to get mad (hes my reallyyyy good friend too) But he's chooing her over me  And I'm not really talking to Arianna anymore, so im starting to ignore them both, but it's hard, ughh
I haz wayyyyyy to manii problemss, but shall we start with the one thats taunting my every choice? The guy I love is dating my best friend Dont tell me to tell him my feelings, he knows i do, i told him. And he really likes me, but he doesnt want to hurt arianna... (my best friend) And now, he doesnt hang out with me anymore, cause he doesn't want Arianna to get mad (hes my reallyyyy good friend too) But he's chooing her over me  And I'm not really talking to Arianna anymore, so im starting to ignore them both, but it's hard, ughhDont lose your best friend over love....! Boyfriends/Girlfriends Come and go. Friends Do Not. Its hard to find good friends these days. Even if you hate seeing her with him at least be her friend at the very least. Most people who lose their friend over love regret it very much. Dont be one of those victims. You can never replace her as a friend so I think the best thing to do at the very least would be staying friends. Love makes you do some crazy things. But this feeling will pass for him but your friendship with her wont.
hmm i cant sleep at night at all and when i do i mumble and pratically go into a coma
Iam starting to lose hope
my biggest problem is that no one can accept me for who i am...
I can't exactly ignore or tell my problem to piss off anymore, let's just put it like that. To explain my problem so that you would understand it, you would practically have to know half of my life story, and I'm not exactly comfortable with that, hehe. '
i freaking hate my life too!!! bashed by parents, seperated from lil sis, raped, hospitalized, cut, burnt, no family
I have post traumatic stress disorder, severe anxiety, depression, ADD, im a little schitoizfrenic, i have anorexia and bulimia and Iconstantlu pull my hair out, it's not noticeable though.. I've attempted suicide 7 times, my parents hate me because I'm not 'who they wanted me to be' at school my teachers are always telling me I will fail because I'm emo. I cut, it's all down my legs. Lastnight I tried to break my arm. I'm still trying. My boyfriend doesn't know. And he's always telling me how he thinks self harmers are pathetic and attention seeking, and it's gross and stupid and selfish... I used to have friend, now I wonder around on my own, it's ok, more time to think..my parents, when I'm upset they say 'it's not like you have problem, you stupid fucking child!
my biggest problem is that no one can accept me for who i am...I accept you for who you are :3 xx
I like a guy but his eyes are always moving onto the next girl and I know its smart to just move on and forget about him but when I think of his good traits and how they outnumber his bad ones, I can't stop thinking about him.

my problem is instead of waiting for love i destroyed every bond i make, i decide on impulse and i destroy anything i get close too including myself, i drink, smoke, do drugs, cut, burn, brake bones on pourpouse, stay in bad realashionships, get used, make people hate me, lie, cheat, steal, the one person in this world i hate is the scumm typeing this message hes useless, fat, and ugly the best thing he can do is make people feel better about them selves by saying at least im better than him and i see the world as a dark desolent wasteland filled with damned soals and lost causes ive died twice and almost died 4 times od 3 times and givven up countless times if you have an awnser please enlighten me cuz  as a nother door closes mine will soon be forever closed

p.s i was called a demond by the girl i love today because i told her i need t fucous on me atm and cant help her till i can help myself
life just sucks in general. For me, there's no movitvation to get up in the morning. I look down at my wrist and think, "What the hell have you done to yourself?" I'm ashamed of what I did, yet I want it so badly. Ever since he broke my heart, I haven't been the same. He was my everything, and still is. But when the day is done, and I look back, I know I'll never have him. I blame myself for this, because it is my fault. It's my fault my mother hates me. It's my fault my father left me so many years ago. It's my fault he will never look at me the same way again. I don't know where to go, or what to do. I hate this....
ive been at my worst lately the cutting isn't making me feel any better , painting how i feel isn't working like usaual and my boyfreind and me aren't seeing eye to eye on the cutting thing so he isn't that much help but i still love him and my role model killed him self after ninemonths of my life so i feel that its all my fult i just wanna let go and die
but i was just wanting to know dose anyone out there know a really quick way to die with heaps of pain involved?or  can anybody help with new ideas to relese my pain with out having to die or killing myself???
pm me if you have an idea
ive been at my worst lately the cutting isn't making me feel any better , painting how i feel isn't working like usaual and my boyfreind and me aren't seeing eye to eye on the cutting thing so he isn't that much help but i still love him and my role model killed him self after ninemonths of my life so i feel that its all my fult i just wanna let go and diebut i was just wanting to know dose anyone out there know a really quick way to die with heaps of pain involved?or  can anybody help with new ideas to relese my pain with out having to die or killing myself???pm me if you have an idea    DW i kinda got a big shock after reading this aloud to myself and think about it its how i feel i shouldn't of put this up i was in one of my states i felt useless so i had to do XDi will be fine I hope XD
yeah, i dont know anyone who would tell you how to die anyway.
but your good so yay!
yeah but for how long
how ever long i make you
hehe yeah but sometimes its hard to hold onto the faith i have left i will slip into the shadows and die
the darkness is your friend, it hides you, it protects you, it's the light that burns
its where mushi hide
Where? Those who fear he darkness are the ones who fall
well i don't fear the darkness   i love the darkness its just if one satys in the dark for to long the mushi eat that humans eyes
but i am no human so i have nothing to fear
well i am a Dino-soar so yeah but i can change into a human
why would you want to change into a human?
so i can drink humans blood easer coz i can get closser
that is a good point
hehe
now you've made me crave blood, aaah, why did you have to say that?
hehe coz i can get blood when ever i want to lol sorry
i can get my own, but that's nothing i get that all the time, but i crave other peoples blood..... aaah
same people blood you know you can't have it sucks
now i drew blood.....
yummy blood got me drooling
love the smell of blood
i love blood, the smell, the taste, the texture and i love how long the taste stays in my mouth for
yeah i love every thing about it
yeah, the amount of blood i've drank....probably a litre by now in the last few minutes, i feel great
yep whos blood u drinking and how out of the bottle,blood pouch or body
my own body, i dont think mum will let me get a bottle or blood pouch of blood, i usually drink my own
and if i had a bottle or blood pouch it wouldn't last very long
yeah they don't when ever my freinds bleed i usaual drink it or lick it off them XD YUMMY
*sigh* no one would let me do that
not that i have any friends here
do u want me to move near u and go to the same school and be your freind
YEEESSSS!!! I would love that!!! but you cant can you
no mums put me in house arrset but maybe we could still email and write letters to each other
writing letters wont work, i have horrible handwriting, no one will be able to read it
lol same well we can pm each other and email can u get on ep when at school
yep definately, i dunno what periods though
i can get on any time coz i got a school laptop
same, but some periods, i have someone always overlooking my shoulder and sometimes we aren't allowed to you our laptops
oh ok awesome just send me a timetable kk and i will send one back
huh, what do you mean?
like what period your allowed on and i will send you one coz i do agg and a torch class
ok himme a minute
oh kk
i sent it, i took ageeees
same lol
yep

nearly 1000 posts :DDDDDDDD
heh go you didn't take that long ive got 455 post
thanks to my help
yeah thanks to you XD

hehe XD
woot
rawr XD thank you sean XD
your welcome  ... what am i being thanked for?
for Keeping my post up as well
haha  damn right
lol rawr XD

rock paper sticks
DYNAMITE
bomb
EXPLOSION!!!
DOGGYYY
KITTY!!!
dino-soar
i love how it's always in serious discussion where we do this Xp
well once we stetle the matter at hand it gose crazy and fun and i can't help ROLFL
( someone put a virus on my computer....either that or it's just....dunno
i hate them XZ
it's a good thing i dont have epilepsy

what ever they did, my screen constantly flashes, only on the internet though
thats stupid
i fixed it
awesome  XD
yeah take that fail hacker!!
its funny at school when everyone tries to hack the system and they get caught and i would just be like told you so
haha
yeah and they come to me goingfix this fix that
haha
yeah XD
i hope theres NOBODY that will tell u how 2 kill ur self but i feel like that now and wat i do 2 distract myself from suicidal thoughts is wear myself out like run around or go somewhere far frompeople and break as many things as possible until ur tired then u think more about sleep than dying
ok ok im belimic "think i spelled that wrong" i make myself throw up! i dont like it but every time i eat something w/ alot of calories its gotten so bad that i dont have to make myself throw up it jst happens but i learned to not eat alot but eat stuff that is healthy like salads n fruits honestly i dont think me or u have a eating disorder i jst think we r self conscious about our self's trust me ur not fat u have to keep telling ur self that over n over until u realize it before i was 125 pounds i felt fat so i lost weight n became 99 pounds i could see my bones n im still recovering im now 115 pounds ikr kinda sad but plzzz dont do  wat i did make ur self believe n know ur perfect now matter wat size u r!c:
um i sorta have a eating disorder where i ca go a really long time without even worrying about food dont worry your not the only whos thought that over the summer i gained alot of weight i was 132 and felt bad so i sorta stoped eating alot for a while now im 112 so yea dont worry you may talk to me if you want c:
I dont jugde, ever. I kinda think I have an eating disorder also. So, if you'd like to talk to me, Im a great listener and I'll help the best way that I can
Oh God, I totally understand what you're feeling. Lately, I have been feeling SO bad about my weight... I feel like I absolutely HATE my stomach and my legs. And I have gained 4 pounds and it's making me feel hopeless... as if I'm just getting farther away from my goal. I'm 5 feet 4 and a half inches tall and as of now I think I weigh 128. In the past year I've lost 30 pounds and then gained a little back and it's frustrating. My goal is 115. Logically, I know that my worrying and obsessing and crying and stress is all ridiculous and that this goal is in no way out of reach-I mean realistically it's perfectly fine. But I still cannot shake the constant nagging in my brain. There's this constant voice telling me not to eat this and that. And then I do anyway and I feel so bad about it and endlessly obsess over it afterwards. There is this constant voice saying look at yourself. you wont be happy until you lose that weight.  I've been told I have a distorted body image. The funny thing is, It's a huge contradiction. I KNOW I DO. But I can't do anything about it. I have this constant battle between what I know and what I feel. In the past I have made myself not eat for periods of time in order to lose weight. This is probably categorized as anorexia. I fucking hate the fact that I always seem to be battling myself. Whether it be with self harm or body image... it fucking sucks. As soon as I stray from self-harm, something new starts up again. All of this anxiety is killing me. At least I don't have to take on both at once. The sad thing is that I know I don't have to lose weight to make myself any healthier.. my bmi is perfect. It's sad because I just want to know what it's like to be the ideal version of myself. I want to know what it's like to be comfortable in my own skin. I think I like myself but I need to learn to love myself. God, it's hard. I'm working on it. I'm trying, I really am. And to all of you, thank you for listening. Thank you so much. And I hope you all realize that you're fucking beautiful and PERFECT just the way you are.
you can talk to me anytime hun
Im starting to think I'm most definitely bulimic. I binge and then I take laxatives like crazy.. And I try to force myself not to eat. Dx I'm tired of obsessing over my weight and I guess I feel like if I lose a whole bunch that my problem will go away. That's probably really stupid. And not eating makes me feel so in control but carbs comfort me. This cycle never ends. I never wanted to become this- the girl with the normal weight who got an eating disorder. The girl who obsessed over her belly fat every minute of the day. It's really taking it's toll. I can't even stand myself anymore. My friends.. they know I have problems with food but I don't think they can really see the extent that it tears  me to. I'll eat a shit load of food when I'm around them sometimes during certain occasions such as sleepovers and parties but I'm complaining about my weight to them right after the meal. And I think being around them outside of school helps my self esteem. It makes me feel like a real person I guess. Instead of how I used to feel sitting in my room all alone at 150 pounds at 5'2. 
Now I'm 5'4.5 and 122-123
My mind is eating itself alive and deteriorating fast. I'm becoming such a perfectionist.
Heck, Im even starting to ace quizzes at school.
Im not cutting anymore. But my brain is still battling itself for "control."
I need some sort of CONTROL.
Just binged earlier and drinking laxative tea right now.
but not just one tea bag, THREE.
I feel like Ive got to get this food out of me fast. Im just not alright anymore. I had an anxiety attack the other day and fell to the floor in tears. And I get paranoia episodes too. Can anyone else please tell me I'm not alone?
Shit just skip that. Tell me how I can change. And not just a little. Tell me how I can escape without dying.
Well I guess I'm happy that I'm losing weight but it's really the obsession that's taking over my life that I can't stand. I'm 121 now. and my height is the same as before.
eat god dammit just not to much
I don't eat as much as i should. Just whenever i get hungry.
Once I didn't eat for a week. That's probably the longest I go without eating.
I skip on meals but not enough to harm me or threaten my life.
I think that's anorexia.
Im anerexic but im slowly getting over it
i don't judge so feel free to talk to me
I am almost developing a disorder. The past few months I have really begone to hate my weight. I'm about 20-30 pounds heavier than I should be. So I am eating less and less. I went from eating a medium breakfast+lunch and a large dinner to a small breakfast, no lunch, and a medium dinner ( I only eat about half of what is given to me). I think my biggest problem is my metabolism, but I don't know.
I've been working on a paper about eating disorders. I've kinda started worrying about myself because I've read stuff about Eating Disorders Not Otherwise Specified (EDNOS). I have most of the symptoms of anorexia, except for amenorrhea (not having your period). That and I'm still at a healthy weight for my height and age and such. I'm on the edge though. I think if I lose 10 more pounds, I'll be classified as underweight. I tend to only eat when I'm hungry, too, and I don't really eat much when I do. I can eat like one meal a day and be fine until the next. I usually eat two though. School lunch and whatever my grandma makes.
I've been eating too much since I was a kid and I always felt fat and I gained like 30 pounds for the las 3 years and I'm getting worried. So I decided to eat less at home and school. But the biggest problem is at school because it has great food and I couldnt help myself for it :'(
For now on I will only eat little portion of breakfast, no lunch (unless I'm really really hungry) and eat dinner without seconds, and stay away from junk food and candy
I always ate alot as a kid and my parents made fun of me for it.. ive never been overweight according to the doctors, but im not satisfied with my weight either. I have some strange addiction to doing things that are wrong to prove im not afraid to do it... so when i started noticing my stomach was rounded, I threw up for the first time.. I stopped eating and went from 121 to 106 in just a few weeks.. then i gave in and ate my heart out till i was 113... now im back up to 119 and trying to lose weight.. I know its not healthy, but I cant resist... I think tthe perfect weight is to see your ribs.. 
Hey you! Yeah you..I know you wouldn't like to hear this...but. I have gotten grasp of my sanity. See.. Take a momentDo you see what I do? Deep beauty. So strong my eyes are unable to handle So may i close them.. But i resist to close them at your presence.It hurts to know that you are my happiness. You are so far from me. You are my oxygen. And i can't breathe .Beauty so strong.. It has destroyed my eyes.Why are you blinded, Do you not see that my heart is pure?Why must you leave me here Alone to Bleed.You told me not to be a downer. But tell me how. Without you.I'm being pathetic. You are misunderstandingYou knew all along i was alone .. you waited a while to not hear my voice.. to avoid hearing me say the truth for me not to pain you. for me not to say i have always had no one . But feelings are beginning to fade.  I CANNOT SULK. I NEVER HAD YOU.Wtf am I doing?
Our stories are written everyday. Not like we can stop them.The times when you feel like dying. I know I can't cause people "need' me.... People want me to be here...But were you here for me.. No. All of us are dropped like flies. One by one each day. If i die there may be a domino effect. So people call me selfish. Maybe I didn't ask to  be here...Why did I have to be the one created here? Did you not know that I am weak. Did you not know that my body is getting heavier.Yet whatever i feel must be ignored right. . . ?There was pain within me. I sugar-coat it.. make it sweet. I need to stop the this. It's surreal.Back when I knew there was no one I never tricked myself into thinking people carethen you get attached.Then you expect better of everyoneThen you are let down.Then you sit aloneYou think.You think too much. Then you are dying.
This should probably have been posted in the poems and lyrics forum, just so you know.
Perhaps so.
But it's good, strikes emotion.
But it's not really poetry. Well at least i dont consider it.
It looks and sounds like a poem :/ 
Way to ruin all I know to be poetry D:
Haha. I guess.
so people keep telling me that i have a eating disorder but really i dont i eat heaps well did they say how skinny i am and tell me that i should eat and then wen i eat and put on weight they tell me how fat and ugly my body looks so i start eating light then because im eating light i get told to eat more so i eat more so they tell me to eat less cant seem to please them so they have confused my mind so much that now wen i look at food i feel sick and think if i eat this ppl are going to judge or imm gunna be to fat to please ppl and if i dont eat i think well im gunna look to skinny and look ugly so i force my self to eat and ten i feel sick but i never throw up and if i do eat a big meal i will were baggy clothes to hid the lil bulge my tummy has after i eat im really confused and im trinna please my self and everyone else i really dont no what to do i was thinking about seeing a doctor or wat ever but really dont no were to turn or wich path to take any advice at alll would be greatly appreciatted

thanx guys
okay, people say that im too skinny. I try not to care about what people say, and i suggest you do the same. If you believe that you look good, who cares what others think, right?
yeah i guess but it just hurts coz u get that confidence that you look good then someone who judges you tells you different and just makes you wonder if is that wat everyone else thinks ya no wat i mean
I know what you mean. I tend to block out people's opinions about me. People passing judgement on me just doesn't seem to bother me nowadays for some reason.
yeah im tryin just need some new advice and thanx btw
oh no problem
xx
Know how that feels.. have my guardian and she is amazing.... experiences expirences but times do come when it gets better... all dark tunnels have a light at the end but some are longer then others
Amen to that.  It seems so never-ending.  But im glad i have my girlie.
I bet u r stay happy my newly found friend... lol
one problem for me i can barely trust people from all the things that have happened but slowly im learning to trust people again but its just abit hard if you know wat i mean..
but other then that this is inspirational 
I still dont trust people.  Its so hard.  After being screwed over so many times, sincerity is hard to detect.  You just have to work at it.  Im struggling with it, but i going to keep going cause i want to trust again.  Keep working at it hun 
Trust is hard to give out the only way u no its true is if u detect it in heart.. I have lots of ppl who trust me and i won't betray them cause they are likeppl I love be careful with trust... its a powerful and painful thing
I still dont trust people.  Its so hard.  After being screwed over so many times, sincerity is hard to detect.  You just have to work at it.  Im struggling with it, but i going to keep going cause i want to trust again.  Keep working at it hun 
Years.  It will take years before youre finally halfway okay.  I dont think you (and me) will ever be completely alright, and these feelings and trust issues will aways be dormant inside us, but we can fight through it and live normally.
Right. And I'll be whisked away to Narnia.
I've been on this particular road for years. I think I'm actually getting worse .
No one have been through everything, not even 10% of the whole thing.All problems are Simple along with their solutions., its just the way of perceting it that is complicated.one can understand the other without experiencing same thing.Rev, don't hate on this one, they're just trying to help...No human experiences the same memories or moments.That's given.
Rev, don't hate on this one, they're just trying to help...No human experiences the same memories or moments.That's given.I didn't hate anything, and im also trying to helpTrue, but you can understand the Situation, except the feelings as they are not needed to help someone. The more you look at that experience using your mind alone, the better you can help that person who is Troubled by his/her feelings and can't think clearly.So i think, the best help would come from one who hasn't experienced what you did, Rational thinking always get good solutions.and you just said it; No human experiences the same memories or moments, no one can experience same things as another, no matter how close their situations are, There will still a big difference, and thats it if you believe that people are different.
					
					

I didn't hate anything, and im also trying to helpTrue, but you can understand the Situation, except the feelings as they are not needed to help someone. The more you look at that experience using your mind alone, the better you can help that person who is Troubled by his/her feelings and can't think clearly.So i think, the best help would come from one who hasn't experienced what you did, Rational thinking always get good solutions.Lol I didn't mean you actually hated any of it.. I forget that not everyone uses the same terms as I do .
Lol I didn't mean you actually hated any of it.. I forget that not everyone uses the same terms as I do .
Yay :DDD
Lol peeps i wrote this because i know that it helps knowing that not everyone else has a nice life.  And also to encourge people to get help, cause ive lost more people than i can even remember to suicide.
Yep. Haven't we all. Nice thread though.
Glad to finally see that you're doing better Chloe.
Thank you!   I am too.  I finally feel okay most of the time :]
Good.
I've been doing so well lately, but I still have this intense feeling of hatred for people. I'm trying to keep people out.  I've dropped most of my friends and do everything I can to keep people from getting in my life.  I'm not sure why.  I thought I was doing well, but this is killing me.  A feeling like this can drive me to bad places.  Hate was the one emotion I was trying to get rid of, but it won't go away.
Please do keep posts within the rules.. however..

Hatred of people is understandable, however making yourself alone does NOT solve that because it doesn't give people the chance to prove that some are better than others. You may hate some people but not everyone out there is neccessarily a bad person and many witll care, love or support you also. The only way to actually be happy is to move past that hate, and the only way to accomplish that is to man up and get your ass out there socialising and trying to find nice people.

Give people chances, take risks, wait for the right people to come along and prove it was worth it.

Please do not reply with your 'experiences' and how you've 'tried' or anything about how long you've already waited... these are the usual replies and seriously do not apply to someone your age. Not saying you WERE going to say that but many do and I just wanted to clear it up in advance.
Hate is a part of being human. Deal with it. 
Inner urges are hell. 
But, oh well.
i don't mean to sound stupid but i seriously hate my life, i have a loving family some good friends and i'm at a good school, no one gets it i dont even get it i should be soo happpy but i'm no,t my life is just spiraling out of control, all i can do is cry and self harm, whats the point in living if its so miserable i mean after all life is just a thing its our choice. i dont want to be here i'm depressed and i think i have bipolar no one wants to help. what the fuck do you even do when you're friends say attention seeker and you're family just ignore it alltogether????
Ah I'm bipolar too. I have friends, but we've got a litle drama.. anyways, people are school bully me because I cut myself, yeah they think I want attention but really I just want to fade away. If your friends are saying that to you, they're not your friends. A friend is someone who'll sit there and try to understand what's wrong, rather than judging you for what they think they know. Whenever a fit comes onto me, I can feel it. Kinda like pressure about to be released.  What I do, is notify a friend and I'll simply try to laugh. Friends are actually quite an important factor when it comes to depression. Sometimes they can make you or break you. Often it helps if your friends understand so that they can level with you, rather than look down on you. There's always a point in living, it may be right in front of you, you just don't realize it yet. It takes a lot to see clearly sometimes, and sometimes the sorrow benefits you. I really hope I helped you, and if you wanna talk, pm me anytime.
thanks so much this is really good advice and it helps
Im also bipolar. I ask this question to myself many times. My life is shit. No one loves me. I hate my life!
We have to stand together my friends,   "Sunt lacrimae rerum"- Tears attend trials
i am bipolar. its fun. no seriously, its fun....
D:  what's fun about hugging your friend and then pushing them in front of a bus screaming "I FUCKING HATE YOU BITCH!!!!!" 
It's not  fun to not know your emotions and to not be able to control them whatsoever.
It's not fun.
You must not be very bipolar because if you were you would never call it fun.
D:  what's fun about hugging your friend and then pushing them in front of a bus screaming "I FUCKING HATE YOU BITCH!!!!!"It's not  fun to not know your emotions and to not be able to control them whatsoever.It's not fun.You must not be very bipolar because if you were you would never call it fun.i was obviously using sarcasm. *sigh* so hard to convey tone over the internet.
Lol okie dokie, just making sure
See thats just what you think trust me ive been there before I felt like nobody cares about me and im worthless but it took my best friend to open my eyes theres ppl that will be greatly affected if you were no longer there like family and friends and things could be way worse for you think about the possibilities or the illness you could have been born with or you could be blind or something I know its hard but try to look at the beautiful things in this earh and appreciate it cuz oneday your not gonna be able to smell the flowers or hug your best friends or kiss your boyfriend/girlfriend or eat cake so just keep your head high and try to think of the posotives....
i hate people calling me an attenchion seeker just because i usedto smoke and i self harm  dont do it for the attenchion i do it because its wat i want
Yes.. at my school, some girls saw my wrists, well, not only that but I dress with emo style, so of course I was targeted. Anyway, one day in my art class one of the girls turns her back to me to talk to her friend and says "God, I wish all these emos would kill themselves already, nobody wants them, and no one cares, they're stupid for cutting themselves just to get attention." She did the motions and everything.. I suppose we all know what it feels like to be judged, to be called attention whores when we're just trying to release some of the pressure that daily life puts on us! It's hard for other people to understand, people who haven't lived in the same shadow that we have...
~ Dear Liz,		  You're sterotyping yourself, no offense, but you are not emo. Those people--the true emo's-- have serious shit wrong with them, and in all truth, you and those other posing assholes--not that you're an asshole-- calling yourselves "Emo" is just wrong. I have no intention of arguing with you over this and in all truth, you can't caps lock me to death, so I would say it'd be in your best interest to just stop and let it go, because I won't reply to anything after this. Use your free will as you please, I'm not here to judge, but don't push that shit on me saying you are emo or that some dude with dyed black hair and too tight black jeans are emo, and you're so depressed and gothic and shit. I do not care, and it actually annoys me, because I know people who have serious problems, and those people online make their life even harder. Please don't message me anymore, I'm waiting for an author of a good book I like to message me back over a question. I saw the notice and freaked out thinking I'd get answers. Have a good night, Liz, I hope I didn't hurt your feelings, and maybe even gave you some insight.(P.S. A puppy doesn't even need to be emo, they're adorable and sweet and evoke the best emotions in the world. So kind of a crappy excuse for flip out. Night, Tigger.)-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------MY RESPONSE THAT I WILL NEVER TELL HER.~ Dear Madison,	  You are my friend. But you dont know me. You can keep your opinions Maddy, if I'm anything, I'm not a poser. And by the way, for you to assume that any person who dresses in black and calls themself emo is either an asshole fake or someone with mental problems, well then I think you have a problem. I know I will never get through to you, but for you to say something to me like this is a real shit move. I know you think that my life was perfect, but I wasnt. This the happiest I've ever been In my life; I never had a childhood, I had a cage. And do you know what it feels like to have someone you love's life put into your hands? For to be told by a doctor that, "She might make it. Might." or to be asked "Should we pull the plug?". Have you ever seen a dead person Madison? Was it someone who took care of you since day one? Have you ever given CPR to a corpse? Were you alone when it happened? Did the ten minutes it took for the ambulance to arrive feel like a million years when you are all alone. Have you ever felt loneliness? Did the world turn it's back on you? From the moment you were born? Did they all destroy you, ripping and shredding and stomping on your heart untill it wasnt there anymore? How about this; Have you ever been beaten by a woman you barely knew for being a spoiled slut who needed to learn manners when you where five years old? Are you scared of yourself more than anything in the world, because you still want to live but the most dangerous thing to your life is yourself? Did you used to cry at night because you were so afraid that no one would ever help you when you knew you couldnt do it alone? Do you know pain Madison? Do you know what it's like when you've cried so many times you litterly have no more tears to shed? Have you ever hated yourself?	  And do you think that you could get through it? That you would, by some miracle, survive yourself? What doesnt kill you makes you stronger. Would you be proud of every scar on your wrist and the one on the side of your neck even though they will never fade? Do you think you could learn to love yourself again after you've killed your own mother?!?!   I am no poser Maddy, I am real.
She did, in fact, hurt my feelings
Well hey, underage sex is bad, I know. And it's worse when you get pregnant. But what's even worse is when you are considering the option of being pregnant :/ And there you have me- panicking. Because even if I am pregnant, then it would be my ex boyfriend's baby who hates my guts at the moment and is going out with my ex best friend D: I've taken tests but they never worked. It's not that they showed a negative result- it'the the fact that they never worked at all. As if they were broken.
Help, help HELP!
is there a planned parenthood like thing there you can get a real doctor test done?
I think so, yeah. I think I might go to a place called Brook in my town and they do underage testing and stuff like that ...
i hope everything turns out okay c: just be prepared for anything
Thanks  I dropped in yesterday and they said that it's all clear so.. no babies and no worries for me :}
omgoshh dont kill yourself or even trie i tried and i am now in a psychward okay it's not worth it just get an obortion your worth it
Dont kill ur self its not right its awful to think tht
think bout the people u love
think bout the people u loveKind of late to help don't you think?

Very Good Video, But All i have to say is FUCK RELIGION!
why the fuck does the door keeping moving in the background its freaking me out
Religion is ok and all I don't get into church that much
Very Good Video, But All i have to say is FUCK RELIGION!Second thisto lazy to type and dnt wont to waste words on religion
You guys are atheists/agnostics?

Me too 
Hurray!
oh, how come??? o_0
I'm in a roman catholic country. They think atheists/agnostics are associated with the "devil"
ohhh, theyre soooooo wrong.
I know. There are so many things they are wrong about )
KEITHS TAKE OVERS!!!! xD lmfgao
It sounds to me like you are rejecting Organized / Revealed Religion, but you want to believe in a Supreme Being (or multiple Supreme Beings; either way). This is Deism. We believe in God, but we do not believe in any church, holy book, prophets, etc. We don't believe that God reveals Himself to mankind. You should check it out. This is a "Religion" that boomed during the Age of Enlightenment, with many prominent philosophers supporting it. Many US founders were Deists, too. Just to name a few of the most famous Deists (though not necessarily famous for their views): Cicero, Voltaire, Thomas Paine, John Locke, George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, James Madison, etc.Essentially, Deism says that logic and Reason can support the existence of a God. Deism breaks down into Classical ("Clockwork") Deism, Pandeism (belief that the Universe is God), Panendeism (belief that the Universe is part of God), Spiritual Deism, Neo-Classical Deism, etc. No one really falls perfectly into a category. I write articles on Deism for a local new site. Also, your accent is awesome. :smug:As our Deist forefather Thomas Paine said, "Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man."EDIT: And now time for some amusing pictures related to the video and to Religion in general...


o__o like wtfs. all leah got out of this waaaassss...
desim(or wtfevers) ish other form of christines(or wtfevers) but the differents ish. they believe in god another way :l 
still all Bull. still a waste of time. still imagenary friends  
someone needs to wake up and smell the milk . 
and another thing :3 
GOD CAN CHOKE ON MY NONEXISTINT DICK AND DIE!!!!!  
thats all.
Lolz Deism is definitely not another form of anything. It's much closer to Atheism than anything.  Deism states quite simply that Reason and evidence lead us to the conclusion that God exists.

EDIT: You all seem pretty sure of yourselves.  Most Atheists don't claim to know that God exists--only that they can't tell if He does. So if you are so sure that He doesn't, I'd love to hear your proof. 


Deism is not even close to Atheism. Atheists Do not believe in any form of Deity/the supernatural. Deism is the belief in a god. So therefore that automatically excludes it being anything close to atheism. Its just as close to Christianity as any other religion that believes in a so called god. There is no single Shred of Evidence that supports any of these so called gods ever existed. Atheist's uses evidence to support the fact that no god does exist. While your doing the exact opposite as any other Religion would do and try and find just the littlest of Evidence you have just to support that your so called deity exists. So your not any different than any other Christian, Muslim, Jew, whatever. You take your Idea of religion as well as all your other beliefs and shove it down people's throats. But you're so god damn close minded about it all. If you cant be open-minded to the littlest of an Extent you wont listen to the person your talking to. Everything they say goes right over your head and you continue to ramble about your bullshit sob story about your precious so-called god. You cant be an Atheist and be close-minded. It doesn't work that way. Atheists take a look at the scientific evidence as well as the religious side of view. And they use that evidence to cancel out the existence of your god/ supernatural.  Which most Atheist's have been religious at some point in their life. Which is why they reject they idea of a god as well as the supernatural. Which is why so many Atheist's stand so strong and militant when it comes to their views. Because they have researched both sides instead of like most religious people they only stick to one side. Their religious side; they use their holy books and shit to support their beliefs. Atheists have scientific evidence as well as facts to support their claims that no god does exist.


Oh, and just one more thing for you, bud...

Deism is open-minded. It's classified as Freethinking. The fact that you merely assert that we are close-minded and "shove it down people's throats" really proves how little you know about Deism, and how close-minded you are about it. As soon as you heard we believe in God you jumped to those conclusions, but none of that is true. Deism examines the evidence and concludes that it is more probable that God exists than that He doesn't. This isn't based on argument from authority as all Organized/Revealed Religion is, and as some forms of Atheism are, but it is based on the Reason and rationality found in the individual. It makes sense to believe in a Creator, so we believe in a Creator. We don't go to church, listen to sermons, etc. We don't shove it down people's throats or force others to believe like OR/RR do. Again: we're secularists. After all, the Deists founded the United States, and they gave us separation of church and state. If we were so eager to shove it down your throats, why would we do that?

No one is born into Deism. It's something we choose after evaluating the facts and abandoning our old views and coming to support Reason. And how can you say that we don't listen, it all goes over our heads? Aren't we discussing it right now? Aren't I presenting my evidence--while you're just blindly making assertions without any? I'm still waiting for yours. I argue with Theists and Atheists all the time, and it's the same story over and over... "If you're not one of us, you are blind and refuse to listen to anything." Well, no. We Deists are sitting here waiting, patiently, telling you that we want to listen, we want to talk about it, but no one will. You guys just fling around insults instead. We try to have civil discourse with you, but you say we're blind and won't listen. What is there to listen to if you refuse to present your side? This is case in point. I'm still waiting. 

The worst part about your entire post was where you talked about Religions using holy books. As already stated many times, DEISM HAS NO HOLY BOOK. We believe quite specifically that God does NOT reveal Himself to us, there are NO prophets, NO holy books, NO miracles, and NO revelation whatsoever. The only thing that God gave us, unforgeable and unchangeable by Man, is Creation itself.
					
					

What's close to Atheism is Agnosticism.
Hello, Revealed Religion. XD
lol. I like the picture  ^
Religion is really stupid. It creates boundaries and wars between people who should love and get along with one another (or at least COEXIST.) Religion hasn't ever really done anything for me. My mom was raised as a Hindu but actually an atheist and my biological father was the type of "atheist" who sorta believes in the possibility of ANYTHING... like aliens and conspiracy...etc. My stepdad now is a Hindu but nonreligious. A huge portion of my family from my father's side are very devoted Christians and try ti shove anything down my throat. I think the majority of them think I am a Christian. If they thought I wasn't they'd all have heart attacks. Also, I was raised and still remain (by choice) a vegetarian all my life so my ethical beliefs often don't mix very well with popular Christian belief. I actually find it insulting knowing that the Christians I know think I'm going to hell. I guess it's not to be taken personally but it bothers me a lot. I don't agree with many things in the bible and I ultimately don't believe that Jesus is the son of God. Like I said, for me it's not just Christianity. I'm just able to reference it the most from my knowledge of it. I think that the universe is just too complex... too huge.. too infinite and knowing for us as humans who don't even quite know how some parts of our brains work yet to claim me know a God and how this planet came to be. In this ever expanding universe.. how can I claim to know a higher power? The truth is that it is just an emotional crutch. Humans just simply cannot take death as it seems from our knowledge and perspective. And we don't know what happens after we die.. So why are we so afraid? I don't believe in hell and I don't believe in the conventional "heaven," but I do believe that there is SOMETHING beyond whether it be involving us as humans or not. I guess you could call this faith? I base this vague hypothesis from my lack of ignorance and lack of understanding so I acknowledge that I may be wrong. This is just a theory. I don't worry about hell because it simply doesn't exist. And how could one favor one religion over the other based on "truth" when they themselves are walking dumb and blind by the rest of us? I have a conscience and I don't need a set of commandments to live right. Oh and when people ask me what religion I go by I say I'm an acosmist. 

Confusing enough eh?
Hey great post, I liked it, but I want to "challenge" you on one thing--that all Religion is just a crutch because we "cannot take death." I do agree that most of Religion falls into that scenario, but I think there are many religious ideas that don't.Take, for example, Taoism. Taoism doesn't even have a "God" (although many Taoists do profess Gods, they aren't Taoist Gods, if that makes sense). Taoists believe in the unity of the Universe, and that all lives come to an end, so you should just get the hell over it. XDDeists also don't claim to know anything about an afterlife. As Thomas Paine said, it seems more probable that I should continue to exist after this body dies than that I should have existed in the first place, but we will never know, and it really doesn't matter. It doesn't change the way we should live our lives, and it's not like knowing about it is somehow going to change an afterlife if one exists. It's just not for us to worry about.So, while I would agree that most Revealed Religions do stem from the insecurities, curiosities, and weaknesses of the human mind, I would stipulate that some Religions--especially Natural Religions--do not fall into that same categorization.All the same, yours was a good post.
I actually entirely agree. Some religions don't teach anything about an afterlife or a God and are a lot easier for me to respect. I read this book called "The Power" and it talks a lot about positive and negative frequencies,karma, and the law of attraction. That book had drastically changed how I interact with my innermost thoughts and with others and it helped me stay positive- however, sadly for me this only lasted for a few days. There are a lot of other religions like that that I would ave no problem looking into and educating myself on. I try to remain open minded and I just think that the major world religions don't offer that type of freedom.
well damn shawn prove it hahaha..umm I'm not anything xD so idc.
ha ha this doesnt make a difference but in my original post I meant "ignorance and lack of understanding"


I was thinking both at once so I typed "lack of ignorance"
lol I didn't even notice that! Lack of ignorance... No; there's PLENTY of ignorance to go around these days!
why the fuck are there demon passusions, and why is christian churches the only ones that can rid the demon
if you believe in ghost you believe beyond this world, at least think their something more out there than the law of physics
why the fuck have archeolgist gone out to search for things to prove the bible is wrong then find shit from the bible and start believing
they found the ark didnt they
argue against me
srry i sound like an asshole
im not going to prove anything that way
well yes i agree religion is shit sometime
people be like "Sacrifices!!"
or donate more money so you get into heavan
or God hate fags
i dont believe in religion i believe in God
					
					

yeah i heard about that man on the news
im srry i really need to shutup
and get my facts right before i try anything
but i meant as when the religion or church do wrong i dont like them
i know
im srry
i dont believe in religion i believe in Godthis girl is a true christian,now then why dont i jump into this arguement, or debate.One id like to second what she said, secondly ill tell you why i believe in God because quite frankly how can you deny that this world was created by a greater power, everywhere i look there is creative design from wind blowing the grass creating such a peaceful enviroment to a simple sunset every day i breath i see so many things that prove God works in our lives, the very fact that im breathing and thinking for one, even when i hear music. In my opinion any person that denies the existence of a higher power is just blind to everything around them, any person who thinks they control there own enviroment is just insecure and suffers undee the illusion of control we have no real power in this world, yes we think we run the universe but if that was true i wanna see us push away a hurricane, or stop an earthquake in its tracks. until you admit your powerless you cause your own stress and anger, once you admit that life is beyond your control and to go with the flow your just lying to yourself on a daily basis. I dont stress over a job or current events, i dont worry about food, or clothes or shelter, i worry about being a good person and let God do the rest. Is it so hard to admit that you have no control or power? for me its a peacful feeling not having to worry about whats gonna happen the next day or how im gonna eat, if idont eat its cool, if i dont sleep in a bed no big deal. your letting your own pride cause your own stress.
yeah i heard about that man on the newsim srry i really need to shutupand get my facts right before i try anythingbut i meant as when the religion or church do wrong i dont like themi knowim srry^Huh? I was supporting you. this girl is a true christian,now then why dont i jump into this arguement, or debate.One id like to second what she said, secondly ill tell you why i believe in God because quite frankly how can you deny that this world was created by a greater power, everywhere i look there is creative design from wind blowing the grass creating such a peaceful enviroment to a simple sunset every day i breath i see so many things that prove God works in our lives, the very fact that im breathing and thinking for one, even when i hear music. In my opinion any person that denies the existence of a higher power is just blind to everything around them, any person who thinks they control there own enviroment is just insecure and suffers undee the illusion of control we have no real power in this world, yes we think we run the universe but if that was true i wanna see us push away a hurricane, or stop an earthquake in its tracks. until you admit your powerless you cause your own stress and anger, once you admit that life is beyond your control and to go with the flow your just lying to yourself on a daily basis. I dont stress over a job or current events, i dont worry about food, or clothes or shelter, i worry about being a good person and let God do the rest. Is it so hard to admit that you have no control or power? for me its a peacful feeling not having to worry about whats gonna happen the next day or how im gonna eat, if idont eat its cool, if i dont sleep in a bed no big deal. your letting your own pride cause your own stress.^This post. It is good.
im really stupid sometimes
but thanks
but i still need to get more research done
really srry once again
and thank you very much shane

You say you hate to be judged, then you go Judging people and their religion
You say you hate haters, then you are HATING others
You say you hate being insulted and all, then you go insulting something people hold preciously


Please stop these contradictions.
do you care?
kony 2012??? what is that?
_________________________________________________________________________________________________
I wish i could get to torture tht evil bastard (scalp, skin, and slit his torso while he's suspended from chains so his inards drip onto the ground.) He deserves it for what he did to those poor kids in Ugandi! (Joseph Kony is a guy in Africa who started an uprising in his country. It was ok untill he started abducting small children, turning the girls into sex slaves and the boys to child soilders, and forcing them to kill their parents and mutilate other people in Africa. Kony 2012 is a organization/event tht wants 2 'Make Kony fameous' so ppl know about what he's doing to these poor kids and start protesting it so we can get more american troops out ther 2 stop tht evil, heartless, disgusting piece of shit by the name of Kony @PurpleWitch) I Care.

I care!!
This is old news. If you're gonna support, this at least inform yourselves properly.
					
					

This is old news. If you're gonna support, this at least inform yourselves properly.This.The anti-kony hype is both old, greatly exaggerated and the organisation in charge of Kony 2012 has more holes than swiss cheese. If you still wish to support it then by all means do, however it really is best to at least research the matter further before donating and/or taking action.
i dont care that much honestly. hes been doing this for years, and now (when hes not as active as he was 10 years ago) everyones trying to stop him.
Okay look people. Have you seen what's going on? We have destroyed this earth and I need everyone to know that they can help, Okay well firstly, The ice caps are melting which is causing climate changes such as hotter weather, wetter in some parts of the world etc, And since their melting, the sea levels will rise which will cover a certain amount of land and people will become crammed into small areas which no one wants that.If bee's become extinct us human will only live on earth for 4 years.We use turf and coal, we put tar all over the green, we pollute the air and water, we kill tree's, animals and fish just to satisfy ourselves which i think is selfish for we are not the only ones on this earth, would you like your great children not to know what penguins are? Because their all going to die when the ice caps melt, and so will a lot humans so if you want to help, don't use as much energy, like turn off something if your not using it, same with water, put things in the bin  instead of throwing in on the ground for birds and rats to attack and possibly find some way to die with it, plant a few trees and just be nice to the earth


Isn't this mostly common knowledge? But then you need to be aware the 'use less' approach isn't a fix to global warming at all, it's just slowing down the process... but the timer is still ticking dear.
oh well....Ill be dead before the earth is completely destroyed o.o
True true, but alot of people don't give a shit

how have we destroyed the earth? O.o w
Man-made climate change has been debunked enough. Heat causes an increase in CO2 due to the release of trapped CO2, not the other way around.In fact, the CO2 hikes of the past have come AFTER the temperature hikes...Dumbasses.
honestly i dont care about the enviroment
My girlfriend fucking cheated on me, she went to go hang out with her "friend" to get ice cream and they kissed in her car and I just don't even fucking know right now I was crying and now I'm numb...
Fuck my former idea not to post.

Look, I know you're hurt but this sort of thing happens. You should talk to her about it. You may be able to work something out, if you want. You've just got to consider your heart and think with logic. Can she be trusted? Are you willing to try again? It all comes down to what you want. Honestly, if a person cheats on you then they never deserved you in the first place. The pain you feel right now will heal. It always does. Right now, the best thing for you to do is think. Think hard about how this impacts your life. Weigh the pros and cons of the situation at hand. Don't make irrational decisions and stay on your feet. Stay strong because that's how us women were built.
lesbians = sex friends, so whats the deal ? you want her to be yours and alone ?

If you don't what to do, just ask her to be hmmm.....straight with you and tell her what she meant by her acts ?
Oooh I forgot to say, Keep in mind that 90% of the people that cheat one time, eventually do it again.
Oooh I forgot to say, Keep in mind that 90% of the people that cheat one time, eventually do it again.Statistics or Experience ?
Dont go back with her honey!  Chances are she'll do it again.  And since she already did it, she probably doesnt care about you or love you like you deserve you.  Youll find someone better. Youre probably an amazing girl that anyone would want 
Statistics or Experience ?statistics. I have this relationship class I have to take.
Thank you Suicidedoll and Chloeisme! for your support, I still don't know what I'm gonna do but me and her are defintely gonna need to talk about it more.
And revolution777 what do you mean by lesbians=sex friends? I find that really offensive
Kick her ass amigo. Peeps like that never work out.
Lmao! Yeah, it just seems that everyone cheats these days and to avoid and give up on them is to be alone
Thank you Suicidedoll and Chloeisme! for your support, I still don't know what I'm gonna do but me and her are defintely gonna need to talk about it more.And revolution777 what do you mean by lesbians=sex friends? I find that really offensiveNo problem hun  This is what I'm here for I hope you feel better

I really hope it works out for you!  :]  And i agree that the lesbians=sex friends comment was kind of screwed up.  Sorry, i just think thats slightly rude and ignorant!
Ah guys I agree Rev shouldn't have said that, but he didn't mean to insult anyone .
I didn't meant to offend anyone, i just...hmm, forget about it. but please accept my apologizes.
See. Told you guys no harm was meant
Okay I accept your apology
If she did dat to u ditch her. Since she did it she doesnt care bout ur feelings n she doesnt care bout ur loyalty so fuck her. U deserve sumone who will care bout u, not sumone who will ditch u without a second thought...
I know, a lot o people told me to leave her
But we've decided to work through it, it's been really rough, but we love each other and I don't just want to give up...I've seen how this has effected her and I can tell she's genuinely dying inside...
sigh..... I feel like I have dependent personality disorder and I feel like I want sex way too much and I hate it cause it is causing gf problems grrrawr
chill.  it seems to me like you worry too much. i used to do the same thing. maybe just put some distance between u and ur gf for a couple days, and just relax. solutions always come quicker to my mind when i'm calm.
I can't take a break from a certain relationship... did it once and I was cheated on so im not risking that again....
nAWWHHH its ok just get a hobby
i have a hobbie.. abunch of em... lol
no offense, but if she cheats, then she's not worth your time. i didn't mean break up, just give each other a little space, or try to talk it out with her, whichever seems best.
seriously i agree^^^^^^^ If she really likes you for real,
she won't do anything to heart you,cuz that would heart her,
I honestly don't know where to begin with this. But, humanity has sent this Earth to Hell. It seems to me that human greed has taken over the world, everything humans do is out of greed. It always ends up as such. It's just.. well we have noticed that the human population is increasing and as that increases, competition increases, and as competition increases, as does violence and the human need to survive. It's so sickening, we're just a bunch of animals. Humans have always been regarded as 'superior' because of our more complex level of brain function over the other beings on this planet. Animals are actually better than us, really, at least they do only what they must to survive. We do what we do out of greed, an unquenchable selfishness that has twisted this planet into Hell. As I said to someone earlier, we fight wars, for what? Freedom? More like, human greed. Again, we are not satisfied with what we have. We fight over oil, which makes it easier to live, when our ancestors found other ways to get by, using oils at a bare minimum. They didn't need planes, or cars, they used horses or walked. At least they weren't obese. . Long ago, it was about raising a family and getting a job. Not about getting the newest model of the IPhone. Look at how much the world has changed. Of course, our further study in medicine has helped, at least. I can't help but think of the rise of crime throughout the world and wonder what will become of humanity, in the centuries to come? Sometimes I'm worried that I'll live to see humanity at its final breaking point. Maybe I won't though. I feel awful for whichever generation our actions will impact the most, perhaps all the generations to come, at this rate. Nowadays, if you don't believe in the same thing as another group of people, innocent people get murdered. Yes, I am referring to terrorism. It's strange how we allow freedom of religion in our country and yet, terrorists don't care. The world is  sick and fascinating. Just look at how fast the world is changing. Hope humanity can keep up..
I'd really love to argue like hell over this matter, however, it would not be wise seeing as how there's been a disturbance in my bipolar o.O All I'm going to say is that was my personal belief- not yours. I did not ask you to critize me. Ooohh so you're saying I'm stupid? Thanks  aren't you just a friendly person. It does not matter that those listed above were not invented at that time, I'm saying things might have been better off had they not been invented. The video was just an added bonus. *sigh* but I suppose everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but uh how would you know that animals are greedy? There are no obvious signs of actual greed among the other species..
I'm just going to say...bollocks.
Also, there is no greed among other species, because there's no sentience among other species.
Greed is a trait of sentience.

LAWYERED.
Also, there is no greed among other species, because there's no sentience among other species.Greed is a trait of sentience.LAWYERED.I wont argue your second point  since I don't know enough on that.. however... since greed is a concept created by humanity then surely the human perspective on how an animal acts would derive greed also? Not just the internal motors of the animal at hand but our perception of it's actions in comparison to ours.
i was orginally gonna post about humanity but...doll person snowdoll critizes eveything.(you just gotta learn to deal) and im pretty sure he wasnt calling you stupid. so don't get all pissy over it kay? 

on the humanity thing....well honestly i believe technology will be the downfall of it.  just look how people depend on it more than themselves...

and i also think animals have greed. animals fight each other to get unmarked land or to even take land.(just like humans) they fight for food as humans fight for money. .-. hell if animals could speak and had more thought process they could be humans.
I have to say this whole conversation is complete bullshit, animals show lots of greed if you've lived on a farm you d see the bigger pig shove the tiny pig away and eat all the food, you'd see the alpha ram have all the sheep while the smaller is tossed to the side. And if you really wanna get into it what are the three things humans show compassion for?  One the elderly because they are wise, two the sick to help them get better, three the young to protect the future. Now what are three things predatory animals target? The elderly because they are slow, the sick because they are cripple, the young because they are inexperienced. You try and shame humanity as it is now why dont you look at Europe during the dark ages? A lot worse. The only good thing about the past was it was a simpler time. But you need to stop dwelling in the past and look towards the future. You mention all the bad but none of or very little of the good.
So much hate packed into one post lol. You ma'am, why do you hate humanity for change? I've read your other post about "Revelution," and you claim to want to change, however; you seem to be against it in this post o-o Not only that but you harp on points that aren't true. o-o
We Simply lost the Balance, our instincts and The true meaning of Developpement
There are too much to say about this subject, but i'd rather talk about it Face-to-face.
NO! NO! NO! NO! ALL YOU PEOPLE...STOP SAYIN THAT THIS IS HUMANITYS FAULT..THE REASON THE WORLD IS SHIT AS IT IS TODAY IS BC MOST PEOPLE SAY ALOT OF CRAP ABOUT SAVE THE EARTH AN ALL THIS SHIT, BUT YAH KNOW...FROM GATHERED INFORMATION...ALL THE PEOPLE WHO SAY ALL THIS SHIT ABOUT THE HUMANITYS FAULT...WELL WHERE ARE THEY??? NO ONE HERE HAS THE BALLS TO STAND THE FUCK UP AN SAY HEY YAH KNOW...LETS NOT "SAY" ITS OUR FAULT AN THT WE SENT IT TO HELL...LETS ACTUALLY DO SOMTHIN ABOUT IT...I FOR ONE BELIEVE THAT IF THERES A PROBLEM....LETS SOLVE IT..NOT BE LIL WINEY BABIES LETS DO SOMTHING.....COME ON...DO SOMTHING!!!!!!!!!!
NO! NO! NO! NO! ALL YOU PEOPLE...STOP SAYIN THAT THIS IS HUMANITYS FAULT..THE REASON THE WORLD IS SHIT AS IT IS TODAY IS BC MOST PEOPLE SAY ALOT OF CRAP ABOUT SAVE THE EARTH AN ALL THIS SHIT, BUT YAH KNOW...FROM GATHERED INFORMATION...ALL THE PEOPLE WHO SAY ALL THIS SHIT ABOUT THE HUMANITYS FAULT...WELL WHERE ARE THEY??? NO ONE HERE HAS THE BALLS TO STAND THE FUCK UP AN SAY HEY YAH KNOW...LETS NOT "SAY" ITS OUR FAULT AN THT WE SENT IT TO HELL...LETS ACTUALLY DO SOMTHIN ABOUT IT...I FOR ONE BELIEVE THAT IF THERES A PROBLEM....LETS SOLVE IT..NOT BE LIL WINEY BABIES LETS DO SOMTHING.....COME ON...DO SOMTHING!!!!!!!!!!Then Start by changing your Profile Picture.

Not this again... -.- -sigh-

It's not going away, the story in its own is quite inspiring.

The whole campaign is "kinda late"... even seen machine gun preacher? Yeah... 2011.... people can make these vids all they like to support the cause... but mr butler already gone done it.
I heard that of the money donated to the cause, only 1/3 is actually given to the people in need.
That's how most charities work. Sadly.
However, the fact remains that the people are ignorant of the world around them. Something needs to be done. Someone needs to take a step forward.
					
					

However, the fact remains that the people are ignorant of the world around them. Something needs to be done. Someone needs to take a step forward.You have completely ignored my comment. A POPULAR actor released a movie on all of this last year. People aren't ignorant.. millions have seen it. A professional movie dedicated to this specific topic during 2011. This is not an underground movement trying to enlighten the world, please don't believe everything a youtube video tells you.
I would suggest you research further into the whole cause and organization.
The video itself is outdated and inaccurate.
I love how Preachers looks annoying in People eyes.
Mlle SuicideDoll, The thing is peopel knows their problems, But the problem is that they Ignore it, Steadly accept it, then With all their Pleasure Enjoy it. this is an age Where Reality and apperance are too Different things, so Do not stop preaching, Just Change the Style.
Like I know this is random but it's about to change the world :/ starting with the U.S.
I'm not really into all this but .... it's really about to happen.
So like yeah there are 800 of these camps set up around the United States.
Like for prisoners.
Terrorists actually.
You see, there is about to me a law passed.
You can be arrested and held  for as long as they want you to be held and you don't even get a phone call.
Sucks really.
So like, there goes the English Bill of Rights.
Anyone suspected of being a terrorist
(this includes anti abbortionists .
actually that was a rumor that was proven false
actually that was a rumor that was proven falseNo I saw the website.. and I've talked to quite a few people.Though it wouldn't surprise me. This country is already going to hell anyways.
Yea the country is going to hell because the new generation lacks patriotism, nobody wants to go vote nobody wants to get committees together anymore
That only applies for actual terrorists - if you are an American Citizen; you are exempt from being treated as a Terrorist unless at minimal; you're thought to be Conspiring of Terrorism, which is usually looked into before you're arrested (and you'd never know you're being investigated in the first place, there are times when such is false, and nothing happens to you)Also - don't "start with America"; Look at Europe, we're simply "next" to have hard times hit.Yea the country is going to hell because the new generation lacks patriotism, nobody wants to go vote nobody wants to get committees together anymoreThe new generation(s) have no idea what such things are and likely never will, or rather a vast majority wont so they will just demand change until the country fits their own selfish ideas, instead of moving somewhere that primarily agrees with all of their beliefs.
its their right
It sucks because the new generation is fucking stupid.No offense to anyone. (o:Honk.
Second-handers fucked this country. Shitheads who call us a democracy, when our founders hated the sort of democracy they mean. We're a Republic.

America: Love it, or leave it.
Second-handers fucked this country. Shitheads who call us a democracy, when our founders hated the sort of democracy they mean. We're a Republic.America: Love it, or leave it.The dilusion of free choice is like a cow choosing the right lane or the left lane.Both lead to the slaughterhouse.And honestly, America is a shit hole."The people should not fear their goverrnment. The government should fear their people." - V
The dilusion of free choice is like a cow choosing the right lane or the left lane.Both lead to the slaughterhouse.And honestly, America is a shit hole."The people should not fear their goverrnment. The government should fear their people." - VThat's really quite a stupid thing to say. Not all paths lead to the same end. And what's more, the conditions of the civil society restrict free choice to the extent that it encroaches on the liberties of others. Such is the nature of a society based on Negative Rights.It's retards who believe in Statism that need to realize that the government is made of people do.And America, though it is a shit hole these days, is still the best country on the face of the earth... Because others are just that bad.
That's really quite a stupid thing to say. Not all paths lead to the same end. And what's more, the conditions of the civil society restrict free choice to the extent that it encroaches on the liberties of others. Such is the nature of a society based on Negative Rights.It's retards who believe in Statism that need to realize that the government is made of people do.And America, though it is a shit hole these days, is still the best country on the face of the earth... Because others are just that bad.Are you fucking kidding me?I'd rather live in the USSR.And yes, all paths do lead to the same path, eventually.Whichever choice you make, you're eventually going to die anyway.And do tell me, why do you say America is the best country on the face of the earth?
The sum of your choices do not lead to death. Death is the end--a place you go when you're done walking down paths. Whether or not I buy an iPod or a new computer doesn't affect that. It doesn't lead to it.The American Republic is the best country because of our system of government. Because of the Republic. Because of the Federalist Papers. The fools who administer that system are corrupt, but they are not the country, and they are not the government--they are the governors. They violated our social contract through their corruption, and in that betrayal, we are now Occupied America. And that happened long before the OWS shitheads came along. The one, true Republic, as it was designed, is a system of Negative Rights, of the Civil Society, of Capitalism, of Libertarianism. If we would adhere to the principles of our Constitution and the Federalist Papers, we would be still be the greatest country ever to have existed. But the ignorant pro-Democracy types (which is just as bad as any form of Statism) have ruined us--and still, we're less screwed up than the other countries of the world. Sadly, that may change if Mr. B-O gets 4 more years of stinking up our White House. _
The sum of your choices do not lead to death. Death is the end--a place you go when you're done walking down paths. Whether or not I buy an iPod or a new computer doesn't affect that. It doesn't lead to it.The American Republic is the best country because of our system of government. Because of the Republic. Because of the Federalist Papers. The fools who administer that system are corrupt, but they are not the country, and they are not the government--they are the governors. They violated our social contract through their corruption, and in that betrayal, we are now Occupied America. And that happened long before the OWS shitheads came along. The one, true Republic, as it was designed, is a system of Negative Rights, of the Civil Society, of Capitalism, of Libertarianism. If we would adhere to the principles of our Constitution and the Federalist Papers, we would be still be the greatest country ever to have existed. But the ignorant pro-Democracy types (which is just as bad as any form of Statism) have ruined us--and still, we're less screwed up than the other countries of the world. Sadly, that may change if Mr. B-O gets 4 more years of stinking up our White House. _The cow chooses the right or left lane.Niether will affect him.He will die either way.That's what I mean.And tell me, why don't you like Obama?Tell me.I want a legitimate answer.
Like I know this is random but it's about to change the world :/ starting with the U.S.I'm not really into all this but .... it's really about to happen.So like yeah there are 800 of these camps set up around the United States.Like for prisoners.Terrorists actually.You see, there is about to me a law passed.You can be arrested and held  for as long as they want you to be held and you don't even get a phone call.Sucks really.So like, there goes the English Bill of Rights.Anyone suspected of being a terrorist(this includes anti abbortionists .
Perhaps not
The Usa is just a step for the Growth of a certain country.
And just so that guys know, There was never Freedome in the USA....
I've never been in a situation like this before and it suckss and I need advice....so I have a girlfriend and we've been together for a couple months now...were happy and everything and I know she loves me and she always talks about our future together
Then all of a sudden... This other guy who I used to have a thing with confesses his love for me basically...and I'm stuck...I feel like a douchebag and a coward for not being able to choose cuz I do have feelings for both of them...I'm gonna split in two I swear someone pleaser help me
Well look talk to them both without the other knowing and see which one has a stronger pull on ur heart... one will be greater then the other just listen and feel ur heart.... other then that hope things get better.. I'm here if u need to talk
The thing is I think the one with the greater pull on my heart is the worse for me....well I'll have to decide sooner or later haha thank you
Be happy with your current girl. I don't know the exact situation but you say you used to have a thing with him, i.e. it clearly didn't go so well as opposed to with your current girlfriend who you seem to be going great with (especially since you're always on about the future). If it's really so hard to do this then try to remind yourself you're doing it because you're a good person, a faithful person and you'd never want to betray your gf (which this would mean doing if you went with him).
I know, your right. I actually don't know why things didn't work out with me and him the first time...it just wasn't going anywhere but not really anyone's fault. I would never cheat on anyone, I would make a decision before seeing him....but the thing is I think I have stronger feelings for him and it's hard cuz I don't want to, idk it's a mess. I'll prob end up staying with her cuz I can't imagine ever hurting or breaking up with anyone :/
Sry i was no help  lol snow put my words to shame with his meqningful ones
I know, your right. I actually don't know why things didn't work out with me and him the first time...it just wasn't going anywhere but not really anyone's fault. I would never cheat on anyone, I would make a decision before seeing him....but the thing is I think I have stronger feelings for him and it's hard cuz I don't want to, idk it's a mess. I'll prob end up staying with her cuz I can't imagine ever hurting or breaking up with anyone :/Well at the end of the day, happiness needs to be long-term, right? Feelings or not it would... seem... to the casual observer (i.e. me) that being with him would only end in you feeling empty/bored at some point and moving on, whereas with her you mention discussing the future, you know she loves you and that you've been together for a few months - much more solid grounds for long-term happiness.
Oh yeah, I totally agree that with her it would be long term and with him it would be short term..... I just don't know where the happiness would go, I mean I'm happy with her...but happier with him, he just gives me feelings that she doesn't...do you think that as our relationship grows I'll feel those things with her?
Of course u will... things just take time
Oh yeah, I totally agree that with her it would be long term and with him it would be short term..... I just don't know where the happiness would go, I mean I'm happy with her...but happier with him, he just gives me feelings that she doesn't...do you think that as our relationship grows I'll feel those things with her?Yes of course  good things come with time and it honestly seems like you're happy with her, don't throw that away.
Okay guys, thanks
Lol I'm just a early teen hehe
Just want to get your opinion on this. I for one, believe that there are some changes that need to occur within America's school system.
I've noticed that we don't use half the material we have in our textbooks... it seems to be a waste of money...
Also, I think that teacher evaluation standards should be changed. I've got the craziest of teachers. Sometimes, the history teacher forgets she even has students in her class. The system doesn't seem to concerned for which teachers act as substitutes, sometimes our teachers can't teach the subject, or help us in the slightest way. They simply reply " I don't know how to do geometry, so..."  yeah. it's annoying. In fact, our Geometry teacher had to leave for awhile because she was having a baby.. anyway, she left us with this random teacher for a quarter that made up the work he had us do. Like, one time he asked us to cut a doughnut into 9 pieces using three cuts. Yes, because that has everything to  do with the perimeter of a triangle. *sigh* It just bothers me, ya know? Especially the things that directly affect student learning. I also hate that some of our teachers don't even seem to care about our learning, we need help, we ask, they don't stop. Some do, but not all. Also, I've noticed that when all this money is going into 'education' it seems to be going towards new 'innovative' ideas that confuse students more than ever. They keep changing everything around from the way things used to be done. No regard with the rate of understanding among the actual students. Some of these new 'innovative' ideas are plain ridiculous.

What's your view?
Way ahead of you.

Right on the dot.
ha its not only america XP

Australia has text books but we dont learn half the shit in there .
Not sure of the details of those scores (on the left) but they do seem a little off to me unless certain standards have radically dropped over recent years, which I didn't think they had.Yup, we just continue to fall, but the scores came for a legit test. When I ran the numbers though, I was surprised to see that America scored higher than average in any of the sections. Of course China kinda ripped everyone off by just using certain areas instead of a fair distribution.
Yup, we just continue to fall, but the scores came for a legit test. When I ran the numbers though, I was surprised to see that America scored higher than average in any of the sections. Of course China kinda ripped everyone off by just using certain areas instead of a fair distribution.I would also expect it to be a little biased anyways. English and American higher education gets proportionally higher ratings compared to many other countries while this study is targeted at the 15 age group, i.e before that. Though I understand the point is to target an age group where everyone is still in school it is important to note that it does handicap those countries with reputable colleges and universities instead of just schools.In fact, looking at current 'rankings' (since I don't know the precise criteria in the study) it shows UK and US practically dominating the tables on higher education, with other european countries and china/japan still doing ok, but considerably lower.
Alright, so if this is good.. then uh...  it seems that no one can find a suitable way to formulate an educational system. But, also, recently it was found that some of the states in the U.S were cheating on certain state tests. I'm sure an end was put to that after Georgia was found guilty last year, was it? Whatever the case, I feel like the money that is supposed to go towards education is being wasted. Snow, you are correct about Geometry being a subject that needs some revision. I believe that also History, of all kinds, needs to be revised. Right now it seems like the goverment in the U.S  is more focused on teaching children to read, which is understandable because that's quite an important skill. However, later on in Middle or High school, students need to be taught the geography and background history of where they live. My classes are so retarded that me being in the grade I am, can't take histories until next year. Too many classes for one day, apparently. I've also heard that the GED is being done away with, which came as a slight disappointment to me. I say this because I'm uncertain whether the students who have already dropped out of highschool will still get to take their GED or if they have to go back to school. I mean, my brother is one of those people. He's in the middle of studying for his GED. and what about people who are paying for GED prep classes? I get that the gov thinks that it'll lower highschool dropout rates and all, but this will not be good for people who have already taken their GED. That'll put them at a disadvantage. Though, who's to say that the DO rate will decrease? Maybe some students don't care about their education, their futures. Maybe it'll lower a little because they'll be a fear among faling highschool students but other than that.. oh crap I've been ranting haven't I?
I think this is off topic, but...it's related to school, at least ^-^
I think English teachers are crazy D:
It's like...we read something.
"The walls were painted blue."
At that, my english teacher goes off about how the main character is spiraling into depression and that's why the walls are blue, because blue is supposedly a sad color.
No. The author freaking meant the walls were painted blue.
diso;sjsdafso Makes me maddd D:
lol that reminds me of something we read earlier.. it was from A Raisin In The Sun. This dude had nicknamed this chick like Alaiyo, which is supposed to be  Yoruba for like  One For Whom Bread--- Food-- Is Not Enough.    My class had to guess what that really meant. God I have a retarded class.They were all"OOOOHHH HE BE CALLING HER FAT!!""Maybe they ran out of food in the fridge?""Maybe she can't get enough food."Yeah. Things like that xD it ACTUALLY had something to do with the girl finding herself, that the basics weren't good enough for her
Yeah, history is lacking.. but it's not just local history and geography. World history seems to be... something that a lot of people I've met over there just don't seem to know, or have a completely different take on it which the facts just don't support. This always comes to my attention when people brag about the U.S military.
Yeah, history is lacking.. but it's not just local history and geography. World history seems to be... something that a lot of people I've met over there just don't seem to know, or have a completely different take on it which the facts just don't support. This always comes to my attention when people brag about the U.S military.Yes that's why I said all histories. It's depressing. We had to take an American Citizenship test, ya know, just to see what we know.... people were scoring 2-4, Because I took the time to learn about the nation that I live in, I scored 10(scaled)  It's amazing what a book can do for you. Now I'm startimg to see people read less and less, which is quite disturbing. We have to look at our past in order to protect our future. Else we'll just make the same mistakes over and over again.
sigh... I want to break up with my gf but i dont want to hurt her :/ shes always being really indecisive and its starting to frustrate me..:/  any advice?

sorry if i wasnt any help .
yeah... i actually might talk to her about it tonight.. :/
in person...
yeah..
As a girl. I would want my boyfriend to break up with me by telling me in person or on the phone, NOT through a text or an e-mail. I would just want him to be strait forward with me. If I were you I would tell her how you feel. And just let her know strait up, and maybe give her another chance. If she doesn't go for that then well, it's over. But that's just MY personal point of view.
On January 31, 2010, Ryan Spencer killed Michelle Reed while driving home from a party. he was drunk, hit my cousin, and didnt even stop to help her! he is a major jackass and is gonna get whats coming to him.
exactly we all answer to some force whether it be God, Allah, or the universe, anger will not accomplish anything, so let ur feelings run true, and mourn for ur cousin
actually, i was talking about my, and a few hundred others, foot to his ass. but thanks.
revenge will lead u to no where
i know. i plan to ask him if he regrets it. not jail, but the pain he caused her and everyone who loved her. if he answers truthfully, yes, then i will not hurt him. and only if he says yes.
Well if he doesn't regret it, your foot to his ass isn't going to change anything, right? It's not going to change the fact that he's a total bastard. And if you're kicking his ass to make him say he regrets it, it's not genuine, so that doesnt really change anything either. However, if he says yes... I know it sounds hard but I honestly think you should try to forgive him. Because it's going to hurt both of you eventually if you don't forgive him. 
^
sorry if I sound like a bitch
Well if he doesn't regret it, your foot to his ass isn't going to change anything, right? It's not going to change the fact that he's a total bastard. And if you're kicking his ass to make him say he regrets it, it's not genuine, so that doesnt really change anything either. However, if he says yes... I know it sounds hard but I honestly think you should try to forgive him. Because it's going to hurt both of you eventually if you don't forgive him. ^sorry if I sound like a bitch im pretty sure Chelle would want me to forgive him. and im trying. but i just wanna know, deep down, that he understands the pain hes caused. and i dont wanna hate him. my anger just takes over when i think about it. i hope, one day, i can fully forgive him. for now, i just want him to feel remorse.
Well okay, I understand. Im truly sorry about what appened. :/
iv forgiven him. it was hard, but livin a hateful life doesnt accomplish anything. so i no longer want to kick his ass.
very good
yes, it is. its almost a year since she died, so im glad i can have some peace, even though i still miss her...
death is peace, from this horrible world
today is the 1 year anniversary of her death.i have felt her presence with me on and off all day, and somehow, that made today a little less sad.

I changed my mind. I will NEVER forgive him
Ok, so I was feeling really depressed, so I joined the speech team. It was fun, and I enjoyed it but I still felt like crap. Then I noticed another member, a senior. At first I just thought he was an interesting guy, but before I knew it, I was in love with him, irrevocably. Usually I am very confident and strong, but around him I shook and stuttered like  had never spoken before in my life! Then I realised, all the dark, suicidal thoughts were gone! Whenever I was around him, I felt an immense feeling of light and happiness. Just by being himself, being there, he had saved me from myself. So I told him how I felt, told him that I knew he probably didn't feel the same way, and you know what he said? He said "ok" like he didn't know what else to say. Then, a few weeks later, he said he was sorry we hadn't talked and asked if "we were cool'. I, like the fool I was, nodded, even though I knew I was lying to him. So, feeling like an idiot, I quit the speech team, and now he won't even look at me, let alone talk to me. I know I let him think I was ok, and I don't want him to think he hurt me, but I feel terrible because I don't know how he feels. And he's graduating soon, so this may be my last chance to talk to him, ever. I don't know what to do. I need advice!
					
					

If all he said was "ok" and to check if you were cool a few weeks later then it kinda sounds like he just sees you as a friend... you could try to poke for answers but in all honesty it's looking more like a no.
yeah... i know he doesn't feel the same way, but i just want to know if he'll ever feel comfortable around me again
he will soon or later he will see how amazing you are
Aww. thx!
its ok i am here to help XD
ur so sweet! thx.
Me and this guy I really like have been together for a year and I'm moving in about two months and its taken a big toll on the both of us. We barely see each other cause hes homeschooled and my dad is really strict and doesnt let me hang out with guys, well we normally get in those fights that arent really fights and then the next day everything is okay like it never happened. These "fights" end with us telling eachother that they are wrong and stuff like that. Well that happened Monday night and he opened up to me about how sad he is that Im leaving and how he thinks Im the one and how he doesnt think he can wait for me and how when I seen him Saturday night he felt like I didnt want to be with him and stuff, Im worried  that I have lost him because after he told me how horrible I make him feel he didnt reply to my text messages so I gave it two days and texted him and he hasnt replied. What should I do? I dont want to text him and annoy him if he doesnt want to talk to me but at the same time I wanna know if me and him are okay. Please help?
If he really loves you he'll come back to you! Just give him some time to think etc
ok so i was wondering if anyone knows how to stop being addicited to pills
Well the best way us just by sheer force of will other then that when u get an urge talk to someone..I'd be happy to chat....
The only ways I know are:
1. To tough it out and just stop taking them
2. To...idk, take less and less each day. Because I assume you take a lot if you're addicted. So take less until you can stop taking them.
3. Tell someone that can get you into a treatment thingie.
nawwhh thanks guys


Well the best way us just by sheer force of will other then that when u get an urge talk to someone..I'd be happy to chat....Less of this.Every time you talk about the pills you're just reminding yourself of them, which is the LAST thing you want to do if you're coming off them - you need to distract yourself, not obsess.2. To...idk, take less and less each day. Because I assume you take a lot if you're addicted. So take less until you can stop taking them.More of this.You should obviously speak to a doctor and the kind of pills you've been taking is important here too, if you just "stop taking them" in some act of sheer force then you could royally screw your body over. Going cold-turkey isn't just some kind of mental thing to get over sometimes. The safe route is usually to take less and less and less to weed yourself off the addiction - but again, do talk to a doctor as what you've been taking affects what you should do.
Not talk about them but talk when she feels an urge to take mind of.... I have sixteen therapist eight doctors and they make it worse
I have sixteen therapist and eight doctors... they make it worse
Firstly I'd be surprised if that's true... secondly that's completely besides the point... I didn't suggest talking to therapists at all, nor talking to doctors in that sense, only to discuss the pills in question - and I'm afraid that no, doctors have a lot more expertise than you on the effects of pills and this is important to know in this case, therefore they don't make it worse.
Wait read something ring I kinda lost my glasses hard to read n e thng
I went through this problem. I suggest lowering  the dosage of pills on a weekly basis, this generally allows the body to readjust to the compound. It always helps to talk about it, just be careful and whatever you do, don't stop taking the pills all at once because that can cause the addiction to heighten  or it can even kill you. Just take your time, go at your own pace. You just have to believe you can do this, you CAN do this. No one can make you stop taking these pills,it's up to you. I know you can do it.
March 3rd, 2012  4:45-4:51 amSo I was hanging out my window smoking a cigarette, and I see this black cat that's Lil Focker sized (my black cat/kitten) run by going towards my front door... I'm missing a black cat, around that size.And there is another thing it could be to me, but that's a whole different story itself.So anyway I go outside hoping its either of those. Nothing is there, so I call it, still nothing to be seen all around me. Yet out of nowhere my 3 cats that were locked inside watching me standing at the screen door started freaking out and growling... It could still be my one reason...but..doubtful D:But other than that... very very weird.... any thoughts on wtf just happened? I'm up for hearing ANY possibilities... Don't be afraid, you can message me if needed  
Its said that cats have the sixth sense and can see what we cant
that's very possible. That's why I trust my dogs or cat's reactions over my own.
Truthfully ever since I was young iv seen shadow people and other things... things that appear for a second then are gone like they were never there. For example, I saw a hideous rotting bloody corpse in my bathtub once, turned back around and it was gone.
If it was something paranormal (something only the cats saw) I was wondering if anyone on this site may know anything about a small black cat.
I dont want to hear about the black cat being "bad luck" like friday the 13th type things. I want to know if there is anything else that I should know. If seeing it means anything, etc.
But like I said it could also be my one thing, but, still so far it doesnt seem to be that.
I do live next to a cemetery... and I am dealing with a spirit messing around my boyfriends house. Weve came to understand the spirit is a child. But anyway I want to know about my cat...

Yeah I've had many paranormal experiences.. most people can't believe it.. until they see it with their own eyes. I didn't until I got dragged down a flight of stairs and into my basement. Now as for what the black cat may mean, it's true that the black cat is supposed to be a messenger of ill fortune and it very well could mean that something is about to happen in your life, some major event is about to unfold. Or it could be the other thing you fail to mention. Though usually, black dogs are said to be messengers from beyond. From Hell. But a cat may be a spirit. If it is then you need to figure out what it wants from you. Or else things may escalade. However, if so, then be careful. Dealing with spirits is said to be tricky.
The thing I failed to mention.   Ive had these 4 "imaginary" friends for as long as I can remember. When im alone I have a whole "second life" with them. I absolutely refuse to think they are just imaginary....I think it goes much much farther than that...However to this day they still arent more than imaginary.. im hoping they are "real" though and just refuse to appear to me yet..I may not be ready or something.
And anyway these friends can each come in a different form other than human, the main one... Is a black cat the size of my cat Lil Focker... So it fits perfectly....

I know dogs can be bad, for example seeing a black dog could mean you saw a hellhound. I have had experiences with those. But hardly ever a cat...

Something major is happening in my life and the final product is something really really major that I just heard fully about like an hourish after this whole incident. (Last night/this morning whatever ALOT happened)
Cats generally growl and hiss when another cat breaches their territory.... and given how small and agile most cats are it's hardly surprising the cat was out of view when you went to look for it .-.
Cats generally growl and hiss when another cat breaches their territory.... and given how small and agile most cats are it's hardly surprising the cat was out of view when you went to look for it .-.Lmao way to ruin it xDThat's what I first thought, but then again, you never know
Not the first person to say that. But no. All the cats around here come up to me, seeing as I have like 5 cats they know Il take care of them and feed them... even if it means later getting attacked :/ Plus my cats always look in the direction of the other cat when being pissed at it, or just run toward it, my cats even chase pitbulls away from my door.  BUT all of them were running in circles freakin out growling.
Plus there is no where a small bird, let alone cat, could hide by the time i was lookin for it
be philosophical and have fun haha
life is just millions of paths chosen by your actions leading to one destination destiny
pointless thread....
I think I'll just avoid this one.  It's just asking me to fight.
If I can't remember one of my past actions, does this mean that I am a different person? Is identity based on different body, different mind or a different soul?
dont fallow someone who would  get lost fallowing you
take one day at a time. someone throws words at you, make them bounce off. someone throws punches at you, beat the shit outta them. believe in you and your values.
This thread seems pointless.Everyone has a different philosophy, and very rarely will anyone agree.
O.O true
There are times where I just feel like I just can' connect with the rest of the world, alot of the time actually. I'm left standing in the rain wondering if I've walked the right paths. I've always tried to follow the truth but even so, it doesn't feel quiet right. It's like I'm not even here sometimes, maybe it's because I often wish this world was different. Does anyone else ever get pissed at murderers? Not just because what they did was wrong, but rather because they stopped a beating heart and that amazes me. I suffer as the world suffers, yet as it keeps going, I do as well. There's just so much pain that I wish I could absorb, just to see everyone smiling without worry. Oh how I wish it could be so.  Yet as much as I want to change the world I find myself simply standing in the rain once more, still and thoughtful. There's white gray and black. I always stay in the gray, I don't seem to have a choice. All I can do is try to keep everyone happy and that involves never taking sides. Oh, and I seriously admire those who stand for truth, those who do not lie for the sake of the world, the people who can stand up for themselves and for the people around them because I sure can't. I really try, but it's like clearing a path through unexplored territory, since I refuse to follow anyone else's path.  Sometimes, the world just hits you, ya know? Like, you may be looking at a person but are you really seeing them? Once you connect with the world,, once you relieve yourself of the burden called ignorance that heavily shuts your eyes,you'll be able to see humanity for what it is, it's something that I cannot grasp even a hint of a word to describe, you just have to feel it. It's suddenly like everything is much clearer, suddenly not one single thing found in existence is not important.   Haha sorry for the rant,I'd just love to see if anyone else thinks the way I do.Cause I'm weird :I
I need some help with cutting and other things. I've been cutting for about two and a half years and the longest I've ever gone without cutting is a month. I have sleeping problems and sometimes I'll take pills that make me really tired... My friends are worried about me and I don't want them to worry. Please help me... I need to stop 'cause lately I wanna cut deeper and more often.
I've started taking pictures of my cuts, so when I look at the pictures on my phone I'm reminded of how bad it is and how much I need to stop, and it helps a little, but sometimes it makes me miss cutting and I do it again. :/
Aye, I've been cutting a lot recently too. However, until I restarted, I had quit for nearly a year, so I know it can be done if you set your mind too it. But how... Hm... I don't know what you're using to cut, but if you only have a few sharp objects to do it with you can dispose of them so that they are unavailable in a moment of weakness. Similar ideas exist along that lines: take away the means. But that just makes it impossible to cut, which doesn't solve the problem of wanting to cut -- which is, in my opinion, more dangerous than the cutting itself.Routines are good. If you have a strong will, but just not strong enough to quit, you can create some sort of routine. A trade-off. Every time you cut, punish yourself. Nothing drastic. Just take away something you like for a while. You can make it mathematical and set in stone so that the punishment increases each time. For example, don't do something you like for a day the first time, two days the second time, etc. This is only a self-check system and relies on you to carry it out, but to be honest, the real goal isn't to dangle the punishment in front of you (I don't really believe in that), but to give you even more to think about when you cut. If you decide you believe in this system and want to use it, and then you cut, you won't want to accept the punishment: so you'll feel bad about breaking the system and will be less likely to cut. But if you do accept the punishment, then the punishment itself will make you less likely to cut.It's a psychological game no matter what. Lao Tzu said in the Tao Te Ching, "If you understand others you are smart. If you understand yourself you are illuminated." The fact that you posted here says a lot about this. You know you want to stop cutting, and you went to the extent of saving those pictures because you know that sometimes you DO want to cut. You understand how your mood can change and how you might even act different sometimes. You understand your own habits. So treat that like a different person for a minute... Pretend that you is a different person. Now think, what can you do to outsmart that person so they can't cut anymore? It's a psychological game, so you just need to defeat that part of your mind -- the part that has the urge or desire to cut. Just outsmart yourself. You can do it.
Thank you so much, I'll try and hopefully one day I'll be able to stop.
You're welcome.  I hope you find something that works! I'm pulling for you!
Ever heard of the butterfly project?
If you haven't, then this is all it is.
You draw pretty butterflies, wherever you cut, in ink.
No scrubbing them off, that's cheating.
They have to fade on their own...(The only flaw in this plan is that they fade.)
But you name the butterflies after people you love
And if you cut, you kill them.
So it's like you're killing the people you love.
If you have multiple butterflies, one cut kills all.

That's all I have, because I'm a kid, and I don't know people.
Yes, I have heard of the butterfly project, but I've never really done it :/ Maybe I should start. And I support To Write Love On Her Arms 
Twloha ftw 
It may not work, but it's still worth a try
i thought i was going to winterjam at a christian concert yesturday, where the two most wonderful people were going to be there and i had never been to a concert before, but my mom said no, i instantly began crying, i missed those people so unbelieveingly much, and they are the are only two people that make me happy, and one of them i had not seen in such a long time,also i knew it would be such a long time before i saw any of them out of school or not at all, and then the reasons why i couldn't go, my grandmother was anoyed that i was not a good enough granddaughter, and my uncle had attempted sucide, i cried until i went to sleep, thinking about everything, my uncle, how i can make my grandma more than pleased, how ive been such a horrible person, why didnt i say anything when my friend was doing drama and she thought the other person was doing wrong when she was too,the person i had not seen in a long time who i would of seen last night at the concert,how much i loved him and how ive messed up eveything in our relationship, the other wonderful person how the next time ill see her she must help me get more connected with God because he seems to be the only person that can help me right now,and how can i make it so more people make me happy which today i still have not figured it out, the bottle that i had been filling up for so long had finnally burst of overload, though there was warning signs in how i was that the bottle would, i didnt think much about it, now i have not much rarely left my bed or eaten much,i am still staring at the ceiling wondering what i shall do next, and yes by now i have been trying to bottle up again but i have done it so much i seem to do it naturally
i am telling you my pain as not for seek of attention but more as a young child would
everyone around me though it has only been a day, look as if they are moving forward and i am in a rut where all i want to do is just stay in bed and fix everything
this is probably only the begining although it feels its been a lifetime since the phone call from my mom yesturday
all this is easier to say on here than it is to any one that really knows me
it is easier to tell total strangers than the people surrounding me
i am in the goal of knowing all of you better but in that proccess i will become more distant from telling you how i feel at the same time
and though already i have not told anybody on here everything
i have officially gotten over it
My best friends little brother is going through cancer at the moment so for the Worlds Gretest Shave him, his step brother and I will be colouring our hair green to show support to cancer, particulary towards Aiden who is a very brave 15 year old. 
how sweet:D
i dont know how i could support
Mee soo sozy...
Mee give u hug
Thanks Chelza and Styrka, i can add the link if you wish?
Aww D: Sorry bout that.
My friend got an undercut, which is shaving part of her head, in honor of one of her really great friends that died of cancer.
i would wish
I shall get you the link ^.^
thx, imma see what i can donate
Aw thanks
I know someone who almost litterally showers once a month. Im not a clean freak but i can not stand not being clean. It makes my skin crawl at the thought of wollowing in my own filth, hell i shower when i get bored. But he says it doesnt bother him to only shower monthly... i personally think its discusting but i dont know how to convey it across to him that his lack in genural hygeine is disgusting without actually calling him disgusting... help? And what is your opinion on hygeine! I was raised that to wollow in your  own filth will practically hospitalize me in the end (i was a grommit.child) but he doesnt get that he will actually get sick...
I really think you need to just be like, "Dude, you're farking disgusting. Seriously. A shower. Get in one."
I might just have to yet...
Once a month?! Wow i thought it was pretty average to shower twice a day! lollol does he know that he should more or does he actually think thats normal?
He knows it isnt normal...
i keep on getting judged for who i am and what i do... and even getting judged for what people think i am and what they think i do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I't's annoying me so much i hate it!!!!!!!!!!!! i don't know what to do anymore i've tried everything it's all getting to much for me .
i'm the new girl at school and i'm also the only emo chic on 10th grade, and i'm always getting judged for what i am. What I do is be really ignorant cause i'm not going 2 change 4 those douchebags and even though it gets 2 me I just go with the flow and b deaf 2 whoever says what they think about me, even though they r wrong.... My advice is don't give any importance 2 what those people say about u cause they r not important in ur life and u have better things 2 worry about.  HOPE THIS KINDA HELPED!
wow similar situation im in yr 10 aswell o.O

haha

but yeah it helped alot thanks
I get judged too...not as the emo girl...but as the smart girl who people think that they can take advantage of...for example...last year the guy that I was in love with wanted to be my partner on the FINAL project of the year (even though it wasnt a group project) Just because he needed a good grade and I kept on getting good grades on projects....and he still uses the fact tht I still kinda like him to get me to do stuff for him or give him gum or to help him -__-

And then ugh...lets just say that my school is filled with preppy jockheads that are rich so they are snotty as hell and don't care about anything but themselve and sports..
sorry about late reply ..



and's i know what you mean by the jocks.. i go to a sports high school and im the onlyyyyyyyy emo chic in my school so i get so much shit off them because they think they are just so freaking awesome..
idk if you will like my advice, but you know like she said dont listen to what they say, but dont hate them for what they do cuz you may never really know them, their secrets, why they do things, maybe they are scared maybe thats all they know who knows, i see the world as everyone has their own stories to live, their weakness and their strenghts, there loses and their successes, and their own ways of figuring things out....
hater goin hate, but haters make ya famous. besides who gives 2 shit what they say, its ur life u live it not them
I agree with Night, all through life, nomatter your style there will be someone who thinks bad of it. Thats just the way it is, the only thing to do is realize that even if they think bad of you, it does not change who you are and really it does not effect things you care about. If they send you messages what does it really matter, its just a few words. As long as you are being yourself you have nothing to worry about
It really sucks to get judged, but it's gonna happen whether you're "popular" or an "outcast."
Most of the things people say, they say just to get under your skin, so ignore their crap.
See, I'm judging them. 

Yeah, so.
Bai nao. :3
@FalseMajestyyou are very right
everyone is a pickle
Everyone judges.
You judge, too.
Just don't worry about it.
thank guys
clap clap C:
clap clap C: thanks
I do. Theres some people wanting showing off. Rubbin things in your face. Don't let them keep doing that to you. You Have better things than what they have. For example; 
Person Whos showing off: have a red car
You: have friends. 

Which one have better thing? You or that person and why? 


I think its you because you have someone who's watch your back and have someone to hang out with. Even. When you're in relationship  enjoying your life. 
Car it's just a car move to one place to other. That's all nothing else :3 it's my opinions..
of course your absolutely right. there are some people in this world who prefer materials over to really know what it means to feel like living with people around you who trust totally. of course thats my opinion also ^__^
					
					

Okay, first you need to know, i self harm and have for about a year an a half. My boyfriend doesnt know this, but I tried to tell him and.... 

Last night me and my boyfriend were talking about people who self harm, and I was saying how it's not their fault. He said 'I hate self harmers, their selfish, pathetic and need to get a grip -.- it's stupid and ridiculous' I was like 'wtf' and he put the phone down -.-  I was saying before that I understood it, trying to hint to him. But no :'/ xx help? I can't trust him xx
Well it is stupid, and it's a shitty situation for anyone stuck in that vicious cycle.
While he may or may not have ever been addicted to cutting, he is still right about opposing it. And while very emotional people have to express themselves, cutting is ultimately unhealthy and is not the best way to go about it.
So i've finally decided to give up drinking alcohol = ) . Wish me luck =P .
GD LUCK TATERS!!!
Hope ya do well
you can do it we know you can we will support you every step of the way
good luck!
Good-Luck
Good Luck Taters ^.^ If you ever feel like drinking just think of the reasons and people you gave it up for and that shoudl help ay not drink ^^
Goods luck on quitings  u has a tough time aheads of u. To help u might want to substitute ur alcohol with another drink..
i need to get away from my dad, hes a bad person who hurts me, i have so many scars, and he's violated me, I CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE!!!! what can i do?
i think you shold consult a professional on this matter.
wtf ring the police (!) and get him done for assault.set up a video camerea to record him asualting , you as evidence.
					
					

Really good friends don't threathene to kill you if it was i would stop being friends with her and any letters she wrote you save them  it may come in handy and get someboby like a mom in on it
Sounds like a really abusive gf i had when I was much younger. 

i think you dissected this letter perfectly. Print it out and give it to her... maybe even along with our responses ^.^
Hey yall

i found out recently from a good friend of mine that someone very close to me fucked me over.

I was on the phone to her and she said 'you do know that he had sex with an underage chick right?'
And i have a feeling he was getting back at me because i did the same thing. And at that time when he did which was recently i was dating someone else and not him.
I just don't know what to do.
I'm seeing him sometime next week to catch up and all.

And another thing. Theres this chick at his school. She sits 20 metres away from him and cries to get his fcking attention.
Then she tells me 'btw he said if im single he willl go out with me' like wtf bro!?
you say you love me then sleep with someone underage and then ur contemplaiting going out  with a pathetic 14 year old?!!?
Real nice! how lovely. and every single fucking picture she has is with scars on her leg saying 'why don't you love me'.

its just fcked up completely!

.. and then my ex tells me ' i hope you die'

seriously fuck off... just coz i dumped you for my bestie and u ay ima fucking ugly slutty mutt?!?
AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
First thing I'd like to say: wow, they are assholes. That chick who's trying to get him is vying for attention mostly. The fact that he slept with an underage person is just ridiculous though... And kinda gross... Why he did it is wrong, what he actually did is wrong, it's just a mediocre way to get revenge. The ex who decides to insult you is just upset he lost you too and is trying to make himself feel better by insulting you. That need happens to everyone. Point being these events shouldn't color your opinion of yourself/what you've done, just that he has a very difficult time dealing with stress and sadness and being generally upset. Try to not think about it too much, but definitely do try to keep yourself aware of what happens in case something farther over the line happens. Deeply hope I helped in any way, fashion, or form
You helped alot =)

But .. the thing is... my ex said all that shit coz i didnt send him any 'pictures' ...

and idk what to do... but cmon seriously hes 18 and hes gonna go out witth a 14 yearold!? thats seriously fuucked..and shes slept with all the guys at her school..... soo.. u know what that means...
this is soo fucked up..
So then he's a man ho! Haha, doing all this because of a lack of pictures?! Come on now, that's shallow as fuck. And I do know what it means and what can happen if that happens: he's gonna look like an idiot when he gets caught and has to face legal consequences of what he did to a 14 hear old slut. That's when his revenge turns back on him. Sit back and watch the fireworks if you're feeling evil/like watching justice
agree with kingdom on this really... though a lot of people don't get into trouble from doing someone underage honestly, so you can't be sure he'll ever face the consequences.... a lot of people do want "pictures" and it's fairly normal these days I guess, but nobody who gets angry and hopes you die over it is really worth your time o.o
swettie don't worry about what they say and do they are stupid and they are cunts and bitchs who don't have something to do so the hurt the people around them for fun u have become a victim of some gross things but if you just stay away from them dont speak to them it might fade away i understand about the guy sleeping with an underaged person it is gross and stupid and  crime if these people said they cared for you they were bullshitting to get something from you dont listen do nt give into their wicked gross thoughts and things
just keep strong
beyond the fact that this is incredibly illegal it is also disgusting.  whoever this is should find someone there own age.  obviously he doesn't mind being a child predator or being put on the sex offenders list.  i hope he knows that if someone finds out, hes going to have a hard time getting a job.  or into a good school.

i give you the best of my luck and wishes laura.

~jordan
he wasn't good enough for you anyway.
					
					

I don't really know where to begin, but I'd have to say wtf is the matter with you? How old are u? If your older than 18 I'm gonna laugh.
quite frankly talking about all this shit is just plain fuckin stupid go out and fix it or give all them the finger and say fuck you jerk offs your a strong independent woman right show it and just cut these fuck sticks out of your life surround yourself with happy people and you'll be happy ill guarantee it
That tone sure isn't appreciated here punk. This site is for supporting those who need support. As a rule, most need POSITIVE reinforcement, not NEGATIVE reinforcement, which is what that was. Don't get me wrong, that is a way, but first she needs to understand why and how to deal with it comes later. She needs to cope with it first, the  she can deal with it. She needs to get back up after being smacked in the face like that, then she can deal with it. Some people need to talk about their problems. Some people plan the right course of action instead of just "giving them the finger", because that could cause a lot more problems. Have we met an understanding?
Oh I'm sorry did I hurt your feelings?! How about hers? If you get upset over that than your fucked up, people need to learn how to take 
'negative criticism' which I wasn't giving if you read the sentence its full of fuckin compliments
relax guys. there's no need for hostility.
I'm not being hostile I'm being honest
your being both
Sorry truth hurts that's how you know its the truth
The truth does hurt, doesn't it punk? Surely you know since you use it like this. Surely you've been stabbed by truth before, else you wouldn't use it so effectively, am I correct? To understand a weapon, you have to use it and have it used on you. How well do you understand 'truth' punk?
Are you trying to make me Angry? The truth is what it is Mr kingdom kid and all the while you think your clever little tid bits are witty but I also seem to notice that your on very rarely, so while you try and play the champion on whatever day you feel is best try coming on here every day and helping then you might be able to have a debate with me on the truth
Omg. So much hostility. None of it is welcome. So, cut it out. Both of you.

Thanks.

And just as a side note, just because someone isn't on all the time doesn't mean they don't try to help.
In fact, every time I see KingdomKid on, he's trying to help someone.
With all do respect you haven't seen me hostile
With all due respect, don't threaten me.
O.o wtf I'm not threatening you, I like and respect you
o-o read like a threat. My bad.
haha
Sorry Mickey, got carried away. And punk, no, I'm not trying to make you angry. Or be witty. And no, I'm not on every single day. I am simply trying to defend Laura is all. No hard feelings, honestly. And trust me, I'm not even close to a champion. I'm more vulnerable and in a worse place than you think. I'm on here to help so nobody has to feel the way I do. And to do anyone harm is against my self fulfilling prophecy, so I do apologize. I wasn't trying to be hostile, I was trying to keep people away from hostilities
i agree with mr tamm
Okay.I don't know why they think of that.A lot of people in my school think I'm Antichrist cause of the way I dress.No I'm not goth I'm emo.I don't worship the devil I love and worship God,and since people think of emo the wrong way,they bully me,pick on me,call me names and laugh at me.
really because in my school ther are alot of emo's like me and there's the ones who think there better than anyone else
In my school there's a lot of those prep and jock clones and me and my friends are pretty much the only few emos.They think of emo the wrong way
in the school i'm in, besides the fact that i'm the new girl, i'm the only girl who's emo and they r always calling me a no life anti-social freak who's pissed off at life and in some i am cause i'm at that school but anyways u should just b who u r and not care what anybody thinks of u because god knows that u believe in him and u don't need 2 prove that 2 other people.
I wouldn't change to please the clones and thanks.
i remember school.
how the hell is emo satanic not even goths are satanic
Now that's just bullshit. They should their homework
in the school i'm in, besides the fact that i'm the new girl, i'm the only girl who's emo and they r always calling me a no life anti-social freak who's pissed off at life and in some i am cause i'm at that school but anyways u should just b who u r and not care what anybody thinks of u because god knows that u believe in him and u don't need 2 prove that 2 other people.  Im also a new girl in my school, when people found out I was emo ussually the guys make fun of me and wanted to see my arm to find out if I have scars
how the hell is emo satanic not even goths are satanic DUDE I know right?That's also what I thought.My school is pretty messed up but I don't wanna leave there because I love my friends too much to leave them.
Im also a new girl in my school, when people found out I was emo ussually the guys make fun of me and wanted to see my arm to find out if I have scars I'm not a new girl in my school,but the guys and girls do the same to me.It's pretty stupid and hurtful,but I gotta learn to ignore it before it gets to me.You should also do the same too it helps.
Im also a new girl in my school, when people found out I was emo ussually the guys make fun of me and wanted to see my arm to find out if I have scars In my school they make rumors up that i supposedly do witchcraft 0.0..... Yeah my school is really retarded
I am litterally, the only emo in school. Everyone else are either preppy, or Slags -.-
^ I feel bad.Me and my friends don't even like the preppy clones or the jocks.They always bully me.They sometimes bully me like how you saw that poor innocent emo kid get bullied bvb's music video for Knives and Pens.
The hypocrisy in this thread is kinda of worthy of a face palm.
....I think you humans don't understand the concept of not labeling yourselves, and not making it a thing.Not to mention, emo is a form of music, where scene is the 'style'.I really didn't think this would need such extensive explaining.My point is, you're probably bringing this on yourselves.No offense to anybody.Honk honk-Gamzee
Well, those people has some issues, why make fun of something and/or someone that they aren't fully informed about? I guess its a sign of their ignorance and those kind of people arent worthy paying attention to. If they are not an integral part of your life then why bother paying attention to them? You are giving them the time of day that they obviously don't deserve so just tune them out or simply ignore them. They probably make fun of you because their life is boring, they are probably unable to find something better to do, which quite frankly is plain sad. Just keep your head up and don't worry about them, because you know who you are and abosultely nothing and no one will change that.   I hope I was helpful .
You were.
You were.  really? YAY xDhaha
Well first things first any one (emos, goths, preps, jocks, cowboys,ect) can worship any deity they want so it's silly to through the classification that a certain group of people all dont or do worship something.

Secondly try wearing a cross or other symbols of your Christian denomination to show others that you do believe in the Christian god. If that doesnt work just ignore them and know that you are doing what a good Christian would do and they are doing the wrong by going against Jesus's teachings =) .
Okay so maybe 2 months ago I was sick for a week.  While sick, I got terrible migraines. In hopes to get rid of them, I'd take 2 Ibuprofen pills every 4 hours. I knew I wasn't supposed to but I thought taking an extra pill earlier would get rid of the pain faster. Then there was a time when I cut way too deep and it hurt soo bad I decided another pill would help. Finally, I wasn't hurting for while. but without the pills every few hours I actually get a headache. It wasn't till later that I found out that Ibuprofen was addictive and now I HAVE to take it everyday or I get a headache. How can I get off of it without being in so much more pain?
well, 1) see a doc to make sure you're weeding yourself off properly.... but probably 2) take lower and lower doses to try and weed off it, if you're seriously addicted (hard to know since I don't know you) then just cutting off it could be bad, like I said, see a doc.
Snow has the best idea. If you try to cut yourself off, the results could be very dangerous. God luck with that, hope nothing serious (in a bad way) happens
idk but hope u get off it soon
Ibuprofen doesn't cause a physical dependency, so the headaches are probably just recurring migraines. My neurologist has given me a few tips to try and avoid migraines, obviously they aren't fool proof but here, I hope it helps.
Try to get sleep. Sleep deprivation is a major factor when it comes to migraines.
Don't eat too much sugar.
Avoid eating chocolate too often.
Cheeses.
Sodas.
There was a bunch more but I forgot them. Sowwy.
I'm sorry. Maybe you could try sleeping more while you take one less every three days. How it helps.
Thanks everyone so much for the advice. Checked with a doc, he said if i'd gone on it much longer there'd start to be liver damage but everything is starting to go smoothly now. slowly taking smaller doses. thank you all so much!
okayyy guysssss


so I have decided that I am going to get the fucking guts to perform on The X-Factor in Dallas, Texas this year. I am scared out of my mind and excited all at the same time.

I'm nervous.

lol.

Any tips anyone?????

Oh by the way, does anyone here know who's judging? Or does anyone else watch this show?
I don't really have much advice or anything like that but i was just wanting to say GOODLUCK  
Good luck!  I only know about the UK one, sorry. D:
if ya get nervous take three deep breaths and dont look straight into peoples eyes. look above their heads. adn GOOOOOD LUCK!
good luck!
Idek what that is c:
But good luck Anjiiiiiiiiiii
Don't over rehearse, don't stress, make sure you eat well and get some good sleep before you audition, stay hydrated..... imagine everyone in their underpants ;D
Don't over rehearse, don't stress, make sure you eat well and get some good sleep before you audition, stay hydrated..... imagine everyone in their underpants ;Dlisten to this guy!
Good luck!! Sure you will do great!
Oh yeah, take throat lozenges ;D they're tasty and make your throat feel nice.
I love you guys!!!! 
So I found out today my girlfriend might be moving. I don't actually know, she doesn't actually know, but she was told she might be moving by her parents. So now I'm sitting here wanting to kill someone and I figure helping someone be happy would be close enough. So now I'm going to pay my dues: anyone needing a friend to spill their hearts out to? I won't judge or anything, I don't do that. I'll be as supportive and helpful as possible
You need to help yourself guy, or your cheating the person your trying to help
This is helping myself. I have no way to stop her from leaving, so I have to do SOMETHING. Instead of violence, I'm deciding to help people. Always seems to work
When you approach someone with anger and pain in your heart you transfer that pain onto the person your trying to help with very subtle words you don't realize it but it will happen that's why trying to help others and really ignoring your own personal suffering which you are, despite the fact that helping others helps you no it masks it puts a blanket over it
I realize what I'm doing is just covering the pain, and I realize the transfer of pain through subconcious wording is vey possible and dangerous. However, I've done this before with more pain than now by far, and I did some of my finest work then. I believe in my case the worse I am, the more determined and capable I am of helping others as I can think clearly thanks to emotions rendering most of the distracting emotions null. Alls I know is I do this and it works out. I've saved people from suicide while being at the lowest I've ever felt. It's because I understand the thinkings of distressed teens (as I am one), but am capable of detaching myself and really seeing the big picture, seeing most effects of most actions/behaviors. So be as skeptical as you want or as worried as you want, I can't stop you, it's you're right to think that. I know what I'm doing though: making sure nobody that I can save feels like me
Fine just don't let you're own emotions cloud your thinking..
Absolutely
You can always message me  xxx
Thanks
i'm far from sane... i keep getting this image in my mind of a girl who gets hit as a child, she's crying, then it jumps to her at my age, being hit again. both times she's on the floor crying... sometimes the girl is from my perspective... i feel scared and i want to cry when i see/feel it but its so out of character for me... i wouldn't sit there and take it, im stronger then that...
i think everyone is going to hit me, i don't want to be toutched and i dont like being out in public as it is. im on the verge of tears cause im so afraid...

i have trust issues, OCD, depression and control issues. i can't remember the majority of my childhood and the memories i do have are usually because of stories i've been told or pictures i've seen. i don't know whats going on and im wondering if i have supressed my childhood, due to lack of memory...
Oh my god :/ that's horrible... I really don't know what to say, but mail me? I can help you through it? Xxx or at least try
Oh my :/ well.. Mail me? I'll try help xxx
i just dont know what to do about it, there is, or was one person i completly trusted but now i'm afraid he'll hurt me too. the person who is hitting the girl is a male and im seeing my brothers tomorrow :/
im so sad right now, i just wana slit my wrist, slit my throat, do deep slashes every where!
i know it wont solve anything but i feel so crap i just dont care about what i do anymore :/
dont care if i die or never wake up coz im sick of this shi*, sick of this life, i just wanna die
and end all this pain and suffering right now!
Suffering and pain are temporary, just remember the good times in your life, good memories save lives
it's killing me inside
I bet it is but like I said if you dwell on unhappiness you will be unhappy, dwell on the happy things in life
i'm sorry i wasn't here for you today i love you 
Suffering and pain are temporary, just remember the good times in your life, good memories save livesSo true, and don't, jeez. Nothing's forever, there's always light at the end of the tunnel.
So true, and don't, jeez. Nothing's forever, there's always light at the end of the tunnel.i agree so much
thanks
i hate life i have no parent's i love my school counselor like a mum she is the only one i trust and like talking too! im dying here without her iv told her how i feel she huged me and called me her precious daughter and we went out for dinner it ment the world to me! she told me she cant be my mum coz of her job i know i sound stupiy but every day i feel like i need her more i keep cutting coz im depressed im scared to become addicted! i told her if she didnt be my mum id suicide i tried to jump of a bridge on to rail way trcks the police got me and put me in hosp i just cant live without her or with this pain and ignoring her makes me feel even worse she's the only one i want HELP i wish she loved me.... i wish she wanted me as a daughter....id do anything :'( fml
You don't need anyone to love you, you just need to love yourself life throws obstacles and giving up whole climbing them is no good you need to conquer them and overcome them
thx  it's feels hard love you'rself when no 1 eles does
Well that's when its most important too
thx
thx  it's feels hard love you'rself when no 1 eles doesI love you , you know that  i'd do anything for you babe
thanx 
SO I JUST WANT TO SAY TO EVERYONE THAT THEY SHOULD JUST TRY SMILING. I MEAN, C'MON. JUST TRY IT. THERE'S NOTHING TO LOSE. ))SO HOW DO YOU FEEL? I KNOW. THERE IS ALWAYS A REASON TO BE SAD, BUT YOU DON'T NEED ONE TO BE HAPPY. AND JUST LIKE WHAT MY GOOD FRIEND SHANE SAID, " if you dwell on unhappiness you will be unhappy, dwell on the happy things in life " ;SO SMILE
I was abit sad at the moment but that first part made me smile for the first time today (: haha thanks xD
Haha. You're welcome hun. If you need someone to talk to, just PM. Although I dont know if I'll be able to reply.haha
Haha Aww thank-you!

Would you mind if i Pm you now about some advice ? :/
You're welcome. )

Go ahead and PM me )
Okay thank-you :3
I pm'd you sorry it's abit long .
It's okay. I think I already replied
Yeah you replied
This made me smile. Your totally right. Everyone on here should smile, even if its just once a day. It'll make you feel really good and somewhat fuzzy inside. Or, at least thats what if feels like to me. =)
Hey Rain. It's glad to see you again )
Okay.. so i know EP must get sick of me posting about my "best friend", but i know she hasn't always been the best "best friend" and she has lied to me and all that and just keeping things from me, but she has just told me that her mother is forcing her to move in with her dad who lives about an extra hour away... she is already about half an hour away... but our school's were heaps close and if she moves there than i would rarely see her... i hate that she has been a bitch to me quiet abit lately and when she told me about this i felt like crying and all she replied was not worth your tears, i have no idea how i'm ment to reply... we have been so close and now she is trying to tell me not to worry about it and she said she might be moving there tonight and we were ment to be hanging out yesterday but she completely forgot about me and totally ditched and went to someone elses place and then today she said she was fighting with her mum most the day but when she told me this there was a message on fb from 5 mins before the text about something one of our other friends had said and that she wrote up on facebook... i am so confused no idea what to do i love her but she annoys me at the same time most people say just forget about her she isnt worth it but i don't have like any close friends, i have major trust issues and no-one at school im close with most them hate that im emo... and gaaahhhhh .
oohh, i feel your pain.
Its okay  thank-you i more just needed to get all my thoughts out of my head
oh, that's good.
Yeshhh
She's not your friend, she disregards your feelings I say its time to trade up say goodbye explain how you feel and be done with it. It sounds hard it is, you've probably been through a lot with her, but at this point your the only one trying and its only hurting you.
Yeah :/ that's true thank-you i think i will probs end up doing that :/ it's just to hard for me at the moment .
Ill pray for you
What he said ^ U shud confront her, and ask her whats up, you know what I'm saying? Cause if she's acting this weird, there's probably something going on. So it might be a good idea to ask. Apart from that, sucks for u, and I've had the same happen to me :/
that's what i did when one of my friends was behaving like that and it totally made things worse.
i feel sorry for you
hahha thanks but sadly this isnt even half of it :'(
Love you Babe
i love you too 
We shall talk later ??
yeahh okay  thx
i just wish that she loved me
i just wish that she loved meso sweet .
i know gorgeous  i'll talk to you tonight thou when kiara is asleep :3
hahhahah thaks but i seriously would do anything to be with her ;(
Hey so my so called best friend keeps lying behind my back,

She has gone out with 2 of my ex's after i went out with them one of which i foun out an 1hr later on facebook flirted with one of my other ex's when i was still inlove with him and she is now trying to flirt with my most recent ex, and planing on meeting up with him and staying over his and she was wanting to try something but cant really post here what it is but she doesnt want me to be there for some reason so she is going behind my back about it and one of my good friends who is also closeish to my "so called best friend" had told me this cause she was going to go with her and was trying to convince her to get me to come along aswell... and she doesn't want me to know about it cause she know's how i feel about her going for all my ex's and just hanging around them all the times behind my back...

And she is gettin annoyed at me because i started talking to one of my old best friends that i got into a fight with and their friendship ended aswell around the same time and we were all like best friends before and she expects me not to give her another chance when i have given her so many chances after she has done something to me that has hurt me so much...

I dont know if i can trust her anymore she bitches about everyone behind there back and tell's all there secrets to me and my other friend about everyone else ands i dont know if i can trust her she is supposed to be my best friend but when she found out i was bi she told everyone when i asked her not to tell anyone she told like everyone at my school (we go to different schools), and she hates that i'm emo but she doesnt always help with it she like ignors me and just doesn't talk to me much when i'm going through the toughs times of my depression when i just dont want to live anymore but i dont know whats going on or if i should trust her ? im finding it so hard to say happily she is my best friend...

Any help? :/
shes deffinatley not your best friend :l sorry but if shes put you through all of that why give her anothere chance?
Well I agree with yourworth, however about the ex's... she's perfectly allowed to date your ex's... or be interested in someone you're with - it's only crossing the line if she actively tried to steal/mess around with them while you were with them. Can't help who you like.
BEST FREINDS DON'T DATE EACH OTHERS EX'S ITS THE NUMBER ONE RULE

AFTER A YEAR OR TWO THATS OK BUT NOT STRAIGHT AFTER

she isnt a freeind tell her she is a stupid cow and tell her not to come crawling back if she gets hurt
it will be ok
She ain't no friend.
No friend would do that. Especially not best friends.
So honestly, I'd say ditch her.
i agree, its heaps dog i would neva eva go out with a besties ex, mmm have u tried talking to her
i cant stand people like that my ex-bestie convinced me he was in love with me and that if i didn't have a bf he'd be with me and then started flirting with my bf and lying saying they had the same dad and then that he f*cked my bf's big bro n decided he was gay and now he's off on sum "Buisness tripp" but i saw him in his front yard a few days ago even though he said he wouldn't be back until the beginning of summer at the earliest. he always talked down on me and said i was nuthin but my new bestie Alissa convinced me 2 ditch him u should do the same
Yeah every time i try to talk to her she ends up not talking to me for a while and going all quiet about it and if i try to say stuff she just doesnt reply alot of the time
yeah its just hard to cause she knows so much about be and we have been through so much :/
if i was you i would tell her she is stupid and slap her
very tempting... the situation is just so complicated though :/
yeah i understand awell but i hate it when my Ex freinds date my ex's
I get what it's like to have this relationship with a friend where they know every little secret or you've gone through all this shit together and still came out as friends.
A lot of those people seemed to have no problem at all ditching me when they realized I was "emo."
But I guess what I'm trying to say is that they left despite how close we were, and you can do the same.
BEST FREINDS DON'T DATE EACH OTHERS EX'S ITS THE NUMBER ONE RULEThat's a very selfish point of view. If two people break up, then that's that... you shouldn't use that as a reason to stop your friends being happy....
its A FEMALE RULE guys don't understand it is hard to see your freinds date ur ex's it remindes you of what u have lost
Hence my point that it's selfish... you're stopping someone else's happiness because of your inability to move on...
Hence my point that it's selfish... you're stopping someone else's happiness because of your inability to move on...I'm going to have to agree with Snow on this one: It is rather selfish. Yeah, it makes the process of getting over them harder, but once you break up, he's not yours ( or she's not his, whatever the situation is)I wuld say though not to trust her. Don't try to explain why you're not trusting her, wai and see if she tries to patch things up from there. Even if she does, trust her little and keep both eyes on her.
Thank's everyone and yeah the dating the ex's thing was the major thing the major thing was all the lies, and i had a talk to her recently and since then she has promised and she is trying to fix things and things are getting better again (: thanks everyone for all your help xx
your welcome .
With it being now 2012, discussion about this will be said i beat and just wondering of your opinions
Idk when the world will end but I'm Christian, and I believe Iran will try and attack Israel and the lord will defend his people one last time and then he will take all of us his chosen elect (Christians) and bring us to heaven, but since I don't believe in heaven more like the summerland.
Umm okay well i dont like thinking of end of the world i like to think that their is a "happyplace" for ppl when they die though so screw the end of the world.. Im kinda intrested though how ppl can think its possible though c:
imo 2012 wont be the end of the world. the mian(idk how to spell it) calander only went up to 2012 but it is a circle so it means a new begining(i think i could be wrong idk) but imo it wont end.
I think it's bullshit that the world is ending in 2012 LOL. I mean seriously, just because the Mayan calendar only went up to 2012 (it's actually 12-21-12 but I'm not sure if that's actually the date that the Mayans came up with, I'll have to do some research) does not mean the world is going to end. Like Sniper said, could be a new beginning.

Course, imo, nothing is going to happen x)
*facepalm* any1 who believes the world will end in 2012 is just as dumb as the people who believed Harold Camping's Doomsday Predictions. Its a joke.
I think that the world won't end in 2012..I just think that all this "world ending" is a bunch of bs..just like all the other "world ending" days were a bunch of bs...
yeah its freaky, i found this site of like 10 theories on the end. I dont know maybe i just wanna believe that it'll just be a year comin by.

i feel like my insides are killing me, they want me to die. i dont want to die but what im about to tell you, you guys wil not understand a thing...
ive been waking up lately with cuts and bruises everywhere on me and it comes true in my fucked up dreams...




You guys wont be able to help i know that so i have no fucking idea why im posting a thread on this
people sometimes subconciously act out their dreams. like sleep walking but in this sence, you end up hurting yourself. it is natural to happen to peole understress and in deep depression...
but im going to end up killing myself with out knowing it!!
Dont do that bubbr please  ='(
well i hope not... you just need to calm down, try and soert this out. we luvs you 
This has happened to me many of times....It scared me for a while. I still do get random cuts on my body when i wake up from sleeping. Are you stressed or worried about something that is related to your life and is making you act out these dreams? Just a thought...
i have that issue when i wake up and i have cuts and bruises its like i was fighting myself while asleep but that sounds serious maybe your stressing to much and just need to let yourself relax?
yea theres been alot of things im stressed about..
*hugs* i'm here for you, i now at least most of what your going threw, i'll always be here for you
Eh, tha's sum scary shit dood  Don't fink I can offer any help, but I really hope u'll be awright. Maybe you're drowning in a shrinking puddle of your own consciousness. Ive' had that happen to me  Anyway, uh, I hope u'll be fine.
Talk to someone u trust and I agree with Shawn. Bug dont take any pills!!! Luvs and luck 
I've developed habbits of my friends and siblings that will screw me over in the end. My sister and a few of my mates are smokers, im used to inhaling their smoke and i've began craving 'em...  if im going to get cancer from second hand smoke, why be anti-ciggarette?
Well, I've been smoking for the past two years and trust me, you don't wanna start! At first, it just seems like you smoke because you 'enjoy' it. Then you keep on teling yourself this but really, your brain is calling out for nicotine! Worst thing ever- when you're in school and you're practically suffocating because you need a cigarette so badly...
So, if I were you, I'd just try to get away from the smoke and the cigarettes 
Hope I helped a bit. You can always talk to me, dude
thanks Lilitha  i guess i don't really want it happening, haha.
*Lithia
Good choice : Just don't start smoking and if someone offers: say NO!
haha i'll keep that in mind
But ya know- you gotta be believable. Flash 'em a grin and start screaming like a lunatic. They'll be like: cool story bro. AND THEN IT'D BE THE PERFECT TIME TO THROW IN SOME DRAGONS AND UNICORNS!
Don't ask- I've had too much candy :'D
hahaha what about DRAGONCORNS?!?!?! or UNIGONS?!
AND GIFFARES!
how couls i forget the Giffares!!! Of course the Giffares!!
Hmm.. anything else? We need to impress them with our gibberish!
well... i have a pet Zrog.... it's stripey and neon green ^.^
oooooh! Is it shiny?! IT MUST BE SHINY!
aaaaaand sparkley
Woo!
Whooo
I don't know, I'm not against smoking. But I don't smoke. 
I do enjoy the smell of certain brands of cigarettes x) 
You don't have to be anti cigarettes even if you don't smoke. 

But hey, smoking costs a lot of money, which you could use on awesome things instead c:
You have a good point Dante and yes I know what you mean about the smell ^^
I hate life I've been hating it as long as i can remember...
Some people say because my father left to  be all alone.
Are is the fact that my mom judges me and hurts me physically and emotionally everyday?
All this may do me having  with my low self esteem and my constant feeling of being alone. When I tried not to be alone my mom tried to get me  friends who were nothing like me. I tried to like them even though in fact made fun of me but my mom didn't even care. I always hate it the things my mom wanted me to do and if didn't do it well.... Anyways is just not my mother who makes my life hell it also my douche of a step dad he's been trying to control me ever since I can remember. He hates the fact that I am what I am. He hates that  fact that I don't like sports and even make a cleaning mistakes. Sometimes if I do something wrong and try to explain what happen he says stop lying and shut up then if try to say something he threatens me that he will hit me.Besides my at home life my social life isn't even any better. I've never had that many friends when I was younger they always called me weird because of the things I drew or wrote or my large imagination which contains weird disturbing thoughts.Bullies always seem seem to be attracted to me also its something about that screams hey! come hit me! I don't no why...
All of this also led to me cutting myself i stopped though like 5months ago but sometimes i still get urges to do it ...
My life has been hell and this is only half of it just wanted to type it down on something so please comment and give me your opinion about this. Oh and don't say family therapy  will help you it didn't work and therapy for me didn't work.
wow umm yeah that is sort of my life too except my dad is still with us and I have a parasite sister and my mom makes me go to fuckin church even though I don't belive in any god won't let me wear eyeliner and when I tried to explain I'm emo she just called me a depressed fag and sent me to a mental hospital but yeah
I hate life I've been hating it as long as i can remember...Some people say because my father left to  be all alone.Are is the fact that my mom judges me and hurts me physically and emotionally everyday?All this may do me having  with my low self esteem and my constant feeling of being alone. When I tried not to be alone my mom tried to get me  friends who were nothing like me. I tried to like them even though in fact made fun of me but my mom didn't even care. I always hate it the things my mom wanted me to do and if didn't do it well.... Anyways is just not my mother who makes my life hell it also my douche of a step dad he's been trying to control me ever since I can remember. He hates the fact that I am what I am. He hates that  fact that I don't like sports and even make a cleaning mistakes. Sometimes if I do something wrong and try to explain what happen he says stop lying and shut up then if try to say something he threatens me that he will hit me.Besides my at home life my social life isn't even any better. I've never had that many friends when I was younger they always called me weird because of the things I drew or wrote or my large imagination which contains weird disturbing thoughts.Bullies always seem seem to be attracted to me also its something about that screams hey! come hit me! I don't no why...All of this also led to me cutting myself i stopped though like 5months ago but sometimes i still get urges to do it ...My life has been hell and this is only half of it just wanted to type it down on something so please comment and give me your opinion about this. Oh and don't say family therapy  will help you it didn't work and therapy for me didn't work.Ah.. your situation is like mine... of course... I still don't know what to do. It's like the longer you try to hold on, the more you just wanna let go....
Okay so yesterday i stuck my toe in a jar of peanutbutter. and it felt really nice. and im really confused and i dont know what to do.
Well Dellyboo.... I know how you feel. I once stuck my toe in a jar of jelly and didn't know how to react. This is a safe place
If I am reading this right (which I might not be, in which case sorryyyyy), you're talking about pleasure with feet? If so, then nothing is wrong with that. I know lots of people like that and they're plenty happy and they're not outcasts or anything, they just have pleasure with feet. I'm not into that kinda stuff, but I really think no differently of anyone who is. Some people do, but they're extremes, most people won't be bothered as long as you don't try and like foot rape someone haha. Find someone else who has that attraction as someone who understands, which is always helpful. I really do hope I helped boss!
BAHAHAHAEHEHEA HA HEHEAHAAHAH!

omg.

This thread is a joke. Im not being serious. lol.
I just had an lolfit!
I hate my life hahaha
But you just made my day so much better!!!!!
Rawr lol. That was a fantastic way to make me look like a moron XD lol
LOL.  It's ok. You were just trying to help lol.

Made my day though xDDDD
Blehhh haha
Have you spoken to the jar about how you feel?
Lol so damn funny!
Necro lol.
I'm gonna go try that now.
.-.
...lol. It feels weird.
But now I have to throw the freaking peanut butter away. FML.
Have you ever looked up at the stars at night? I mean really looked at them? If you live in a rather urban area then you might not be able to see the night sky so clearly, but those who live in rural areas, have you ever noticed that among the stars, there's a gray-blue mist?   As seen here.The Romans called it the Veer Galactica, the road of milk. Today, we call it the Milky way. For those who missed the lesson in school that day, the basic facts are these: We know that one light year is equivalent to 6 trillion (6,000,000,000,000) miles. Our galaxy alone has a total diameter of about one hundred thousand light years. Our solar system is located at the edge of one of the spiral arms, about twenty six thousand light years out from the center of our galaxy.Well shit.It takes 200-250 million years for our solar system to complete one orbit around the central bulge. Surrounding the galaxy, above and below the initial disc, in a spherical halo, there are approximately 200 globular clusters, which may contain up to a million stars each. The Milky way itself contains two billion stars, give or take. These numbers are essential when calculating what a galaxy is, but when contemplating them, the human mind will contest that it cannot be so. Yet an examination of the evidence brings you to a conclusion that it is, and if you take that conclusion out of a clear, dark night and look up, you might see something that will change your life. That is what a galaxy looks like from the inside, from the simple suburbs of our sun. Through binoculars, for every star you can see with your naked eye, you can see 100 around it, all suspended in a gray-blue mist. But through a modest telescope, if you wait for your eyes to adjust to the dark, and get the focus just right, you'll see that mist for what it really is: more stars. Like dust fading into what seems like infinity. But you've got to have the knowledge, seeing is only half the battle. Not many take the time to realize whats really out there. The kinds of things, the scale of things, the age of things. The violence and destruction; appalling energy, hopeless gravity, and the despair of distance. Yet we feel safe. Our world is protected by the very distance that some fear. It's like the universe is screaming in our faces, "Do you know what I am? How grand I am, how old I am? Can you even comprehend what I am? What are you, compared to me?"And when you know when you know enough science, you can just smile back up at the universe and say, "Dude, I AM you." While looking up at the galaxy, know that the faintest twinkle of starlight is a real connection between your comprehending eye along a narrow beam of light to the surface of another sun. The photons your eyes detect, the light you see, the energy in which your nerves interact, came from that star. You would think you could never touch something like that, but a piece of it crosses the void and is a part of you. Our eyes see only a tiny point of light, but our minds see so much more. The invisible bursts of gamma radiation from giant stars, converging into pure energy by their own mass. Lights that flashed across the far edges of the universe long before our world had even formed. We can see the invisible microwave glow of the background radiation left over from the beginning of the universe. Stars drifting aimlessly at hundreds of kilometers per second, with the space-time curving around them. We can even see millions of years into the future, all those blue twinkles of light will blow up one day, sterilizing any nearby solar systems in an apocalypse that makes the wrath of human gods seem pitiful by comparison.Yet it is from such destruction that you were formed. Stars must die so that you may live. It can be said that we have stepped out of a supernova."It never ceases to amaze me that our bodies are constructed of the stuff of stars. That our hearts beat because of the energy of that which materials are made." - Stephen Hawking


lol you made this after all!
why yes, yes i did :
Me and my ex boyfriend Arin dated for like a month and broke up because he moved and we were too young to handle the long distance relationship, i was 13 he was 14. Then about a year later, I'm 14 and he's 15, we get into contact again and we're soooo close. He lives about 45 min. away, but we called each other every single day, three times a day, stayed up on weeknights sometimes school nights talking until 5 in the morning, we made plans, and we truly loved each other and everything was perfect.  For about 1 1/2 years... Then Logan comes. He was my best friend, i told him anything, well he told me he loved me, then i realized i had strong feelings for Logan. I decided to tell Arin, and we got into an argument, and he got mad at me evrytime i hung out with Logan. Eventually we broke up and i dated logan. And i kept going back and forth between them. I stayed with Logan but when i decided this, Arin came into town. We did things, not sex, but i pretty much cheated on Logan for him. He only stayed in town for about 2 weeks, then he had to go. But 3 weeks after he left he told me that he had sex with someone while he was here. That really hurt because we still loved each other and he did that.  But I ignored him for awhile, mostly cause I was pissed, then one night i got drunk and called my best friend Brittany, She ended up three-waying with Arin, and apparently i went on about how much i still loved him... We talked like once every other month, thats it . . . but now we're both 16, and talking again. and i think i still love him  I dont know what to do and need some advice, im not totally stupid am i?  I just feel soo depressed lately because i know i hurt him, and he knows he hurt me, and i want him back  but idk wut to do, HELPPPP
wow, that sounds really complicated... :/ ... does Arin still love you and do you still have feelings for Logan? ..Your going to have to decide who you love more and be with that person.  If you still like both of em I think  you should give it more time and think about who you have more feelings for...

If you ever need someone to talk to, you can always message me... hope i helped. 
woah that is very complicated but i think you just need a break from talking to both of them (if you are currently talking to both of them?) and think about it. like which one youll miss most or love more. idk if it helps but i hope it works out
Wow I thought my relationship was complicated. I feel really bad for you, it sounds so hard!  I agree that you need to decide who you want more and go for it. As difficult as it is, we both know it has to be done. My friend had to pick between two guys she had crushes on, and she did pick one in the end. So it's not as extreme as your situation, but y'know, same kind of thing. So decide who you love more, and then keep going till you get that person.
Good luck and if you need help, just ask. I'll be happy to assist you. :3
Thanks yall, i ended up breaking it off with Logan and decided to just be really good friends with both of them, maybe when im 18 me and Arin can have the relationship we've always dreamed of, but till then im good as i am with realli great friends
.....*sigh* pm me and ill help you,if you dont  whatever but I went through exactly what you are
					
					

I hurt my best friend...and I feel just AWFUL....I...I don't know what to do...and Ive already suffered because of it, emotionally AND physically...Im so depressed right now I don't know what to do...  _-_


Im nothing but a piece of shit, a dick, a basterd with a horrible sence of humor....I feel like dieing  T.T


[attachment=342:E.png]
					
					

Don't say that. Your life is worth something. She'll learn to forgive you. Just keep your head hugh an your heart strong, and show ur friend that you didn't mean to.
Ive tried, I truly have, but I just can't forget that I hurt her...Im nothing but a asshole...
You've managed to turn hurting someone else into a sympathy case for yourself... congratulations?

If you feel bad, fix it.
This isn't about me! It was my fault, but i'm not the one who got hurt. I have tried to fix it, but it's not that simple. She won't even talk to me, so how can I help the situation?
"Ive already suffered because of it, emotionally AND physically...Im so depressed right now I don't know what to do... _-_"

You're entirely missing the point, exactly what you ARE doing is making it about you. If she doesn't want to talk to you it's her choice, you upset her... take it as your punishment?
I guess your right...I need to just wait for her to be ready I guess.
I feel your pain buddy, hurting hurts those who do. It really can drive most to self injury, even suicide, so you first have to abstain from that. Secondly, explain to her exactly why what happened happened, how you feel about it, and what you're prepared to do to make it up to her. Even if she won't respond, get it all out for her to think about, and make sure it ALL comes out. Don't hurt yourself any more than you already are hurt, that's bad enough. If she doesn't forgive you, try to make it up to her anyway. Try to make her happy, support her, but know when to stop. Hope I helped at all
1. General belief is that god is all loving - however religion in practice does not mean this. All loving of believers, of the faithful and fairly accepting of anyone who wants to become one of those.. but if you don't believe then you don't really come under "loved". The story of Noah is a good example of that.

2. Satan is a tricky one. The story of Satan is that he was a fallen angel, fell to help mankind... the condemnation of Satan is actually from the church though, who decided to make that character a focal point for all their hate. Strictly speaking, all the hate and bad rep on Satan is mostly via the church, not the religion.

I'm agnostic.
I suppouse I would be Wiccan/paganistic, but I really live according to my own specific series of belifs (as you well know, okAmii, dear.)
Now, religion will always be tricky, because there are so many differant aspects that make up a religion.
For Christianity, I never understood:
1) "God has no begining."
2) "God made us in his image" (then why are males and female needed to reproduce? Where did he get the idea for the genders)
3) It's somewhat implied that God is a man. Bitchplz.
4) And if Angels were created by God and he knows what they think as well as what mortals think, why did he not just STOP Lucifer before he became "The Devil"?
5) The church changed holiday dates to be the same as pagan holidays so that people could convert. Should those not have been set days...?

Paganistic confusions:
1)  the concept of Akasha, the element of the universe.
I dnt believe anything :/ Religion can kiss my ass and fuck off 

lmfgao I follow mommy snow(jesus) lmfgao
I'm an atheist
Im an Anti-Theist and Atheist!
Im an Anti-Theist and Atheist!HW DOES THAT EVEN WORK?!?
Anti-Theist - A person who holds the view that organized religion when considered throughout the centuries has been a destructive force in society, wrongly believed is that all are also agnostics or atheists, but a great number of faithful theists also see organized religion as harmful to society. Atheist - An Atheist is one who denies the existence of a deity or of divine beings.
I was brought up Catholic, but I don't necessarily believe most the bullshit that it's about. I don't go to church or anything, but I did make my confirmation and holy communion. I don't believe in most aspects of the Roman Catholic church, but it was something I was expected to do.  I personally think that most religions are bullshit, but I like the idea of having faith in something to an extent. (: If that makes any sense at all.
The idea of God has (in my opinion) become a scapegoat to get those under one's power, therefore, I'm an anti-theist as well. I don't go to church or have a strict set of beliefs, I just take life into my own hands instead of waiting on any form of unforeseen/holy power. Religion has been the cause of countless blood-spillings, instances of unjustified violence, etc, yet it is supposed to bring one "closer to God", IE happier, but that certainly isn't the case when you kill someone for your religion or are killed for your religion. I believe in God, sure, but I don't believe in his actions in any of our lives, just that it watches over us (it because God is supposedly all things living, hence not man/woman) but doesn't help. Religion is oxymoronical, cynical, abused, and is in effect tyrannical in strictly my own opinion.
I've passed out twice this week in my Bio class. I'm really starting to get worried. I think there's something wrong in my head but my doctor wants to do a blood test to check for some things. I feel like hell has been blown inside of me. And I'm afraid to go to my class....help?
i'm sure everything will be fine. you have to be hopeful. good luck.
blood test is probably the best option. Don't worry if ur scared bout the needle. i don't like them either, but I guess we all don't like somthing, right? You'll do great and good luck!
Is there anything you are afraid of in Biology?
No, i dunno what triggered it
hmm i blacked out when my dad made me cut meat o.O maybe theres a scent in the room but you shouldnt worry c:
I don't know. I cut out all meat and fish from my diet and that never happened to me. A blood test would be the best option, just to be safe. If it's something serious, you wouldn't want to take ay chances.
I've passed out twice this week in my Bio class. I'm really starting to get worried. I think there's something wrong in my head but my doctor wants to do a blood test to check for some things. I feel like hell has been blown inside of me. And I'm afraid to go to my class....help?I have the same problem. When I stand up or I stretch, my vision goes away and my head gets this light feeling and I hear buzzing. I have passed out all the way a few times. I'm getting my blood pressure checked every week and its been consistently pretty high. I'm going to the doctor for blood tests soon. so I totally know where you're coming from. It could be a condition called "vaso vagal syncope" if you want to google it.
I've passed out twice this week in my Bio class. I'm really starting to get worried. I think there's something wrong in my head but my doctor wants to do a blood test to check for some things. I feel like hell has been blown inside of me. And I'm afraid to go to my class....help?have you been gettting sleep lately or not you can be alergic to something or someones body spray or perfume or if there is flowers or plants near by you could be having dizzyspells from them which cause's the black outs XDor maybe you hate that class and you just completly shut down for awhile
Okay so i have this guy that live's with me and my family kind of like a flat mate (my mum n him have been sharing a house for like 5 yr's or something) but i can't stand him he is the biggest D**khead to me he constantly call's me things like saying im a slut and a cow and all that he constantly mentaly abuses me by all this he say's i do nothing around the house when i do everything and he has a go at my mum constantly about me saying things like im a brat and a bitch and i need to be grounded for the rest of my life or i should be kicked out and sent up to live with my dad cause i'm no use to anyone down here (my dad lives all the way in QLD and im in NSW) and the only way he stops annoying and bitching to my mum is if she grounds me...

him and i got into a fight not long ago

he just started having a go at my mum saw me looking at him then looking at my mum and he kept asking what i was looking at and that i should stop being a lazy and do something around the house (at that time i was folding the washing) .

Whenever him and my mum get in a fight i always step in i know it's probs not the best thing but i'm so scared that he will hurt her cause im not one of the teenagers that hates their mum like my mum has done so much for me and i'm scared that one day he will get to angry and hit either her or me :/ but i would prefer him hit me than her

Btw he is 43 yrs old and acting like this (and he has ADHD) is this normal?!

I just don't know how much more i can take of this he say's he is moving out but that's at the end of summer so still have like 2 more months before he leaves and i don't know how much longer i can say living in this house with him here?

Any idea's on what i could do? (i have tried ignoring him, i have tried being nice and my mum know's how much i hate him and she want's him to move out aswell but she says just be pacient and wait but i have been doing that for like almost 2 years now and i'm so sick of it all he does it make me feel so shit about myself i told him once that he constantly makes me feel like shit and doesnt help my depression by what he say's to me and he just said i dont give a f**k get over it your a stupid cow...)

:/

I'm so sick of him
Ideekay, he sounds like a real bitch. Why do you have to wait two months? Your mom should just kick his ass out right now if that's the kind of thing he does...
This is verbal abuse/sparring, and you're the one losing. Call the cops if it gets violent or worse, and call child care or some shit like that. They'll deal with him.
yeah i have thought about doing that but i just can't and my mum say's it will just cause more shit so it's better if i leave it and because that's the time he told my mum he was moving out but he said he might move out sooner (( hopefully ))
What do I do??? my gf has been extremely upset recently it seems and is always confused and doesn't know what she wants... she continuously says that it would be better if she went and committed suicide, but I constantly tell her that it isn't worth it, and there's like seven or eight other guys she wants to give a chance to let them date her and I don't know what to do... I try to get her to figure out what she wants but she's just so lost right now... :''''''(
Let her explore. She's probably sick and tired of the same old routine.
Let her try with those other guys. Maybe she'll be better off with one of them.
And, if she is, you just gotta roll with it, brother.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
alright... i guess i'll let her then... it hurts tho... but thanks....
Cmon brother, chin up. It'll get better.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
yeah.. i guess :/
She sounds like a bitch.
I'd be annoyed as hell.
Though, seeing as you might like her and all that crap.
Try to be there for her, most people who say they will commit suicide are just saying it.
Most people who commit suicide, never even tell people they're depressed.
Some do though.  The only reason i tell people im depressed is so they know what theyre getting into.
Well, first, keep her from suicide. But let her take a shot with some of those other guys, even though that sounds like some pretty shitty advice. If she figures one of them is what she really wants, then...yeah. Ideekay where to go from there. If she decides to leave, then she's not the right girl for you.
If she was really gunna commit suicide she wouldnt have confessed it to because you would probably stop her (I don't know what kind of person you are but I'm assuming you wouldnt let her die)suicidal people don't want to be stopped. she just wants you to notice she's not feeling herself and shes lost and that you should ask her the real reason she's not happy. As for the other guys it depends what kind of person she is but try surprising her some how likepull out a bag of skittles and make a double rainbow(two of each color) and have her try who knows maybe after you'll hav a yummy skittle flavored makeout session:p
I think she just told him she was gonna do it so he'd know.  So he would have some warning of the pain to come.
Well now the problem has worsened... And I have a shettered heart :''''''''''(
if u want to honestly stay with her after all this crap shes given u, then u r so commited wish someone cared about me tha much. if she doeswant to kill her self  tell her thatshe is the most important petson in the world to u and if she killed her self u dont kno wot u would do. im giving u freedom on the end part. if shes bored ix it up a bit make her feel special. if she want to leave u still then she isnt worth it leave her and one day u will find someone better and loving and happy. they will never let u down.
but she wanted a break (I won't explain why) from our relationship and now she went on a date with some other guy and she's really happy and stuff.... I still love her and she says she loves me but idk what to do :''''''(
i dont want u to get sadder just dont get back with her she is happier with out u yet she says she loves u. maybe she loves u but not the same way u love her. im not trying to make u feel worse though i am probably but im telling u wot i think is the best idea. 4 u. ur hurting ur self more by keeping ur mind stuck on her. move on find some one else. the perfect person wouldnt treat u this way.
tell her exactly how you feel... dont sugarcoat it or anything, tell her the truth... I say let her do what she wants to, but theres a line and it's your job as her friend not to let her cross it... good luck =3
yeah did that and... well some could say a line was broken.... i'll just hope that maybe she might come back or i'll run into someone new....
why are u like involved at all with her. she isnt even woth friendship after what shes dun if u stayed with her it was suicide and if u left her she would get with other guys and lead you one by saying she loved u shes being completely unfair to your emotions. if it were me she wqould of been gone a hell of a long time ago coz she had no respect for you ur a better person with out her. you will definatly feel better about your self. i dont like being harsh but i do give advise that is realistic. this is my reason for it: you wont pour water in a smashed cup, so dont be gd to those who hate.
Here, try this. It's what my friend did for her boyfriend, who is going through a hard time:
Gather all of her friends together, and have them make a page about why they are friends with her/like her. There can be drawings on it, photos, whatever comesto mind. Make it in a large binder.It would be amazing. Everybody's input on that would cheer her up. ust makesue that tey don'tput things like "Please don't do anything stupid to yourself."
this breaks my heart. I hate it when love doesnt go right. but honestly she doesnt sound worth it man. :/  I know it sucks but if your the only one in the relationship wanting it then theres no point. you seem pretty awesome and im sure there are tons of girls whod die to get the chance to be with someone like you.
she sounds like a bitch
but i get what your going through it happened between me and my ExBoyfreind but i can tell you it will get easier
just know she will keep you as a special freind if she still talks to you XD
but you will be fine stay strong don't let her happiness get to you
One of the things I worry about with my boyfriend most is him going to the movies with other girls. Obvious reasons to worry, right?
And my source for knowing things if they happen has caught a few questionable things ealier in the relationship.
So he tells me he believes theres a good chance im the one he will marry...
then the next day my source finds he told a chick hed go to the movies with her..
....I dont know 
Have you tried talking to him about it? And it depends on like how close him and this girl are and that type of realtionship but i dont think that someone would say that your the person they can see themself marrying without meaning it but you should probs just try to talk to him first?
Yeah I dont know how close they are but as far as I know not really at all. Im not that worried anyway because i dont believe hes even gonna go but if he was too idk what id do, id just be sitting here imagining the worse.
But then again I trust him mostly.
It just made me really really happy when he said that possibility was there so I dont want anything to ruin that happiness.

You need to trust him. that's the only way you can handle it. otherwise if you don't things will get messy and you don' want that. Trust is he main thing in a relationship.
i hope ive helped you =).
Would I personally trust him? No, not a chance.. seems very suspect.But.. I also can't agree more with this:You need to trust him. that's the only way you can handle it. otherwise if you don't things will get messy and you don' want that. Trust is he main thing in a relationship.i hope ive helped you =).If you don't trust him, you're heading down a rocky road and it probably wont end well, so you gotta make a choice  trust or go (at least that's how I see it, I can't bear the thought of being with someone I don't trust).
gah but I do trust like 90%!!! just the 10% fears of more stuff like what the "source" finds...
then see what happens
im sorry
I just want someone i can feel like i can talk to about it tbh... :/
PM me if you wanna talk or whatnot
im not sure if i should talk to anyone on here though...thats my problemmm...
well you always should have someone that you can trust c: if not a personal friend and not here then where and who? but alwys try personal friends EP friends are always there if you need to talk x)
im just trying to find one though..thts my problem..
well then and its kinda of different but you can start a journal i used to do that then when there full burn them but my family started snooping so i cant write as much as i like.
well...see heres another problem...my parents are controlling(dad) and sometimes nosy(mom) so if i get privacy its usually rare
it will be ok sweetie you will ok XD

just have some  faith XD
Never Give In , Never Back Down , fight For what You Love, Be Who You Want, Don't let them Control Your Life , Live Your Life The best You Can

btw (by the way)
you can always Pm me  i will always be here for ya
					
					

tanks..and i found someone to talk to so i thk im good

ok i am ussallly so out there and confident when i am not under the spot light or in front of a class or CONFESSING to THE GUY i like that i like him
well i have just RE-Found My FEELINGS for this guy now i don't know how to ask him


I AM JUST TO SHY like the topic name says i am just to shy and i ave shaking fits to if i am put under to much pressure

so i was wondering any TIps to stay calm and relaxed or if there is anyone eles like me ??????????????????????????????????????
lol hai im kagami! the reason u only get nervous is b/c u rely like him n ur worried about wat he will think jst take deep breathes " trust me u will get extremely warm inside lol almost like someone turned the heat up! anyways maybe u will feel more open to him if he opend up 2 u  so jst like start a convo then wen he opens up 2 u then u open up to him then he might tell u that he likes u or if he doesnt then maybe hes hiding it so u should make the 1st move! hope my advice helped!
i will try
your so lame, you bring me to shame, i wouldnt even put you in a mother fuckin picture frame, but dame it your my mother, id rather run away, you told me you wouldnt care if i was i dead, here i am bleeding red, but your to busy in bed, you told me you hate me and now its to late, this relationships already bate, i wouldnt even call you a mate, keep going at this rate, its not my fault you lost the plot, told me to go rot, i hope i get shot, i hate life, you through the knife, tried to wreck my life, but your just drunk, im not a punk, you left me in the rain, with all this pain i hope i get run over by a train, while im still saine, you cant even walk straight, your talking slow,its makes me feel so low, you told me to go choke, but your to busy having a smoke, i wouldnt be surprised if you had a stroke, the bloke gave you the cash and you gave me a bash!!!!!!!!! fml
So last night my bestfriend called me and told me he was going to cut himself. :/ 
Before our phone call ended he said he'd call back, i missed his call.
He than messaged me on facebook and told me he was sad so i asked why and he told me he's family and ex's treat him like shit and think they're all better than him and it's depressing. 
I told him not to worry about them.
He never replied for 3 hours, I tried calling and texting but he didn't answer i cried myself to sleep thinking he had commited suicide.
This morning i didn't get no messages on facebook or text.
Until 3 hours after i expected him too and said  he was fine.
He sent me a picture of his cuts, I started crying at the site of the picture.

Can someone please tell me how i can get him to stop cutting himself. D:
the easy way? you don't give him the attention.. no offence but if he's sending you pics of his cuts and deliberately avoiding you then he's intentionally making you worry so he can get attention - no attention and hopefully he'll realise it's pointless.

the hard way? probably just wants a sexy gf to fawn all over him and think he's amazing.. so.. that.
Hmm.
Both sound exactly like what he'd do. I've know him for 7 months now.
But 7 months ago i told him not to connact me because his girlfriend (now ex) was making me hate him and shit.
And after 2 months of not having anything to do with him, she inboxed me on facebook to say he was going to kill himself if i didn't talk to him but i told her to get fucked.
He's obviously still alive. well for now :L
Well.. your choice if you wanna deal with him. Chances are he wont change unless you make him realise drama is pointless or... give him everything he could ever want with no exceptions.
Well i just agruged with him and he knows he's seeking attention and shit.
But i don't wanna lose him over this, He's my bestfriend and i have no one else to turn to when i need someone. :L
I told him if he does it again i won't react the way i did the first time.
" oh gabby' why even try? i mean, ur a waste of space, u look like a clown everyday, and a whore at the same time. Everyone already knows u slit ur wrists, so y dont u just do us all a favor and go die."
that is what the guy i thought was my bestest friend said to me today. and after this, my other friend tried to kill herself. i mean, she almost died in my arms. i didnt do a fucking thing about it. then i get fussed at because my grades are fucking slipping. its not my damn fault i cant do anything because im too focused on staying alive.
ugggggh. i hate whining like a bitch like this, but idk what to do. they dont want me around. i couldnt even help my friend. i stared at her like a fucking dumbass. but there was more to my day.
i got beat up today. by this popular chick. racist. slut. whore. all the words that come to mind when i think of her. but anyways, it was pretty bad. the worst part, nobody tried to stop it.
soooo....idk y im saying this but.....yeah. my life. sucks. ass. help please.
idk what to say but mine sucked too. i think i messed up today anywho im srry your day sucked so bad but your still alive and so is your friend and that girl has karma coming her way
grrrrrr fucking assholes wont leave me the fuck alone. im done with this shit. fml.
hey, dont give up, ignore those idiots, obviously your best friend is no more, i cant do much to stop the bitch who beat you up, but please, be strong, show all these fuckheads that you are better than them
i've been doing that. for a while. but i can't anymore. i mean, i lost my best friend. and my ex-friends wouldnt help me with anything. so now im alone. again. grrrrrr i hate this, i hate myself, i ahte the world. fucking bitches were always in my face bout how i always looked like i was some demented freak. but, oh well. in my mind, they don't exist anymore.
YOU ARE NOT ALONE!!!!! i'm here for you, i'll be your friend, if i was there i would punch any bitch that be mean to you

(^@^
buuuuut. i like being alone. its the only thing im good at.
my boyfriend and i kinda got into a little spat and now he said he wants to kill himself. i can't help but feel its my fault and it's a long distance relationship so i can't go over and talk to him and i cant call him cause i'm in school and i haven't got any credit on my phone either.  i just don't know what i can do other than wait and hope for the best
you can text him? how far is distance? i also have lng distance relationship its fustrating but what can i do.
no i can't and he's like 1hr plane trip away, wich isnt much but still a distance.
You ignore him. People who threaten/say that want to because of you and falling out, especially considering it being long distance, are honestly just trying to make you feel shitty, guilty (hence you feeling it's your fault) and that you need to go out of your way to make things right for them (without them putting any effort in).

If he really did want to do it, telling you would be a bit counterproductive and pointless really.

I understand it's a sensitive  topic and people get upset (also suicidal), but when someone tries to make you feel guilty by threatening death, just because you fell out or something (or broke up) then it's simply crossing the line.
Mmkay. So there's a lot of people at my school that call me emo and whatever because of the way I look and dress, and that's okay with me because I don't care what they think. But now they're calling all my friends fags and whatever because they hang out with me. How can I get everyone to back off my friends? I care about my friends a lot because they're all I have. What do I do?
well when people try to insult me I'm just like. Yeah? and what? and act really proud infront of them, when they realise it doesnt bother you at all they'll get bored and move onto something else. If I were a friend who was called a fag I'd be like 'oh yeah baby, you want some of this?'
Try to ignore them because most of them are just looking for attention or their just being big stupid idiots and stuff
There just mad about there own life and want to build there self back up so  they can try to tare you down so ignore them as much as you can.
My ex-gf has been seeing this guy for a while this year. Last year they were friends, stopped being friends cuz of shit her ex-friends
said, and now this year became friends and now going out. She's happy with him and I want to see her happy but today shit happened and one of her old friends might (must) have ran her mouth off to him again and now he's not seeing her anymore.
This made her really sad and she's already suicidal! I didn't know what to say to her but hug her and tell her she'll be fine.
She went home sad and she said she was going to...

I'm just scared. This happened to me b4 with a friend on here. I'm just really scared and I don't know what da fuck to do!
I want to see her tomorrow. I really want to...
I would talk to her.Try to calm her down and coax her out of suicide.Spend a lot of time with her.Honk honk-Gamzee
A friend of ours and I tried to do that all last mins of class.
She still left sad. I have to go to school in 2 hours so if she's
still there i'll talk to her again. I can really only be happy if i see her today.
That'll make my heart slow down a little.
My best friend Michael and my boyfriend Zack both had stepdads that beat on them which i found out was the same guy and i can't do anything about it i'm so mad i hate seeing zack beat up and from wat i'm being told michael isn't doing much better that guys an ass and i want 2 shove a 10 foot pole up his ass any advice?
Waait so Michael's stepdad and Zack's stepdad are the same person? o3o
yea Zacks dad is cheatin on his mom
o.o Ohmigod. Maybe you should consider calling the police, or get Michael and/or Zack to. I think child abuse is illegal. It is, isn't it?
My best friend Michael and my boyfriend Zack both had stepdads that beat on them which i found out was the same guy and i can't do anything about it i'm so mad i hate seeing zack beat up and from wat i'm being told michael isn't doing much better that guys an ass and i want 2 shove a 10 foot pole up his ass any advice?  god that sucks ass. maybe you should do the pole thing. haha just joking. have you told anyone? : /
call the police, and if they need to let zack and micheal stay at your place somedays.
This is really bad, you have to tell someone x
Not poilce, child service. 
Happened to my niece, her mum beat her up. 
As long as they have wounds and traces of being beaten up, they should get help easily, if not it might be a little harder.
Thx guys Zack got him on vid n now hes in jail for 5-10 yrs. Thx alot evryone
yeah just get them legal help. i have friends who came from abussive families and i hate their parents so much.! get legal help and get them the fuck outta there
I dated a guy for a year and four months, and when we broke up he started doing hard drugs and I ended up in a mental hospital for suicide attempts. I carved his name in my hip while I was in the emergancy room. I started dating my friend when I got out and I don't feel love anymore.. I love him but I'm not in love like I am with the asshole who I let go... I really need help... He still means everything to me and I want him to be healthy and happy no matter what... If I ever told my friends though they would get mad at me because he is so jealous and overprotective... But I can't help it... Please help me... I don't know what I want or what I'm supposed to do so oh God please just help me... I'm crying again.... :'(
If you love him, then just be friends with him. I'm sure he'll understand and you can be there to support him and he can support you. He doesnt have to be your boyfriend to be someone important
Hey guys. I think there's a downside with the chat. I think it's one of the main reasons new members don't post too much. I think its because they'd rather chat. I know a few accounts who havent even posted much but likes to stay on the chat. I'm not pointing fingers or anything. I'm just saying ^^
You're completely right.. but at the same time, without the chat there would probably be less people interested in registering at all. Also, If we didn't have a chat then people would likely be fighting the opposite side, that we need one so .
^^ we've had this conversation too xD

but shouldn't this be in suggestions?
I wasnt suggesting anything, only giving out my opinion. xD (I think that was a kind of suggestion too xD )
I think so too xD
I think its absolutely pointless of joining a forum when you dont even use it....this is not a chatroom website like chatango. Actually use the forum. Im not a huge fan of any of the chatrooms. I dont see a point of them on here to be honest. Maybe once and a while but It should not be the main reason of you coming onto this website. I have only used them twice in the almost full year iv been here.
I havent been here for very long, but i agree with endofgreen, iv never even used the chat before! Im everywhere on the forums when i have the chance though, and i dont see any point of chat besides instant conversation, which is nice i guess. I still think the forums and the chat can work together though, i dont see why its such a huge problem for some people to not post but chat and vice versa, buuut thats just me (emphasis on but (teehee))
To be totally honest I do think hey should be deleted....both of them but that wont happen.
I hate going on the emopuddle chatango because people are:

a) VERY rude

b)VERY insulting
and
c) VERY PERVERTED

I mean NOT EVERYONE!! lol

but that's why I hate going on there. The people are so mean to me. And some are creeps.
I asked some people in the chat to post on the forums, and, only a few did. It kinda sucks, really.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
hey, would just like to state that i dont think there are not enough mods on here, everytime i go on here i find spam, it's sorta really annoying me
I hate going on the emopuddle chatango because people are: a) VERY rude b)VERY insultingandc) VERY PERVERTED I mean NOT EVERYONE!! lol but that's why I hate going on there. The people are so mean to me. And some are creeps.  like who?
hey how many other mods are there shawn, i've only ever seen you
there's snowdoll, but he's been away
and I have no idea where matt went
other than admin and shawn, those are the only other mods I know of.
					
					

oh, i remember seeing a junior admin once
yeah that was snowdoll
ah ok, i thought that name was familiar
I checked the list of mods/admins and that's all there are
I don't think admin is really on too awful much
he doesn't post at all so.
but shawn is the only active one I know of.
oh i see admin every now and again
well I'm sure he's on, working on the site and that
I don't ever see him.
but I have a life so xDD
i'm more than halfway to catching up to you cece!!
oh hush.


haha

haha
so one last thing.
there need to be more mods.
that is all.
yup and Cece you need to be one of them
yeah i agree
aww you guiseee :DD
oh shunned
yep you should be a mod

*blushes* ahaha
we aint friends anymore (again) shawn

what's happening here? xD
i'm joking shawn god.

ooooo, i just saw lightning
i know
pfft, try and act cool, i made you cry didn't i?
lightning? xD
I am cool! I dont need to try its all natural lol!

Why do you think im loved by everyone here lol
ahaha

you are loved?  lieing is a bad habit to break from shawn
Ahaha he's loved because he's shawn.
pfft
IM the most loved person on this forum  And you know it Sean
nah uh
uh huh
get someone to say i love you shawn then
lol...Ill get weird and Izzy to tell you they love me :3 Lol i bet even cece and amber will say it as well haha
who's izzy, i know weird, it's sorta hard not to 

oh yeah, know i'm princess zelda and she's a unicorn
lol I bet you will say it too haha :3

hahaha! That only proves im the most loved haha!
nah, i'll never say it
Im awesome  Nuff said Im sure cece will agree lol
nah uh
She is now a mod thanks to me lol!
really? just because of you you say?
yup...cant say anymore than that
meow 
wait is this conversation about me? xD
haha yes it is
yaaay
wait, is it good or bad?
good
:DD
..... 

and shawn, i question thee
Question about what? Im confused
o.o

sorry I haven't been on hardly this morning. half day. my schedule in terms of ep is all wacky.
Question about what? Im confused well what exactly did you do? did you ask admin if cece could be a mod? or did he ask you
Cant tell you sorry
i cant tell you either but whatever
NEW SUBJECT
IT JUST TAKES SOME TIME, LITTLE GIRL YOU'RE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE RIDE
Finish the song xD
no idea, YOU continue the song
EVERYTHING EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT ALRIGHT
*getting back to the topic* 
When I found this site it was because of the Chatango chat. The only reason I joined the Forum was because I needed to to use the TC.
I only really started using it the first time I was modded, and the only reason I went on Chatango was to watch chat in case something happened and no one else could take care of it.

Like it or not, this is a community. I hardly go on the Chatango chat anymore, mostly because it's pretty much dead nowadays 
But since I'm back now whenever I'm on the Forum I'm on the I.P chat as well. I like getting to know the people instead of just noticing that they're active.

Snowdoll is right, it would be DEAD in here without the chat. So instead of ignoring them, why not use 'em to get the Forums more active? I mean, don't go in there and just be like "HURRR DURR USE TEH FORUMMMMMM". Because that will just piss people off xD
If enough of us talk about the topics they like, or try to get people INVOLVED, then chances are we'll get more people actually using the forums. 
That's my opinion anyway lol.
Well a lot recently Iv been in the chatrooms everyday! Mostly TinyChat. I try to go in the Emo Chat room when there is a good amount of people in it. But Its been kinda fun lately to go into the chat rooms.
Ah how the hearts change lol.
lol xD
Lately I've been noticing more and more spam , on topics and actually on status updates. like I can name someone I've seen spam statuses like at least 10 to 15 times. irinapefraumenas is just one of the many. It just gets really annoying and I hope someone will do something about that.
And now reading the other topics in this section, I also agree that there needs to be more moderators because yesterday there was a whole topic on people's facebook info and that was up for awhile. I'm just saying.
Yeah I hate spammers too not much I can do if im not online obviously
Which is why there needs to be more moderators. -.- obviously
Yeah well we now have a new moderator and her name on the forums is Toxic_Melody.
Hey that's me
woot yay. Hopefully you're on more than Shawn is.. hehe
lol im online like 24/7 _______________
Lol not when I'm on, only sometimes when I'm on. Believe it or not though, this is my happy place
lol I'm mostly on in the mornings, I'll try to start getting on more at night.
Btw Toxic, hehe I like your music  you're alright with me
:DD sweet
call me cece tho
Hehe fines by me
blahh. I just want this day to be over already. I'm so fricken tired.
Lol your day could not have been worse than mine.. anyways ttyl.. cece
lol im always online when you are, Im just hiding in the shadows so u cant tell if im online
well that's not cool, shawn D: lol

talk to you later hun
lol
I might make myself be sneaky like shawn. ahaha
haha! Im a ninja
lol im always online when you are, Im just hiding in the shadows so u cant tell if im online No no no, you know when you're online -.- there seems to be comments on all the forum games xP ninja my ass lol
u cant find me now and Im online 

so yes I am a ninja
. *signs out and signs back in as invisible*
mwahaha
Awesome!!! WOOOOT!  We are Ninjas :3
ninja mods ftw :DD
Woot! Dont fuck with us Mods! We will ninja on your ass hahaha!
we'll go all badass ninja mod on those spammers :DD
mwahahaha
hell yeah we will! We are Cool like that lols
*super awesometastic ninja mod high-5*
what the fuck. 


I love you guys.
hahaha! Well we are married and we kick spammer ass all day long. Its our hobby (:
hahaha! Well we are married and we kick spammer ass all day long. Its our hobby (:  I noticed heehee

*snores*
Wake up sleepy head! D:
maakkkee meeeeeeeeeeee
Ill just tickle you to wake you up  And dont you me as a punching/kicking bag either D: Im your husband lol
well I'm not responsible for any injuries caused by tickling me D:
Ok D: *tickles you* =)
*flails*
lol
I don't feel like I'm the person I'm supposed to be, the person I want to be. I feel empty, scared, and lonely. I feel like I've been living someone else's life for them and making all the wrong discieans. I feel like I shoud be doing something, but I don't know what, like something proactive. It feels as if I can never reach my dreams or make them come true because I'm not good enough. I don't think I can handle life anymore.
Please. Somebody. Anybody. Help.
Awh, that's sad.
I know the feeling though.
Sometimes I don't feel like I'm the person people know.
But all I can say it try to act the way you want / feel like, you don't have to act a certain way just to please people.
Be your inner self. .  . It doesn't help much if you don't know who your inner self is.
But you're a teenager you're still developing and changing :3
Thank you. That helps a lot. I've been chaning a lot lately, and I think that's what scares me most of all.
It's not fun when you feel like that, My friend went through an identity crisis recently. She was under a lot of stress from university and she called me up because she was so scared. I went and lived with her for a few day's to help her. She didn't know who she was, she didnt feel like who she was meant to be, she didnt know if she existed or if what she was doing was the right thing and she couldnt stop crying 

If you feel like it's the pressure from other people making you change, a good idea can be to take some time out for yourself, go for a walk or try something new and meet new people. Lot's of people don't know who they are and it's very common to feel confused and uncomfortable with yourself, some people don't 'find' their-self until they're halfway dead
Lately I've also been feeling this way.. all the things I always thought I'd never change my mind about it.. it turns out I did. I actually just realized pretty recently that I could change.. that I don't have as much control over my life as I once foolishly thought. And that is what scares me-lack of control. I never believed people when they told me that my mind was rapidly changing and that my feelings towards things would change. But it's not happening so fast that I can practically feel it.
I am getting bullied a lot.  I have all my life, and it wont stop.  I get teased, taunted, and physically attacked.  Im not a very brave person or anything.  I guess i kinda let people walk all over me.  Anyone have any ideas on how to make it stop?  Its so unbearable...
You just need to get the guts to stand up for yourself. Or tell some adult about it.
^ She said the same thing Iv been telling you. You have to get the strength to stand up for yourself. If your not willing to stand up for yourself you are basically letting them feed off your emotions and wanting to hurt you even more. You need to stand up for who you are and Dont let these people hurt you anymore. And tell another adult who can help you as well so it eliminates more of this bullying. Be Strong Chloe! Im still here for you to talk to me about anything  Dont be afraid to message me.
I know dear :] Im just trying to see if i have any other options.
I used to get harassed like this at my old school before I moved away. People made fun of my clothes, threw textbooks at me, cornered me in the hallways, tried to shove soap bars in my mouth, beat me up, followed me home, sexually harassed me outside of school, cussed at me, wrote things about me on the lockers in the locker room, 

all of those things. I had to learn to get tough or die. But not aggressive I realized. I just had to be mentally tough. I finally had the courage to stand up for myself and respond, "Hell Yeah I'm gettin' smart!" well actually more like the taunting and sarcastic, "Nooo..I'm not getting smart with you..Why would I do that?" And I told the teachers about what was going on too. But it broke me down emotionally. I did start to feel like an outcast. So much that I started acting like a nutjob. And I don't know why. I already knew that the girls didn't like me so I thought "who cares if I make annoying car engine noises in the locker room before gym.."
And so I did.

My new school is better on that topic. I was really guarded at first though. I was a bit paranoid too. I see now that those people were just jealous because they didn't know how to be individuals. or somebody outside of the cliques.
i used to get bullied alot (and it was durring class in front of a teacher!!), and the sad thing was it was fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh grade, people are really cruel, but soon i understood that they where making fun of me to be funny weither i thought it so or not, i completly ignored them, i lowered my eyes and carefully and clearly repeated to myself "I am not what they say, I am me, I will be strong, I will not cry.", and thankfully it worked, so now when they bring up old things (I still go to school with them) i stare at them for a while until they finally say something like "You know we cool (My name)". i look at them and give them a small smile(Not real in the slightest), and an agreeing hum and not three minutes later i'm joking with my best friend like it never happened.

You just have to be mentally strong. You have to Love yourself no matter what people say about you, you'll always be judged, for who you are or what music you listen to or how your hair is or waht clothes you wear.

Being yourself is an amazing feat because not many people can pull it off.
I am getting bullied a lot.  I have all my life, and it wont stop.  I get teased, taunted, and physically attacked.  Im not a very brave person or anything.  I guess i kinda let people walk all over me.  Anyone have any ideas on how to make it stop?  Its so unbearable...Well, if I said "It'll get better on its own" I'd be lying.You have to do something about it, or it won't end.Tell someone about it.Honk honk -Gamzee
About two-three weeks ago i stayed up with my mate. We had a little thing between us, we basically were un officially dating. Stuff hapened, we were playing arround and... he almost rapped me.
Im just fucked up over it. I still care about him so much but i just want to break down in tears and hurt myself to the inch of death everytime i remember. :'(
I dont know how to deal with it.
Maybe he isn't the right guy for you...and maybe he knew that all along. Sometimes peaple will use you for their own advantage, and when you deny what they so desperately desire, they become enraged. What he did was wrong, and it should not be concieved differently. You may have feelings for him still, but you need to think about your own well-being first.
Whoa that's terrible Dx I think...you should probably avoid him, and hurting yourself won't help. I get you still care about him but if that's the way he treats you are you really sure you want to stay around him? If he tries coming after you again you have to tell him that you'll call the police. If he tries raping you, call 911 no matter what, because you have no idea if he might do that to another girl.
He just scares me. Honestly, i tried getting off him three times and i dont know how many times i told him it was practucally rape. His response: " it doesnt matter, you like it" i cant control the way my body acts can i?
You should honestly stay away from him. You'll obviously find someone better.
Just curious about what people think about it.

I just started thinking about it at random, and it personally scares me.
I hate it....Nuff said
I think there are so many creepers it's plain out dangerous .
i personally know some people who have tried internet dating and have actually been successfully regards to the outcome.
I mean, i wouldn't say I hate it,but I wouldn't say I love it either. what ever works for some people, I guess.
Well I dont really hate it, about 4 years ago or so I used to be in an internet relationship with a girl named ashley we dated for approx 2.5 years. We broke up because the relationship wasnt really getting anywhere and we prob never gonna see each other. But now she has a real bf. Im still good friends with her. I still talk to her a lot. Butif you put a lot of internet dating relationships into perspective most of them dont last long and if you are not willing to make sacrifices the relationship is pointless in my opinion and most likely will not work. I dont know I have a lot of opinions when it comes to internet dating but It can be possible if you are willing to sacrifice things to make it really work and plan on seeing each other. But Im always willing to retry things and make it work but who knows.
Not for me, I'm to paranoid, I don't trust people.
I personally agree with Dante's point. Lotsa trust needed and lotsa creepers. It seems like it would be a long distance relationship with more justified fear.
My mom does it. But I don't think I ever would like to try that.
I dont think its safe i mean i know someone that online dated and met up wiv this dude and got raped and murderd so idont thinkits a good idea unlessu deffently know who u r talking to ifu know what i mean
					
					

i do. i mean someone could just as easily create a fake profile as much as a real one. They could put that they are one age and actually be another. You never really know until you actually meet them. Not that I'm suggesting you should. Unless there are precautions that you go by and you're extremely safe. But even regardless, it's always safer to just not pursuit it.
Yeah. My friends make false profiles and, while it sometimes makes for some funny stories, people can be REALLY weird online. And not in a good way.
ikr. It kinda then leads you to be careful of who you talk to.
Yeah
I wouldn't do that with a stranger but (for example) if my boyfriend went to study abroad or something then yeah I would make it work. It really depends on the person but there are one to many creepers out there, and its just so incredibly dangerous overall.
(Amaya, that's an amazing quote XD I adore the Mortal Instruments series!)

Yeah, but long distance and internet dating are different, don't you think?
					
					

My best freind tam meet her bf online and they are still together and they live together and every thing
I personally wouldn't go on an internet dating site, or a chatroom with the intention of finding a new boyfriend, I think it's just creepy and you never know who's going to be on the other side. 
However. I have no life. quite literally. so it's very difficult for me to meet new people and make new friends. The majority of my friends are on the internet, and I don't see anything wrong with internet friends haha.

Just so happens that I met up with one of them while I was in glasgow with some friends, I'd seen him on cam before and I knew he wasn't some pervy old man either haha. 
Meeting opened up feelings for eachother that we hadn't had before. We've been together for 7 month's now, he's my first real relationship and I love him to bits :]
It's not really a bad thing or a good thing..As mentioned, you never know who's on the other side of the computer o_eBut from what I've noticed, when I get asked to be in a relationship by someone I met online, I usually know about their personality and know what they're like..Unlike real life where someone from school who I've never talked to once walks up and asks me out. I guess I have a neutral feeling to online dating.
Im seriously considering suicide. How do I tell my parents? How do I ask for help?
Tell an adult you can absolutely 100% trust. Don't put it off, either. Tell them right away. I guess it would be hard trying to find the right words. Try saying the same thing you wrote on here. "I'm seriously considering suicide." Ask for a counselor.
I tried to talk to my school counselor, but I ended up choking up and not saying anything. I just couldn't
If you think too hard about telling them, you'll hesitate and put it off. Just...do it. *To me, it's like killing spiders. Spiders scare the hell outta me, so when I see one and end up squishing it, I just...look away and squish them without thinking about it. It's a lame comparison, but it's the best I could do.
Well, i got home a few minutes ago, and my mom was alone at home reading a book, so I figured that it was a good time to say something about my little issue. I ended up backing out AGAIN and made up some crap about school. Darn, right?
after showing my mom my grades from school, she tells me that im a failure and she wouldnt care if i walked out. and a couple days ago, my dad pushed me into a door while pulling me off the ground by my neck. should i just listen to them and leave orrr.....?
 *my friend said she would come with me if i ever did leave because she knows what my dad has done to me....i thought this might help with your answers\advice or whatever*
What your dad has done to you?..
I would reccomend leaving, but, not just immediately. Save up money and plan it out or else you'll be in trouble.
Your friend should do the same.
Just be careful if you do it, though. Nobody would want to hear you got hurt.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
Are you sure you want to do this?
Honk honk

-Gamzee
well to me it sounds like your ready and there is no reason to stay. so in my opinion i thinking leaving is a good idea
what?
*sigh* I'm sorry Gamzee
Don't worry about it, sister.
I just kinda needed to vent.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
it's okay I understand what you mean
It's just, he was taken from me. I told him I'd protect him, and, I failed.
I wasn't there when it happened. I would've given my life for him...
Honk honk

-Gamzee
Gamzee you didn't fail. it wasn't your fault. you can't protect someone from everything
I know... But I damn well tried.
I walked home with him, I stuck up for him..
I got the fuck beat out of me for him..
I would do anything to have him back.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
i know, it's hard to let go, and it's not wrong to miss him. He'll always be in your heart though. and in your memories.
What heart? He took it when he left...
It's cold and hard and petrified.
*Sigh*
Honk honk

-Gamzee
well, create your own heart and start over, when you love someone you got to learn to let them.. Go.
 and im sure he gave it back, if he loves you that much, you just wont attach it to yourself, you keep on pushing your heart away from you.. but really its right there in front of you. And he wants you to take it.
I haven't felt love since he died.
I don't think I'm capable of it anymore.
My heart will ALWAYS belong to him. I can't take it back.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
AWEE... IM SURE HE WANTS YOU TO LOVE AGAIN, I PROMISE YOU..
I just.. Can't. I'm not ready.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
Alright, just think about it.
About what?
Honk honk

-Gamzee
Aww hunny im sooooo sorry for you loss  3months ago i lost my 2 gay bestfriends who i loved more then anything  Hunny when you feel ready give love another go
The thing is, I've tried. I just haven't found anyone I've loved since him.
I know love will eventually find me, but I'm not trying.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
i really need help again. things were starting to get better (ive only cut once, and it was tiny yayay!) but now things are dipping again. idk what to do to make sure i dont sink back into my hole. i feel so lost
I find that when I'm lost to look towards the sun for direction, or rather I look to the light.
My only light is the guy who lives far far away...
Find the light in everything, if the weather is nice be happy just because
your advice works :] still hurting, but im okay i think.
why dont look forward to the future?
i believe distraction works best
why dont look forward to the future?i believe distraction works bestI agree. At this point, before you fall downhill, you need to distract yourself.
Cry, don't hurt yourself.
Seriously, take a shower and cry like a fucking baby.
That's what I end up doing when I'm sad anyway.
Also instead of cutting, pinch yourself or something, leaves no marks.
Ohai. I'm Mia.I've been cutting and hurting myself for the past two years now... and I want to stop. Badly.I also have bipolar disorder so I can't control my emotions really...I need to tell my mom but I don't know how... help?
have u tried an band around your wrist and flicking it when u feel like cutting???
Yes. That didn't work...
I just need to know how to tell my mom though..
about cutting and bipolar disorder

i cut i found it easier not to tell my mum
but if you do she will understand if you tell her why and that u want to stop
just sit her down and tell the truth
yeah i agree, try and get her alone with you and say it straight up or else you might avoid it
its the best for it
yep
yep it is
you just posted for the sake of it then
no i mean it mia you should really tell ur mum the reason i haven't told my mum because she would kill me coz i am according to her following my older bro and shit'
but u should tell her it can only get better
that last bit is true
yeah and the cutting have tried u talked to some one u trust
you can talk to me if you want, i'm a good listener
Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyy!!! Where the old members? I miss you guys so fucking much! :/
SAMMY?!
AMBER?!
CECE?!
SHANE?!
LIA?!
MONKEYSAM?!
NKSUIDEK?!
LAURA?!
AMANDA?!
TOMMY?!
ENDOFGREEN?!

(sorry if I missed anyone. My memory isnt that good plus its been a damn long time)
					
					

YES! I was mentioned!
yeah Im still here  Yeah I missed you too zRedtide
I missed ya!
YES! I was mentioned! LOL. Of course I'll mention you   yeah Im still here  Yeah I missed you too zRedtide  Nice. We just need the others now )I miss you too. You always used to win at the "last person to post wins" ;D  I missed ya! I miss you too, Tommy. I can still remember your funny posts at Sammy's game. The three word story game... )
Yes!!!!!1!!
Good times, right? )
Heck yea!
Plus remember the time when there was this "meeting" and there was a table and we were all sitting and you were welcoming everyone?
Nice. We just need the others now )I miss you too. You always used to win at the "last person to post wins" ;D  I still do always Win haha
lol. it doesnt seem so right now
I WAS MENTIONED FTW

SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW

Hi by the way
Plus remember the time when there was this "meeting" and there was a table and we were all sitting and you were welcoming everyone? Lol. Emo(s) Anonymous. I'ma re do that too. xD
wut happened here?
Im still here Guys 

Tis been a long time...

i know samuel doesnt use this site much no more...
Ello
So so tired. You don't even know.

But hey guys 


Lol. Emo(s) Anonymous. I'ma re do that too. xD Yeah, please do it ))  Im still here Guys  Tis been a long time... i know samuel doesnt use this site much no more...  Samuel?   Ello hai   So so tired. You don't even know. But hey guys  lol. I'm quite tired too xD How about now?
lol. I'm quite tired too xD How about now? How about now what? xD
My account was wrongfully banned but they revived it lol
How about now what? xD lol. I mean how are you now?   My account was wrongfully banned but they revived it lol SHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANE!!!!!! I don't know why but I miss you sooooooooo much, buddy! )))))
I forgot to mention Rain and Ember. Sorry about that
I missed you too my friend
I missed you too my friend How are you Shane? When will you come back?
As much as possible
I just hope we can log on the same time next time..
Yo. im still here =D!!!!!
Meh. I was around in '09 or '10 but I was wrongly banned.
oh wow i started here in oct of 2010 and Iv been addicted ever since lol
oh wow i started here in oct of 2010 and Iv been addicted ever since lolI miss rambo and clark and some other old members.It kinda sucks but, whatever.Honk honk -Gamzee
SHAWN IVE BEEN HERE LONGER THEN YOU HAH!!
yeah I know
gawd thats a shock
Okay peoples i know ive upset some with things ive said, but please, can we all just be calm and respectful?  We have the right to say whats on our minds, and voice our opinions, and i respect everyone, even those who may have different opinions.  This is why the world is a disaster.  Theres so much anger and hate.  Lets try to respect everyones opinions, and try to see things from each others view.  There needs to be more peace and love in this world.  I do encourage people to voice their thoughts, feelings, and opinions, but respect everyone elses.  Peace=Happiness 
Thats not exactly why The World is in disaster.

War ==) Peace.
					
					

Lol youre right theres multiple reasons but i dont think a little more love and respect would hurt :]
Lol youre right theres multiple reasons but i dont think a little more love and respect would hurt :] Sure, Love Lead to Peace  Love Breed Hatred, Hatred Breed War, War Breed Peace. Love Lead to Peace
PEACE!
So theres this guy at school that is pretty cute and smart (somewhat lol) but he is extremely perverted. There is this one time where im laying face-down on a counter in our school's poster making room and he comes in front of my with his hands rubbing together saying that i'm going to do it and thats when i realized that he was about to slap my butt so i got up, kicked his ass (literally) and he was like aww vanessa, since you kicked me, i get to either slap ur butt or ur boobs and by then i was scooting away and turning the brightest red possible and said nevermind. then out of nowhere he slapped my thigh and it surprised me. he said sorry and rubbed it after i said it didn't hurt and tried again and was like damnn that hurt me and he was like im sorry so he hugged me and said something extremely perverted afterwards.There was another time where i'm going down the hall during 2nd period and i passed him in the hallway and i swear i thought he smiled at me because there was no one else behind me except an old lady. Another time was when he asked me do you want to smash and i SWEAR to God that I had absolutely no idea what that meant. i asked him what it meant and he said that he would tell me when i said yes. so i did....not the smartest answer .
tht sounds odee confusinng huh ill say trust him a bit but not to much
lol i guess n if he does beat the SHYT out of him lml
LOL i probably would but he has been working out lately so i don't know....
Who knows what it is.. quite possibly infatuation.. this is a question you need to answer yourself. I'll tell you one thing though: If he's 'perverted' I doubt he's that in love.
Who knows what it is.. quite possibly infatuation.. this is a question you need to answer yourself. I'll tell you one thing though: If he's 'perverted' I doubt he's that in love.I mean.. he seems like a strange one. O_O no offense.. guys usually say they love you but really lie.
lol theres always ways to get backk at themm
I mean.. he seems like a strange one. O_O no offense.. guys usually say they love you but really lie. that is really true, he is strange in different ways o.0well my mom said that if a guy says he loves you then it will be shown through his actions. if hes all talk then its pointless.
lol theres always ways to get backk at themm  haha there sure are ways (:
that is really true, he is strange in different ways o.0well my mom said that if a guy says he loves you then it will be shown through his actions. if hes all talk then its pointless.Yeah I see what you mean.. but he acts like a pervert then he's already a definite NO. And remember that if he loves you, he wont leave when times get hard.
Yeah I see what you mean.. but he acts like a pervert then he's already a definite NO. And remember that if he loves you, he wont leave when times get hard.Im not sure why I added that part.. it was sorta random but by my own experience.
Sit that motherfucker down and tell him how you feel, Y'know?
Who knows, maybe he'll feel the same way.
And Y'know, if he loves you back, thats great. If he doesn't, that's cool too. You just gotta roll with it.
I mean, love is a motherfuckin miracle, man; and you can't rush miracles. It'll happen eventually.
Honk honk =o).

-Gamzee




Im not sure why I added that part.. it was sorta random but by my own experience.  haha its alright but you are correct in that part but its still too early. he can be really childish at times but i still say that its too early to rule him out yet. its only been 2 months since we first met and started talking.
Sit that motherfucker down and tell him how you feel, Y'know?Who knows, maybe he'll feel the same way.And Y'know, if he loves you back, thats great. If he doesn't, that's cool too. You just gotta roll with it.I mean, love is a motherfuckin miracle, man; and you can't rush miracles. It'll happen eventually.Honk honk =o). -Gamzee well i really want to tell him how i feel but i know that hes going to balk and totally deny this.i have a feeling that even if he has the biggest crush on me hes going to totally deny it.so i want to take some time and get to know him better and see if anything is going to happen.i know that time is of the essence since he is a sr. and a jr. but if its meant to happen, it will (:thank you 
well i really want to tell him how i feel but i know that hes going to balk and totally deny this.i have a feeling that even if he has the biggest crush on me hes going to totally deny it.so i want to take some time and get to know him better and see if anything is going to happen.i know that time is of the essence since he is a sr. and a jr. but if its meant to happen, it will (:thank you 
Well, good luck on your motherfucking romantic journey, bro. I hope things work out.Honk honk -Gamzee thank you and i like how you added the honk honk at the end, it was cute (:
'Kay well, I've got this big problem.
There's a huge poser at my school that tells everyone about how much her life sucks, begs me to buy her "emo" clothes from Hot Topic, and brags about how she's "so emo". -.- You know how posers are.
Thing is, she used to be a huge emophobe. Back in the fifth grade we were friends and maybe in seventh grade is when I started getting into the emo culture, she bitched me out for it and was all "Oh my god I'm friends with some emo kid" "Get away from me, cutter" and now she's like "Ohmigod Jayy gimme a hug."
She won't leave me the hell alone now, and I've constantly told her that emo wasn't her thing because she doesn't even understand it. She sent me a picture of her wrist that she had sliced up for absolutely no reason, saying "I'm emo."
I texted back saying that emo wasn't all about cutting, it was a genre of music as well as a lifestyle.
Then she said that emo was cutting yourself for no reason.
I mean, wtf?
So now everywhere I go she's always constantly popping out of nowhere. I tell her to go away because she was a big bitch when she saw even the slightest change in me, and now she's suddenly my best friend?
How can I get rid of her? I'm a generally nice person and don't like being mean to people, but this truly pisses me off.
try and be nice and just ignore her like she's a bad rug
Thanks, but to be honest I tried that and she just got worse. It's hard to ignore a rug that corners you, grabs your arm and drags you everywhere.
then warn her that if she doesnt leave you alone your gonna file for harassment  charges and your gonna get a restraining order
Woah 030
Ookay, I can try thatt.
Thanks 
and you can actually do it as long as you warn her before hand you can even sue her but thats kinda mean
Okayy, it's worth a shot :3
Suing her is probably...not the best idea.
no i dont think so lol
xD Yeah. Thanks for the help :3
derka glad i could before i start bootcamp
^-^
Woooah boot camp?
yea in one hour
Woahs. 
Have funn?
ill try haha
'kay ^^
hah good like punk!
So, If you're hurting yourself because of pain. Dont because even if they're is only one life. There are other ways in that life though..
 Hurting yourself  it's not an option nor a choice that can be necessary for any damn situation. Maybe they're willl be things in your life, But here is what  you can do besides all taht physical pain.. Instead of having physical pain or pain at all.. Just do it in a healthy way like
 Drawing
writing in a journal
Writing  poems
songs
be in a band and rock out!
participate in happy joyful things
dont be afraid to be who you are
And if someone makes fun of you, Eff them and say go screw yourself cause you know they're a jerk .. You just know it..
You're yourself and theres nothing funny about that or wrong.. If god wants you like that, Thats the only thing that matters
And also tattooing yourself excessively  is like having all the answers to a test and know its right then scribbling it with all colors of markers.
so dont get 10.. get one.. Ya know. Dont hurt yourself... It's solving nothing... It's just hurting you more on the outside.. And how are you gonna be you with all those scars.
i agree with the above, while i do not, believe it, i doesn't work for me, but it should work for you, the days shall never end, live as many as you can. dont waste your time in misery
HUH? I dont cut my self ever.. And if  youre still cutting your self you need to fawking, stop.. because.. it dosent help.. Think of someone you really love and that person found out  that your doing that, and you popped a vain and had to watch you suffer in the hospital how do you think they feel?When you say youre not selfish, cutting your self is selfish your only thinking of your self.
i loves it   oh and  thanks!
Cool cool..
Youre welcome
Lol yes I do admit I punch walls...but actually that is not to self harm. I actually only do that when im extremely pissed off and let off some steam. And Usually within 1 punch its gone. But I have not done that in a very long time. Like sometimes if it wasnt for me punching walls there would be a lot of people i know with a few missing teeth....so yeah lol
OHHH! gummy bears
Lol yes I do admit I punch walls...but actually that is not to self harm. I actually only do that when im extremely pissed off and let off some steam. And Usually within 1 punch its gone. But I have not done that in a very long time. Like sometimes if it wasnt for me punching walls there would be a lot of people i know with a few missing teeth....so yeah lol ohh punch me !!Well does it hurt, I wanna try!!hmmmm..... Missing teeth looks like a job for Csi!Ahhaa.. You strong xD
Uhm no .
Man.. i never get hit D:
what if i tickle you? will you still hurt your father.. and then gave you chocolte when you did what i say good boy lol xD
why would you want to get hit o.o I Dont get it 

I wouldnt care if u tickled me 

No I wouldnt ever hurt my father....he has enough medical problems to deal with he doesnt need more drama from me. Im confused by that whole late statement lol
Lol.. I dont even Know..
Aha ok.. * tickles you, Touch your hair then runs.. 5 steps away planks you* wooot!!!
awee
..
haha!! WOW! hey no planking!! Thats the most annoying thing EVER!!! Just like Owling thats even more annoying!!!
ahaa!!ok Sorry .. i just twickle you
lol dont be sorreh! Its fine lmao! xD
Yay! ahah,... O_O
kurt cobain so funnehhh xD
say his last name in a deep voice an dthen say cobin instead of cobain its funnehh
lol Still making fun of what she said lol
Lol. she's just aweshome like taht

 ahah did you try it xD?? AHAH * TICLES YOU, TOUCHES YOUR HAIR AND RUNS AGAIN* WOOTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah 

Nope i did not  Wow! Dont make me chase you, you cant escape from me xD
AHAA.. I WILL FLY Xd
woooooooooootQ!Q!!!!!!! ahha
 i 'm not scared of yOU
haha xD when did u all of a sudden get the power to fly?
Yes sir!!
 Xd i play halo too much xD

 i can punch yah harder the n yhu can punch me..
Shawn: *punches me*
Me:*flies to africa*
i never punched you
Lol.. I'm just saying, I you did I would flyto Africa and stay with the cute elephants puuuuuurrrrfffftttttt!!! ( MEh awesome elephant noise)
haha
Punch me lol  I'm bored prft
nooooo  NEVERRRR!!!
Pokes ya* punch me!  lol
Lol funny ppl these days kids I'll never understand dem Lol wait I am 1 lmao
lol  Im not a kid but I act like 1 sometimes 

and I would never punch you
Lol  Punch me I'm still.. Bored
nO PUNCHES FOR CHU BUT YHU GET MII SKITTLES THE UNICORN GAVE ME SKITTLES TEEHEE
you do know it came from his ass. xD 
@endofgreen15  Punch me I want to know how hard you punch.
lzzy you can punch me too xD
OK *FAKE PUNCHES YHU* OH YHU FLINCH *PUNCH* TEEHEE kURT cOBIN
You just had to punch me, Dont have to make me flinch  ..
agahhahahaa
I so Sowwy *hugs yhu*
Lol it's okay  endofgreen get on! So you can punch me
Im not Punching you EVERRR!! xD
Shes violent in real life too lol
How would  you know? pOKes.. Endofgreen while he's playing call of doody.. xD
CAN YOU PUNCH ME NOW!?
lol Yes I been playing call of duty nonstop since 430pm friday xD Its double Exp and Nuketown 24/7 So yes ofc Im gonna play lmao

AND NO I WILL NEVER EVER PUNCH YOU!!!
You Bore me!!!
 Punches you.. will you punch me now?
lol Im sorreh 

You can punch me so hard i lose teeth and a broken nose but i would would never punch you
Ahha I'm joking
Awe, But you need to defend yourself lol
You Kurt cobin !! Punch me lol
Me no punch yhu, YOU SWEETT  ^o^
I have cut myself and i have tried to commit suicide many times before but i stopped for my friend Sean x I saw how it upset him that i wanted to end my life so thanks to Sean im still here and we have formed a band together called Blood Red Tears
That's awesome!  And music Helps alot
I thank my friend Sean x
Lol.. Yeah thats the main Thankage
BLOOP
bleep bloooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooopp
Bored much?
yes.. i wrote things on post it notes and put it on my back and walk around with it.. i got kicked 4 times by my dog O_O
im bored too, prob gonna play some BO for a bit then go to sleep xD
I wanna play hypothetically :0
awesomeness! i want to play too asian mon
lol
 dont call him that xD HE'S NOT ASIAN THAT'S NOT LEGIT Xd
I KNO BUT ITS FUN SAYING ASIAN MON
lol yeah I realize that, you say it alot
I know i do ASIAN MON
xD You didnt listen to me Izzy xD
Pewwwwwwww
this is really awesome! I totally agree with you!
i agree!
Mimi: ( I want to say this should go under Gender and Sexuality X) ) For a long time (well, 4 years) i've been hating being a girl. A lot of women say "Be glad of what you have and how you can use it." ... I'm not. Not at all. I've always wanted to be a boy. I even feel like a boy, now i dress like one but that's not enough for me! I've also hated my skin color (i know it sounds wrong but...idk), I'm black and i just don't like it. At all. My Decisions i want to see out b4 18 or 27 are: Breast reduction (I am a D. I don't what know what number though~)Sex Change (If I get this done the 1st one goes with this as well.)Tubal ligation (Only if i can not see out the Sex Change.)Plastic Surgery To Change Skin Color (I highly don't know about this.) I want to know what you guys think about going through, at least, the 1st 3.I don't care if you don't know me, just what you think.
i think you should just be yourself
Mimi:

Thing is, after all these sets are done
i will be myself, on the outside at least X).

I never felt like me whenever i look in the mirror.
yeah same here, your signiture relates to me too
Mimi:

Heehee, ya welcome.

please does anyone know, i think she might of killed herself, i need to make sure, i hope i'm wrong, but please reply!!!
Have faith my friend
i have said to myself that if she's not back in two days, i'm going to have to label it as the worst has happened....
You shouldn't give up so easily
this is the forth day i've been waiting, i cant help but think the worst has happened
Hun maybe shes just busy or something =/
think positively =)
if i could think positively i would never of cut would i?
NO!!!!
DONT DO IT AGAIN!
i meant i never would of started. but my head doesn't work that way, it only sees negative i cant help it
i understand ...saaaame with me =/
yeah
it's been 5 days  maybe she really has....
I really Hope she Hasn't D:
yeah, this is the forth day....   this cant be good
wooooooooooooo, she just messaged me, she's ok :DDDDD
see? what i tell yea
Shaddup
Hiyas.... me and my gf have been going through alot lately... she's recently just seemed to have been being happy again but now she's getting upset again.... she keeps thinking down about herself and it really hurts me too... she keeps thinking she's not good enough or not pretty enough when she really is exremely pretty and probably better than me even... idk.... well idk what to do when she gets into these moods... i try as hard as I can to cheer her up but she'll eventually feel sad again... I just want her to stay happy and forget about what other ppl think...any ideas??
I bet she has someone in her life constantly telling her she's worthless or she's ugly, I'd go out on a limb and say it might be one of her parents and if not them someone still close to her
well how do I figure out who it is and help things?
Ask her
Guys! Where's Scribe??? :/
alive and kicking as always, I'll give him a poke...
Oh. I don't see him post recently. I kinda miss him :/
He avoids all the new people. He believes the integrity of the site has degraded due to the influx of a variety of people. I.E. Creepers, Stalkers, Whiners, Crybabies, and all around Idiots. Or so I've gathered.
Oh. I agree. That's why most of the old members left.. ( (I left too but I guess I came back)
Hmm... Won't he at least talk to us, the old members?
Sure, On Chatango (but he kinda ignores that too) Or MSN.
How about here? Here is fun too...
D: COME BACK SCRIBE!!!
Won't he at least talk to us, the old members?Yes.
Yes!  Maybe we can have this thread for only the old members and you? 
So how are 'ya?
Scribe it is good to see you
Yes!  Maybe we can have this thread for only the old members and you? So how are 'ya? Not so well.  How about all of you?
Why not so well? I'm doing fine. Especially in my academics
I'm doing alright, besides the fact that I want to throw this keyboard out a window....
Wait. I qualify as old, right? xD
Why not so well? I'm doing fine. Especially in my academics Life stuff really plus work stuff.  Nothing really notable.
Scribe are you no longer an administrator?
I think he isnt anymore. What happened Scribe?
I think he isnt anymore. What happened Scribe?Stopped logging in and stuff, lol.  Then I just stuck to the chat then I didnt even use that much.
lol.
Aoi: With the personality disorder Mimi has, she made me to fill in the fact that she'll never be a boy anything soon.I've been here for 3 years and i've been friends with her for a long time. Sadly, after all the therapy and shit we've been through her mom still thinks it's another "name" she mad up and went to far with it. Since 5th grade, Mimi's been changing her name, using names from shows and books starting with Hinata Hyuga in 5th grade to Italy Vargas when she's in 9th. So her mom just thinks it's another way of being different. Mimi hasn't been taking control of her body and leaving me to run it. I was able to get her mom to call me Aoi but she still thinks it's Mimi. Her therapist knows it's not odd for her to come up with another personality to make her happy and we are now trying to get her mom to see that as well.At this time Mimi's scared to come out. I only hope this will end soon.
just clearing it up, you aoi and mimi are like split personalities?
if not i'm confused
We are but they didn't say Mimi has DID. Instead they said she has Borderline Personality Disorder.
Her therapist told us that's how i came in but Mimi and I really thinks she has DID
T.T.....thats too much for me to take....
I understand, sort of kind of, message me more clearly the problem.  and we'll talk 
i think it makes perfect sense!
I understand, sort of kind of, message me more clearly the problem.  and we'll talk 
um so everythings gotten to be too much. i was happy and things were great for a few weeks, but im not sure if life is for me.  im not strong and dont really know how to handle anything.  ive been going to therapy, but it really hasnt helped me lately. i really think this is it. thanks to everyone thats helped me, but im not worth it.
what makes you say that? o.O
i dont think you see your self too clearly.
life is what you make it. so make your self happy!
Ok I am 14 a girl that i am dating is 12 is that wrong i am trying to figure this out.
If you really like this girl, then no it's not wrong. Simple as.
No.. Your 14, What's wrong? I mean If you  Guys love eachother a lot and at that age, there's no Problem. You're Fine..
i think that you two are prolly in different walks of life. if you are questioning it.....idk im not the doctor but arent you in high school and theyre in nmiddle...so....maybe dating someone in the younger highschool grade?
if you guys really love each other then no
Life is getting to be too much.  My boyfriend julien died in a car accident on july 30th, and my best friend caleb commited suicide on november 14th.  The pain is tearing holes in my soul.  They were the closest people to me. I cut contantly to relieve the pain, but then ten minutes later its back.  Im so lost about what to do anymore. I just want it to be over.  I want the pain to be gone.  I want to be happy and not feel like this.  I want to be with my sweet julien and caleb in heaven.
i know how you feel hun, my cousin killed herself  a year ago and i was there..i watched it happen..
i still go through hard times. i go all numb inside. i'll never forget her ever.!!

i wish i could just go back in time and see her face. if that was possible fuck id bring her back!...

but i realsied its not the end of the world
i think you should probably talk to a person thats in your life....a family member perhaps or counciler ... if not, read on
you are not going to heaven if you kill yourself. simple as that. youve got to wake up each morning. theres no suicide option.do you want people in your life, people who care about you right now, to be feeling what you feel? the hallow emptiness of true pain? whatever youre feeling im sure you wouldnt want to pass on to your loved ones so please...consider other options!!
You can't kill yourself. I know life seems horrible now, but Julien and Caleb wouldn't want you to die. As harsh as it sounds, death is a part of life, and we can't have life without it. But you have to live your life the best you possibly can. Never forget them, and always dedicate your triumphs to them. There was a girl who's boyfriend died in a car crash, and she was pregnant with his baby. But she carried on, and built a bike park in his memory. So now is your opportunity to make your life amazing. You have something to live for, for them, because you should never give up. And they would want you to live your life to the fullest. But always keep them with you, and think of them everytime you do somethng amazing, or see something absolutely beautiful.
Be strong, and if you ever need to talk, I'm here. x
Ive been really happy lately (im gettin better thanks to therapy), but im having one of those moments where im standing here in front of my mirror, staring at my body and just hating every sing part.  I just wanna go find my needles and pierce every inch or skin until the ugliness is hidden.
doesn't everyone at one point?
it doesn't matter what you look like okay..trust me.

i finally accepted for who i am and tbh i like it.
agreed ^^^^^^ its the fact that u got to say "hey this is me and people got to deal with it" or something like that
totally agree. Just be comfortable with who you are because that you and people should just except that. Everyone is beautiful in some way.
Judging from you Profile Picture, I can tell that you love peace, but it look like you want to start a War with your body.

Change the Pic, you are staining its meaning with your Ridiculous thoughts. (i hope you take this in a good way)
Im good now.  It was just one of those temporary sadness things.  I realized i was being crazy and yeah.  I really do love mahself :]
well am glad things are better. If you ever need anything i am here to talk.
Havent cut or pricked for three weeks, but i broke my streak today.   Im so mad at myself.  I didnt mean to, but i wasnt thinking.  Thats pretty obvious by the placement of the cut.  Goes all the way up the top of my arm.  It keeps peeking out from my tee.  Im so pissed at myself.  I need to get back on the good road but im kinda lost...Help anyone?
Im chloe.  September is really depressing me, because i should be having a baby girl in three weeks, but im not  Got pregnant last january, and a few months later, i had a miscarrige.  It killed me inside.  My little baby girl died.  I keep asking god why he did this to me.  Why he didnt even give her a chance.  Its not fair.  I was honestly excited.  And now i cry every night because i keep thinking its my fault somehow.  Idk.  Im just so upset.  I wanted my baby to have a chance
awwwhs sorry to hear that hunny  if you need a friend or someone to talk to im here
i feel so guilty...i keep thinking it was the alcohol and the pills...
sweetie dont feel guilty  my step mum had a miscarriage she had to take pills and she was drinking to mask the pain ! the baby died due to stress on the cord. I was suppose to be a big sister to a lil brother but i lost him and thats when i started cutting again
A good person forgives others a strong person forgives themselves
i feel like shit...i want my baby girl...its so hard to be strong and not breakdown...
awwhs hun im here for you okaays
im just so worried bout slipping back into the old chloe...
Awww thank you!! Chey (DUH) is my best friend like forever until well yeah you know haha shes the best friend a girl could have! Id lose my head if she werent there to knock some sense into it xD Love you
My bestest friend is my babyboy Sean (Vampire Puppet) he has helped me so much  i love you bubby
just doin my job, i love you too.

my two best friend are tiffy (of course) and mimi (Aoi-san)
Self hatred is something i'm really sick of having but everytime i stop hating on myself i always tend to hate myself more,It really makes me exhausted during the day and i constantly feel hated by everyone and everything -Sigh- Does anyone else have this?
I know how it feels. I once hated myself for not passing an entrance exam..
I hate myself sometimes. Usually if I can't do something right, or if people are hating on me. It sucks I know.
I feel like this most of the time i feel like everything i do is wrong cuz everyone yells and screams at me
-Sigh- I mainly get it at school,But recently it's been happening at home too .__. It's really annoying because i end up taking it out on my family&they don't know why i suddenly rage at them :L
Be honest with yourself and your family.
So guys, do you think it's normal if someone, out of the blue, suddenly thinks that putting mice in blenders is fun? o.0
ahh, no, i wouldn't say that and i would advise against it because most serial killers are people who did these kind of things as kids
Oh. For you it's not normal then..

Anyone else want to comment on this? (please do)
Oh, really? No, I'm not accusing you. I'm actually glad that someone replied to this. And I don't want any trouble with anyone. 
By the way, my name is Keith.
yeah, i'm not i was joking 
i tend to do that a bit lately.
and i know your keith  your a screamer
Oh. Wait, so you're saying it's not yet proven scientifically that most serial killers did these kind of stuff as kids? ^^
lol. Yes, I am 
I believe you're Sean?
no, statistics show that 9/10 serial killer do this kind of stuff as kids.
...how do you know my name is sean? O.o STALKER!!!!
Ohhh.lul o.O

I'm not a stalker. xD
There was a thread were I was in and someone said your name was Sean
i know, tiffy said it, i'm fairly sure it was that thread that i found out your name was keith and your a screamer, do you remember what instrument i play
I think it was the guitar ^^


(other viewers of this thread, please answer my question)
ding ding ding, correct, i'm a guitarist....wooo
Yeah. Uhm.. Where did you get the information about the 9/10 thing?

(other viewers of this thread, please answer my question)
my PE teacher told me a while ago.

(other viewers to the thread, what he said ^^^)
Oh. What was the topic about?
drugs i think, but then someone mentioned putting their cat in a freezer, or was it, something else....
ewwwww.... The food'll get contaminated o.O
that's exactly what i thought
lol. Wait, what time is it there?
10:52 PM, what aboiut you
Oh. So you live near Asia? 

Its 8:53pm
I'm Australian and you are....i dunno, i f i guessed, i would say;;;;;;i dunno, veitnamese, i dunno, just kidding, i have no idea
Ewwies putting mice in a blender is like animal cruelty and im against that
Mice in a blender is like.... agh its sadistic and cruel
So,My sister is like 3 and she has conjunctivitis and like you can see blood in the top of both her eyes and the doctor's think she's been hit in the head and like i was suppose to go to my best friends house but i told her i can't go because i wanna be at home for my sister&Now my best friend is pissed off at me and she hasn't spoken to me since i told her which was yesterday morning u__u
Should i try and talk to her or just not worry about it?
Talk to her, Telll her your family needs you right.. and be like if someone you loved were hurt i wouldnt mind if you stayed home.. Or she can come to your house.
It's a bit late,We're no longer friends..
It's a bit late,We're no longer friends..
Oh alright, anyone that selfish is not a good friend anyways.
Indeed,Unfortunately she thinks i'm the selfish one.. -Sigh- According to her and everyone else in my class meaning the rest of the girls in my class believe i'm an attention seeker,Which she's right in a way..I always tend to do what pleases everyone but myself,She also thinks that i talk more shit than anyone which in a way i do talk shit but not as much as half the people i know..
and she's also a liar.. She dosent deserve a friend like you.. or any at all
Unfortunately she has more friends i'll ever have due too she's a out going; i sing out loud but i'm actually shit,don't give a shit,I'll act like i'm gay because it will just make me look hotter,i know i have big tits so i'll just tell everyone,my life was so dramatic my mother beat me feel sympathy for me.. D:
No you didnt at all xD I would have donte the same thing express how im feeling and stuff
Okay,Thanks..
No problem
wow i am sorry your friend was like that. i know i read this thread late. i hope everything turns out okay for you and your family.
Mimi: For as long as I can remember I've always hated my father. I believe it was because he left before mylittle brother was born (A year after I was born) and wasn't in my life until i was 6. For a long time we've been ok withouthim and all I can say is we didn't need a father to be family! Now I'm 15 and wish we would leave. It's not ease cause nowwe live in the same apartment complex just different apartments so now he can come over everyday if he wish. My father has Diabetes and its been 2-3 years now. When we found out he was in the hospital, he had slipped into a coma andcould have died. When he got out i was happy nor sad. I didn't feel anything. But now, looking back I wished he did die.I know it's wrong but I don't feel that way. One time I had a dream that he had died and i was looking at him. Then smiled.
i feel the same way, about my father, i dont care if he dies, i wish he would just hurry up and die or get killed,  but my step.....my hate for him, is soo strong it often drives me literally insane and i have nearly killed, he was sleeping and i had a knife, i got right next to him with the blade high in the air, i was ready to just slice down, end his worthless, life. but something made me stop....it was nexas. i think you know who nexas is mimi....i went insae and then hid myself from the world, afraid of myself, and nexas took over
Aoi:

Yeah she knows, we really wish to talk to you both again but it's been hard since the Labor Day  Weekend was over.
I can't say much on how she feels about her father but i do know she feels the same. She wants to kill him and had found out that
if he dies my someone/thing that she had no part in she wouldn't be happy. The same with her younger brother. She has a lot of hate and she can't hide it.
When she dose it's not her, it's me that keeps her sane. If i may ask, how do you feel about your father now? Like, do you two even talk or...?
If you don't want to tell me it's cool. For a while Mimi hasn't really seen her dad. She won't look him the face and i'm always the one out when he comes over.
Well for 1, stop cutting it hurts me like hell to resist but its possible, for 2, I hate to say this, and Im sure you'll hate to hear it,....but I prefer him over Jake. but honestly its your choice. Its either the boy who will drag you down or the one who picks you up.
Either way I should probably keep my mouth shut before we have a repeat of that time I dont like to talk about....but no matter what I love you and I hope you can get through this
i may aswell stop helpng people/giving advice.
it always ends badly so im just going to stop...

sorry to everyone if i'm being a pain. you guys must be really annoyed coz im posting all these threads.. ill stop that too.

maybe i just need a break from people..

Laura xo
Laura, dont stop giving people advice, there will always be someone who doesn't agree and you cant stop helping people because of that
i always fail misserably tho..

i just think i need space to think and shit..i need a break
i always fail misserably tho.. i just think i need space to think and shit..i need a break Yes, I agree. I think you just need a break. )
Yes, I agree. I think you just need a break. )Don't we all tho?
If uv been giving advice to anyone, u deserve a break, even if u dont think u helped. And i can help in ur place laura while u take ur break, i dont hav a life to take a break to, so its all i can do
it has made me so stressed lately =/
I know you shouldn't give up helping people, the best thing to do is to improve in that.
And of course when you're trying to help for a right reason,sometimes it might go wrong for the wrong reason
And when you help people for good it's always right. An I understand people don't even say thank you. Well you need to tell
Them its best to.  if they never do after that.. They're losers  tell them just admit it. :]
i failed with my cousin...she ended her life while i was there
I'm sorry, I m pretty sure to support that decision she needed her self to agree.. Not you.. And i bet right now she'd want you to know that it was mostly her that agreed to that decision, i know you feel guilty, but sometimes its best to know, SHE FORGIVES YOU WITH ALL HER SOUL, And pray for her  , Its not good when you do suicide.
mhmm..i know..i tried a couple of months ago...
Awee..Well atleast you know its not good to :/
sometimes it is ...
IT'S NEVER GOOD/
in some ways it is.
im going to be posting a thread in serious discussion...
what my life is about
Well, Just express yourself in a more healthy way
it's called fucked up life....ending soon
I hope so, Just dont hurt yourself.. You dont need that to be happy.
Today at work Nathan, a slender punk kid with blue hair, punched my ex-boyfriend a few seconds after my ex slapped me across the face in the parking lot. My ex fell to the ground totally shocked as Nathan walked me to my car. People like him make me think(:
ill get straight the the point. my life is fucked up cause of my mental mum.
a few months ago she bashed me and it kinda was like she's addicted to it. it stopped after a period of time.

last night it happened again.
i fucking can't handle this shit no more. shes tearing me apart.
she makes me so stressed everyday.

it's her thats ruined my life!!

I FUCKING HATE HER!
and she's balming shit on me saying like, its your fucking fault that your dad has left and all that shit.

thats why i started drinking/cutting.....
truthfully im not good with this particular situation but im going to give it my best shot.

really you should just leave, if you are of age then go out into the world, get a job and room with a friend (if you cant afford to live on your own). she is obviously not a good mother, it seems that she has problems and she should see a doctor instead of taking it out on you. its really not fair for you and for her because she is destroying a relationship that could have turned out so well and is just pushing you away from her. maybe you should just give her some space, leave her alone for awhile, don't answer her calls or anything and live the life you want to without anyone weighing you down.

i hope i helped a little.
well im 16 now so yea...

i wanna leave and live with my bestie (NKSuidek) but he lives like 4 hours away =/..

but im going to try my best to live with him.
So 2 years ago I met this guy downtown, we hung out for hours, and became friends. The problem? He was a streetkid...well 18 y.o but still. At the end of the night he gave me a bracelet and a long hug and walked away never to be seen again. I wanna be friends forever. I need/want to find him somehow. I want to know if anyone knows of ANY way i could try to find him. Its hard because I didnt think to ask his last name. But any suggestions are appreciated.

I dont wanna hear that I should give up. Its not in my nature. I will try forever 
Maybe ask the police
You could ask usual people who are in the streets that you see almost everyday.. See if they know him.
No you see he was in town for that night, he travels state to state...that night when he walked away he was going to ohio to see his brother...i live in montana...

So yeah chances are like 1-100000000000000000 that il ever see him again but im not giving up :/
Awee...
That's Good 
Well, Hmm... Maybe he will come back for YOU.
Haha. Yeah hopefully he does. I just hope he can recognize me, my hair was all blond and very short and i was in all pink! other than his trench coat....
once a year i dress non "emo" to trip people out... i just happened to meet him when i wasnt in black :/ shit. I did tell him I normally dont look like that tho :/
Idk he said hed be writting that night down in his diary sooo maybe he remembers  hopefully
Yeah! and thats really cute how guys do that aha, write stuff in they're diary.. 
If it's that special to him, he'll never forget you
Guys, I really need your help. I just want the pain to end already. But the only thing I can think of is suicide. But I won't do it unless there really is no other option. Help, please?
Don't do suicide. I'm not gonna recommend you to theropy, cuz thats just stupid. Whatever your problem is, it is never so bad that you have to have suicide as an option. Besides, it may not feel like it, but there are many people who don't want you to die, me included. You are an awesome person that helps people laugh on bad days and when the old EP was here, people would always talk to you. There is no reason to have to commit suicide, so please, PLEASE! Never do it.
Awwwww..... Thank you, Rain. But.. You see... My dad... He might not enroll me next semester because I'm not being "good enough".. It would be so embarrassing if I continued living.. :/
Hunny suicide isn't the answer ! Try talking to a therapist or a councellor ! cuz if you commit suicide you'll hurt alot of people that care about you !

If you need someone to talk to PM me i'll gladly talk to you
Awwwww..... Thank you, Rain. But.. You see... My dad... He might not enroll me next semester because I'm not being "good enough".. It would be so embarrassing if I continued living.. :/Okay, let's get something straight. If your dad isn't gonna enroll you next semester, he must be the biggest asshole on the face of the planet. And of course your good enough! And it would not be an embarssment if you countinued living.
Okay, let's get something straight. If your dad isn't gonna enroll you next semester, he must be the biggest asshole on the face of the planet. And of course your good enough! And it would not be an embarssment if you countinued living.
Thanks guys.. I suddenly dont feel like killing myself anymore.. Okay. So I'm glad to hear that.But... (had to turn my computer and minimize and shit cuz there was a little kid staring at my screen. wtf.)Keith, hun, you should know I love you to death, and you're somehow like a little brother to me. You know you can talk to me whenever you need to, about anything at all. The only time I can't talk is obviously when I'm sleeping or at school, and even then half of the day I have access to a computer, basically. (kid's gone. kay.) But on to my point. I can't really say I know what it's like to be in your situation, so I don't know all the details and that. What I can say is kinda what Rain said. There are so many people who would hate to lose you, and myself being one of them, obviously. I personally don't think there's any real reason on this earth to want to kill yourself, but that's me. Sure, I've cut, but I never had the intent to kill myself. And I can't really tell you what to do with your life, just offer alternatives. Like I said, you can always talk to me. I've got to go.
Keith... I would make love to you to prevent suicide. Just sayin.
Okay. So I'm glad to hear that.But... (had to turn my computer and minimize and shit cuz there was a little kid staring at my screen. wtf.)Keith, hun, you should know I love you to death, and you're somehow like a little brother to me. You know you can talk to me whenever you need to, about anything at all. The only time I can't talk is obviously when I'm sleeping or at school, and even then half of the day I have access to a computer, basically. (kid's gone. kay.) But on to my point. I can't really say I know what it's like to be in your situation, so I don't know all the details and that. What I can say is kinda what Rain said. There are so many people who would hate to lose you, and myself being one of them, obviously. I personally don't think there's any real reason on this earth to want to kill yourself, but that's me. Sure, I've cut, but I never had the intent to kill myself. And I can't really tell you what to do with your life, just offer alternatives. Like I said, you can always talk to me. I've got to go.  Keith... I would make love to you to prevent suicide. Just sayin. Awwww..... I wish I could be with you guys.. You guys should know, that you care for me more than most of my friends.. ;')

^-^
well that's just how I was raised
)
Hey hun you saw my thread about drinking..yeah well please dn't do it..please don't!!
yeah lately ive been having suicide thoughts..and each dream every nite its always has to do with suicide..
Hey hun you saw my thread about drinking..yeah well please dn't do it..please don't!!yeah lately ive been having suicide thoughts..and each dream every nite its always has to do with suicide.. Laura, I'm okay now. You should be too. ) The world's just that beautiful
Good. The world may be cruel, but there's always a sliver of beauty that overpowers the ugliness. that is my Mrs. Ghandi wisdom for today
Embrace the pain...
about a year ago i started drinking/cutting for multiple reasons, my drinking got so bad it ended me up in hospital for alcochol poisoning.
i stopped thinking this is so stupid why the hell am i doing this.

it lasted till 3 weeks ago.
my drinking has gotten worst, it's not as bad as before but i really do need to stop again before i hurt myself again.

im going through so much stress lately, it it just tears me up inside.
anyone have any insperational words?
Laura, you just need to sleep a lot ad hang out with your friends and have a good time. You dont need alcohol.
Drink the poison lightly, cause there are deeper and darker things than you. I know, cause ive been there too 
Drink the poison lightly, cause there are deeper and darker things than you. I know, cause ive been there too 
i hang out with my friends but idk like sometimes i just wanna break from people
I cant find any sort of light in this world.  I cant find anyone who wants to take a chance on me.  Maybe im crazy, but this pain is killing me, so instead of suffering, i think im gonna end it...
Don't. I know it may seem like everything is going wrong, and like nothing is worth the time. But ending your life is not the answer. Never in my life has anyone fancied me or ever asked me out, and sometimes it makes me feel like nothing. But there has to be people who care about you. And if you can't find anyone, think about this. Why would I reply to this if I didn't care?
So never hurt yourself. There's a quote by Gerard Way, that I find really inspiring: "Sometimes you have to kind of die inside, in oreder to rise from the ashes of your former self, and believe in yourself, and love yourself to become a new person."
And there's one from Pete Wentz: "Just because today is a terrible day, doesn't mean tomorrow might not be the best day of your entire life. You just have to wake up and get there." If you ever feel awful, listen to Saviour by Black Veil Brides, or Believe by Blood On The Dance Floor. And never give up hope. Don't give up on your life.
And if you ever need to talk to someone, I'm here. So just don't kill yourself. The world is a kind of shitty place (sorry if swearing offends anyone), but at the same time there's so much to gain from it. So hang on. x
Today marks 14 years of sobriety for my father. He quit drinking 14 years ago after he asked the 5-year-old me how I got my black eye and I pointed at him.
I can't see him yet, but if he ever gets out and I he comes around my family, I think I'll be the one getting hauled off by a police car for murder this time.
Seems like you went through alot when you were lil ! I had a mother that fought with my father constantly when i was 5 months old. She smashed a whiskey bottle over my dad's head and i got covered in glass thats whyy i have alot of scars cuz my bitch of a mum i see her maybe once a month cuz dad still makes me see her
					
					

More than you can imagine.-.- Yet I'm always so cheerful and supportive.
*hugs* I'm glad your still able to be cheerful, most people i know would never be able to still smile after something like that were to happen to them. Not even I and i'm the happiest cheerful person i know. *huggles*
I really need someone to talk to.  I cant stop crying and cutting and its so bad right now. Please, if anyone wouldnt mind, i need help.  Ill give you my cell number if you wanna help me. Thanks :'(
whats wrong?? if u need someone to talk to my pm box is always open. okay??
I thought I'd spread the word in this specific forum of "Serious Discussion(s)" about a company called TOMS. They make mainly shoes and with every pair you purchase, TOMS will give a pair of new shoes to a child in need. If you are a person who wants to make a difference in the world this is a good way to do so. These shoes start at only $44 and are cute in my opinion. :-) Their website is www.toms.com/ if your interested; if not no one will judge you. Spread the word and thank you for reading.
I got soooome!
Wow, today whilst watching the news I discovered that one of my friends, Brandon Roberts, is being charged with murder. I have no idea what to think. I feel so many mixed emotions. Do I hate him, do I feel sorry for him or do I feel sad? Please help, what do you think? ;-(
I think you should feel sorry for him. Its a shame seeing someone you know/knew turn into a COMPLETE stranger and do something unpredictable. But then again, he could've prevented his angst.
To get this all down without any confusion, I have to tell the story from the beginning, so if anyone decides to attempt to advise me they in fact know the story in full....

   I'm Sky. I'm currently a junior, but it all began when I was a freshman. I moved. I traded friends for palm trees and smiles for depression. I didn't want to move. It was never an opinion for me. I was more or less forced to. When I arrived to my new home, I immediately started exercising. I have self-esteem issues that were only fueled when I began to attend my new school. Every girl that I saw looked, perfect...at least on the outside...anyways I felt the need to shed my twenty or so extra pounds I had yet to lose. It really all began from there. I joined JROTC at my high school, and I thought that it would be a great experience or at least fun. I was wrong....this is where I met him. He was an unexpected individual in the land of perfection. He was far from perfect, but like me strived to achieve outwardly perfection, at whatever cost. He and I were much alike. After being my first friend in a new and unfamiliar place, he striked to kill.
    He was my first relationship, my first kiss, and other things, but I never thought that he would be the first to cheat on me. I didn't think he could be that cruel, but in the end he was. He chose his "ex" girlfriend over me. I felt second best. I wasn't at my worst....at least not yet anyway. I eventually crawled out of my hole, but only for school. I didn't try to put on a happy face, it just came naturally. I hid my true self for the longest time. I finally convinced myself that I didn't need him to be happy, even though day after day I saw his face...he proved me wrong. It was early spring, the weather was warmer, and muggier might I add, and the sun was brighter than ever. He came back into my life, because I willingly let him do so. I knew I shouldn't have after the hurt that he had previously caused me, but I was and still naive. I loved him and I still do.
	He broke me down, lied to me, then in a fit of anger we were both in told me he had slept with my best friend while we were broken up. He said it was just sex that it didn't mean anything....that isn't and wasn't the point. He broke my trust, no matter if we were broken up or not, he had no right to do that, and neither did she. But he was the guy, he was also the one who had the option to turn her down, but instead did otherwise. He saved me from getting struck by a car later that day. He realized how much he missed me ( we had been on a break for two days at this time) and we got back together..for two days. He broke up with me on his 18th birthday. He told me he didn't love me and couldn't date me. I was crushed. I cried for months afterwards, and my little friend came by to play. The razor was my salvation for awhile. Until I was told not to cut anymore, so I took my depression out on my health. I would overexercise and not eat. I still have the anorexia tendencies, but that is for reasons other than this.
	Months had passed, summer turned into fall and fall into winter. We didn't truely become friends again until this past March. It was a few weeks before his 19th birthday. I didn't realize how much I had missed him. I missed hugging him, talking to him, flirting, everything. But there was a problem with all of that, we were both taken and had been for a number of months. He came to the conclusion that he never stopped loving me, and I him. But, I still deeply love my current boyfriend, who in a mutual decision, broke up to give each other some space that we need after almost a year of dating long distance. (He lives about an hour from me.) I don't know what to do. My ex from my freshman year, lets call him Victor, is off at Marine Boot Camp till October, and I don't want to lose my current love, hmmm who's name is lets say Adam. I am utterly confused and none of my "friends" are of any help to me. I can't talk to my mom because she will just judge me and try to convince me otherwise. I don't like talking to peers (i.e teachers, coaches, etc) because they hardly know the REAL me. I don't know why I ask people over the internet that I've never met for advice, but I guess it's one of the times that I mentally have no where else to turn too. It would be greatly appreciated if I was given some ACTUAL advice other than "Listen to your heart," "What is it that you REALLY want?", "Who is going to be better for you in the long run?", "Don't leave Adam, Victor will just break your heart again!" "Date Victor you two seem happy together when you're both around each other." YES I KNOW ALL OF WHAT I JUST PUT IN QUOTES. I'm just askin for some help. Thanks....
ok,so i know im late on this and all.and im not really sure on what exactly u should do.but i can tell u wat i think.and if u dont want it,then i wont force it on you.but all i can say is,mabe u should just try to focus on your self.forget the boys.i know its hard to forget about the ones u love,so let me say it like this;let them go.i really hope im helping.umm..yeah,focus on your self.do wat u want to do.watever makes you happy.learn how to be by yourself.or make new freinds.hobbies.dont ever hurt yourself in the process of trying to make someone else happy.everyone deserves to be happy.im sorry if this isnt helping.but if u ever wanna talk about this,or watever,im a very good listener.im young,but wise in my case.i hope everything works out.good luck
My Advice would be 2 Questions :

*Did Adam Ever Made you suffer ?
*What are you seeking behind a Relationship, Happiness or sorrow ?

But anyway, I agree with the Poster above. Try to Love/Go out With yourself First, Take Care of yourself for The Sake of the One who Deserves you, Make your Life able to welcome Him.
					
					

Well, I think that you should not be so over-conscious of yourself. Why do you have to be so perfect? Its an concrete fact in this world that no one is perfect, there are always flaws. The new school that I am at right now obviously has people that are not perfect. There are people who are over-weight but still wear shorts anyways or any other tight fitting clothing, there are people who has hair that looks like a clown but they don't give a shit, they don't try to tame it. They are comfortable with themselves and they aren't afraid of any snide comments or the whispered jeers that they may overhear. They accept themselves unconditionally and go on with their lives with their true self out in the open. There will always be people who like you and people that don't, whether it be a physical look or the way you act or anything else. Don't even pay attention to those motherf**kers, they are just a waste of your time. You should be yourself inside and out and if your "friends" don't accept the real you, then they aren't worth your time. Have confidence in yourself and the rest will play itself out.

As for the boyfriend dilemna, I'm no good with boys but what I'm thinking is that you need to figure out what you want out of a relationship. My mom tells me that when you find "Mr. Right" you can tell if he truly loves you with this actions and not his words. Its like that saying goes, "action speaks louder than words". He should make you laugh and smile 24/7, he should help you when you are in trouble, when he says that he will do something he does it, that he will never run away from any problem you guys may have, you will love you with all your imperfections and last but not least, that he respects you. Thats what my mom has told over the years from her past experiences and I hope that I was of some assitance and that you can quickly figure this out (:
I say... Go for the logical choice. Who can be there for you more, both physically, and emotionally. Which one are you happier with? If both are equal, then do a little pros and cons table for each guy. Compare the tables and see which one is, logically, better or worse.
Losing my infant son was the worst pain I have ever felt.. But the phone call I just received from the doctor telling me my baby's organs instantly saved two other baby's lives makes me somehow smile...
OMG thats so sad  Im here for you if you ever need someone to talk to
Him..? Well,He's my ex-bestfriend.. The whole thing is that we stopped being bestfriends because  his girlfriend decided to get between us and cause crap Eg.Text me and send messages from him and fake she was him and say how much he hates me and stuff. We haven't spoken since June :L and he messaged me 2 days ago and asked if we could be bestfriends again. I haven't replied because i'm not sure if i should be his bestfriend again,seeing as though he's still with his girlfriend.
Try see if you can get him alone and speak to him yourself without his girlfriend around to cause shit
screw his girlfriend best friends come before anything. Shes just a bitch and shes probably jealous that you have real friends dont let anything take your best  friend away from you or youll regret losing the chance to get him back
screw his girlfriend best friends come before anything. Shes just a bitch and shes probably jealous that you have real friends dont let anything take your best  friend away from you or youll regret losing the chance to get him back  Haha, Thanks and yeah we spoke yesterday and he said she cheated on him 2 times since i last spoke to him :L which was pre' sad that i wasn't able to be there for him and he told me he's gunna break it off,Which is what i've been telling him to do since we started being best friends and like he was telling me how he thinks she's the one and stuff but i beg to differ after all she's a mega bitch to everyone especially me,So yeah..
am i shunned??? whats wrong with me?
Hullo  

What's up? Kinda hard to say to a profile picture that they are shunned or not when you know nothing. Do you look all 'emo'? etc 
People (when around) wont shun you on here
Hullo  What's up? Kinda hard to say to a profile picture that they are shunned or not when you know nothing. Do you look all 'emo'? etcPeople (when around) wont shun you on here  Yeah, I agree. We are a family here
Last night, I lost it. Apparently, it was as if I was posessed. I don't even remember it. According to my mother, she had to restrain me, I guess that explains why I have bruises, and my nose fucking kills. I didn't get told all this 'til this morning... I woke up at my aunty's, wondering how the fuck I got there... Am I going insane? Like, seriously. I've been blacking out a lot lately, I can't remember what I did on Staurday, but I was told I worked a double shift. And yeah, I can't remember yesterday... What the fuck is wrong with me?
you might be blacking out or its just a shit memory. but i know for sure not insane.
No, I am going insane. I'm sure of it.
Well wat is insanity but an uncomprehendable way of behaving? Its not necessarily bad in itself, but blacking out and memory loss isnt good. I suggest asking some1 to record u for awhile so u can see wat happens wen u 'black out'
Yeah, well I'm being taken to a psychaiatrist, so I'll find out what's wrong...
Well i hope all goes well
Are you on drugs? Because that could explain a lot.
No, I'm not on drugs. And thanks kingdomkid1, so do I...
You're very welcome


everyone is right about you, you're really helpful!
Its all my pleasure  i figure if i cant help myself, i should help others more than as much as i can
You're a cool kid
I need some help. My school is huge and public and because im emo people keep asking to see my wrists thanks to the stereo type. My mom pops pills and my dad just had surgery and between it all im ready to end it. I've atempted it before but as im here to write this it obvisly didnt work.           Any sugestions?
Forget everyone at school. Talk to your mom about seeking drug therapy, and try to help your dad when he's in and out of surgery. Your family needs you more than ever right now, suicide isn't an option. Keep your head up and work on a different outlet instead of hurting yourself. People are too beautiful for scars.
Awww , and I thought I have it tough ha . 
Try and stay strong hun and if you need Im here to talk to xo
I'm really depressed. I get depressed everytime I'm alone and have a chance to think... My best friend got all mad at me and said stuff that made me cut again.... She has been with me through a lot and I have done my best to help her when she will let me... Now she is pissed and doesn't talk to me I'm so freakin upset and not looking forward to school because I will be miserable everytime I see her... I'm to afraid and hurt to talk to her.. I don't know what to do, please help?
Maybe just confront her about it. Talking things out always helps. Just don't be afraid to talk to her, because that's the worst thing you could do. Someone told me once that sometimes we don't build walls to keep people out, we build walls to see who cares enough to break them down. Maybe that's what's happening with your friend.
					
					

I was listening to Music of the Night from the 2004 phantom of the opera and i realized something: my luv story is very close to that between christine and the phantom minus super stalker and killing... I was there for her longer than anyone, and she still chose that douchebag... And now she cant take another relationship. Thats the only difference i see, but i could be wrong. What am i doing wrong? Do i try harder for her even though she said she doesnt want a relationship now? Im so lost... But i luv her too much to turn back.
So... 

Basically Im not a good person and I am messed up in my mind and have ended up in a trap where I've ended up kinda lying to someone I really like to try and keep them happy when actually I know i'm never going to see them and the fact of the matter is i need my sleep and I have a life and as messed up it may be, I like it. Talking to this person keeps making me uncomfortable and I would never want to use them or hurt them yet if i was to say I don't want them they would feel used and would feel immensely hurt and with all the other shit going on in their life I'm worried that they may do something stupid... 

But yeah... Eurgh, I need some sleep... 


Sorry that this doesn't make much sense but it does to me and If cece or amber are around and wana pm me to chat i'd apreciate it. Same with anyone else tbh...
Yeah it makes alot of sense to me to

is that honestly how you feel

all this time you just been playing me like i always am... im always the one that gets played... always :'(

dont bother trying to contact me... i dont wanna talk and i might not evn be well enough to talk... if you catch my drift
Lia no! He honestly didnt want to hurt u. Dont do anythin ur gonna regret cuz evry1 who tried to help u/stop u is going to regret it even more. Just relax and think this through, please dont do anything irrational
its been nine fucking months and then he dont tell me he post a thread about it ,.... i tink i have a right to be pissed...
Yes, u do, but dont exert that anger through self harm. Just gently diminish it, screaming, punching anything that wont blow up or shatter, breaking pencils in half (very satisfying), but please just dont hurt urself
thats exactly what he used to tell me to do....

HE PLAYED ME! HE USED ME!!!!!
HE CHEATED!

AND I LOVED HIM!

IM OVER IT IM OVER LOVE.... I OBVIOUSLY WASNT MENT TO LOVE OR BE LOVED.... I HOPE HE FEELS REALLY BAD... .

IM OVER IT ALL IM OVER LIFE ITS JUST FULL OF LIES AND BULLSHIT
But there is always a purpose. I just got rejectd by the girl of my dreams that iv luvd for 2 yrs and hav been her closest friend for longer. Shes my purpose still, u need to find urs. Maybe helping othrs on this site, thats a part of my whole purpose and its very fulfilling
i dunno but im over it all...

SAMUEL!  IF YOU READ THIS I HOPE YOU FEEL LIKE A TOTAL PRICK!
Just try not to hurt urself, ok? Please?
Im not making any promises
Just please try is all im asking. I cut, so i understand the need, i just dont want u to seriously injure urself
too late...

cant really rememer what happend...

but im in the hospital... :/
..... Please just dont do it again then
Good
Gah i feel like shit...

i think the thing that hurts most is i sent him pics :/
and now he just throws me away like that
Gah i feel like shit... i think the thing that hurts most is i sent him pics :/and now he just throws me away like that  ...Still got those pics?
					
					

I understand ur feelings, but i feel them too, trust me, any complement thats evr been made has been in the pursuit of self.
Why doesn't anybody every talk in the forums? People should be more active in the forums!
I know, right! xD
People talk in the forums... It's just that the post are usually all the same. Only so many times you can read/answer to one topic before you get seriously irritated with it and stop reading/answering to it.
We may have a ton of members but only a handful are active. 
I do agree, people should be active if they make an account. Hopefully the new changes will keep everyone on and posting.
im going to start from the beginning since it wouldn't make sense if i didn't.

so one day i went to go check my facebook after i hadn't been on for a while. I was checkin my pages nd all that other nice stuff when i got this message from some random chick callin me a slutty poser. i asked her if i knew her nd she said no. well, here's the convo:
"do i know u???"
"maybe."
"where would i kno u from?"
"idk."
"well i dnt kno u so can u gtfo"
"no. ur a slutty fag that should go die in hell. bitch."
"WAT?? I DNT EVEN KNO U SO HOW CAN U CALL ME A FUCKIN SLUT??"
"cuz ur black so u must b a poser. so therefor ur a slutty fag as well."
"....."
"mmkay. i win ^-^."
"please leave me alone."
"awwwwh. faggy emo kid wants me to leave her alone."
"please."
so then she stopped messagin me. 
i started cuttin after this cuz she made me feel lik crap. nd i think i deserved it. now im scared if she started some crap about "oh. she blows goys for 10 cents." or sumthin lik that. advice?? (im not sure y im askin a bunch of people that mite hate me or something but....its a last resort)
Block/ignore her o-o

If you know she's wrong (knowing you're not a slut/poser/ect.) why listen? My advice: Ignore the ignorance. Who cares what she thinks? You don't even know her lol. Don't feel bad because someone was an idiot xD

And if she started something, those that KNOW YOU wont care.
lol thanks
Hello, Everyone.

Just thought I'd let you guys know that things will get better if you're feeling down.
Lots of folks are thinking about suicide, which would be an awful mistake.
Instead, try to find a way to fix your problems by doing one thing at a time,
so you don't over whelm yourself with stress.
The bottom line is, a lot of people love you and care about you,
and if you commit suicide, 
you'll never get to see how many people will cry for your loss.
Whatever problem your facing, it's not worth your life.

So take it easy and try to work stuff out ( slowly )
Smiling also helps. (:

Good luck to everyone who has a burden to carry,
and whoever is feeling good this beautiful day,
Open your arms and hug someone who's feeling down.

Peace. (:
Suicide is never the answer. Never the way out. Its just selfish. But honestly JohnLikesJane, feeling happy for some of us isnt the answer either. Some of us r just too far in. So deep that feeling happy is the worst feeling in the world... Some of is thrive on sadness and anger and depression, but some of those people cant take it and take the selfish way out. I wont ever, becuz i remembr my purpose evry single day, evry single minute, evry single second, i remembr y i am here. And until im with her, i will not stop... But anyway, its good to have a person who wants to cheer us up. Too bad smiling hurts.
I agree with what you said. And I wish you luck on finding Her, that's a good thing to look forward to, and that's the same thing I try to think of as motivation o keep going. I just hate seeing people upset, because it reminds me of how I am when I feel like giving up, and I know how they're feeling. I also know that no matter what I say, they'll still feel suicidal. I've considered committing suicide many times, but I could never bring myself to doing it. There's nothing specific that keeps me from ending it, but I always do. I just hope that peole find the will to stop before it's too late.Suicide is never the answer. Never the way out. Its just selfish. But honestly JohnLikesJane, feeling happy for some of us isnt the answer either. Some of us r just too far in. So deep that feeling happy is the worst feeling in the world... Some of is thrive on sadness and anger and depression, but some of those people cant take it and take the selfish way out. I wont ever, becuz i remembr my purpose evry single day, evry single minute, evry single second, i remembr y i am here. And until im with her, i will not stop... But anyway, its good to have a person who wants to cheer us up. Too bad smiling hurts.
I agree, seeing people upset isnt exactly a hobby. Thats y iv dedicated most of my time on this site to helping people. Thx for the luck  And u can stop suicide with words, i hav already, u can too. I hope those desperate enuf to commit suicide can find a more creative way around it too
Killing urself will also  kill others inside
 :'(
I agree
trust bobby he has HELPED ME SO MUCH WHEN I AM SAD HE IS THERE HELPING ME ALONG HE HAS STOPED ME ONCE FROM KILLING MYSELF BEFORE WITH JUST HIM BEING HERE ON THIS WEB SITE FOR ME
SO BOBBY UR AMAZING
AND SHE WILL FALL FOR YOU
I JUST KNOW IT
Thx emmi  that means a  lot to me
Well iam  only tell the truth
i wouldnt be here if it wasn't for you bobby
cause u mean alot
It is my pleasure
thats cool
yeah, plenty of people on this site care about others, including Bobby, and myself. So if anyone ever needs to talk to someone, message him or me and we'd be glad to up. (:
thanks
I agree with johnlikesjane (again) our pm boxes r always open
its good that ur both there for everyone
welcome. (:
Its wat we do emmi haha
well ive needed u for along time ur a person i can truly trust
Its my pleasure (again) to be that person
true true lol u can trust me
I know
yea
I used to come on this site quite a lot, I liked it because there were lot's of people to talk to so I made some cool friends and I tried to help other people with stuff they were going through, but I can't do that now. I'm not saying I've always been perfect. I noticed that my mood and outlook on life was changing even then, if I'd known it would get me to the position I'm in now then I defintaly would of tried harder. I'm scared about telling people the things that are in my life becaue I don't want people to think I'm attention seeking. The few people that already know about my situation think that. And they're my family. So I can't trust anyone.I'm scared as hell and i don't know what to do. I'm not one of those people that thinks emo is all about suicide and cutting. I'm emo and I'm depressed but the two are completly diffrent things and to be honest being emo and and being okay with it really helped me for a while, talking to people like me. But it isn't enough anymore, nothing is. There are so many things that I have to say, you don't have to pay attention or like it, you can hate it and me if you want but it's eating me alive and I have to say. I cut and I've now got scars on my wrists and I can't hide it. I'll sit in my room and it will be about a thousand degrees and I'll be in long sleeved jumpers to hide myself and I know I deserve it, I knew what was going to happen, no one eles fault but mine. I like the sight of my blood and that scares me. I've also given myself bruises and I can't think of anymore excuses to make up for my black eye. I'm in so much pain and I'm just putting myself in more. A few months ago I planned to kill myself with an overdose of painkillers, stupidly I told someone on a site and the police came to my house and know what my mum done when she found out? She started screaming at me, I didn't know what I was expecting, she went insane at me and some times when she's drunk I swear it seeems like she's encouraging me to do it. Now I'm in therapy and I'm getting put on anti-depressants but I don't want to do this anymore. I've had enough. And I know there are people out there who will be sick of threads like this, thinking I should do it already. I wish I could help other people in my situation but I can't even help myself. and that isn't even all of it there is so much weighing me down, I don't want any of if. I'm sick of being alone
Heyy hun havent heard from you in a long time... 

you know im always here if you need to talk...
thank's, that means a lot
I know how you feel. I've been through that. My parents don't seem to care, all they did when they found out was get me a counselor and think I'd be fine. But honestly, they don't help. Just try talking to a close friend.. it helped me. I know sometimes liking to see your own blood and liking the pain can be scary sometimes, but if you need anyone to talk to, I'm here.
I certainly don't think you should kill yourself, having been there, I really want to help, if possible.  Plus I'll let you vent as much as you want if you do in fact wanna talk to me. I also don't think you should worry about your mother. She sounds horrible, but she has her reasons for getting drunk. Maybe she's depressed too, so don't worry about what she thinks or says to you in a drunken stupor. By the way, my mom threatened to put me in a psych ward when she found out I was cutting. So the yelling I also understand.
blah...:/ do you care about anything?
Seeing is that I don't know you, I care to a certain extent. I will try and help with anything that you feel you need help with.  Message me if you do in fact need help.
I have been alone for so long...
Never had the comfort of another who says i luv u back
Never been truly happy
I am heartbroken
I luv u julie...
I cant hold it in much longer. I need to tell her... Iv wantd to for 2 years... But i still dont know... I dont know if im worth her. I suffer for her, shes worth it and much more for me. But wat if im not for her? If i cant hav her... I will no longer luv again. But she will always have my heart... Help ;'(
its ok Bobby she would love you
It isnt ok... She shuldnt luv me... Im a wreck. I dont want to make her one too...
Try to find a new girl (wat school u go 2)
Ill pm u that info emochick (dont wana get raped :3)
And i will nvr find a new girl. She is the one... I feel it... And if i cant hav her i dont know wat ill do... Shes been my purpose, my drive for so long... And it wont stop now.
bobby listen you love her you want the best give her the best things you can give her coz i know and you know in your heart that you are worth it
don't become like me and my cinderalla story girl

DO EVERYTHING IN youR POWER TO GIVE HER THE BEST IN YOUR AND HER'S LIFe
I will do more than that emmi
thats it bobby
Well, u wuldnt be able to do much even if u DID have money. But to get money i suggest just getn a job at a fast food place or somethn. Theyr always lookn for new employees it seems.
Sry i cant be more help, im not well versed in running away Advice
its okay
Im taking a stand to help prevent teen suicide. im creating a website and everything but i need a few ideas. please help. Ive lost friends to suicide and it has devistated me and i want to help others from experiencing the same thing. all your comments and ideas will be greatly appreciated. thank you so much
Iv helped a few on this site, all i do really is tell them the truth in a more positive way. If they killd themselves, evry1 around em WULD be devastated, even if they dont think any1 will be. Killn themselves wuld be letn all those hatrs win. I tell em always remembr y u held on for so long, ur purpose. If none of that worx, i tell em my story (aka make em sry for me... Sad but true) and say if i can keep goin any1 can. It always seems to work, and iv savdn a few lives doin this... I only hope i helped
Just keep in mind that telling a depressed or suicidal person how rough things are for other people, thus downplaying their own problems, can lead to further depression. I say this because: Imagine feeling that low (as most of us here have) and then having someone come along and tell you about their shitty life and how despite it they are still holding strong. You would then look at yourself and go "How pathetic... A lot of people have it so much worse than me, no one really cares what I feel, it isnt bad enough." that may sound crazy but remember in a depressed state your mind, it warps things, you look at the world through a  twisted veil of negativity. 

One of the best things you can do for a person is to simply hear em out, acknowledge their suffering, attempt to understand it, and do not downplay it. simply being there for em, giving them something to look forward to each day, can be enough to make em hold on. Remind them of their friends and family, or.. failing that, remind them of you. Explain what it would do to you and any others they know. Bind them to life through obligation. I know that last phrase sounds horrible...

Being bound to life by obligation is a miserable and pathetic existence, believe me. BUT. it will force them to hold on. it is a flimsy and temporary fix at best but it sets them up in a position where you have more time to help pull them out of depression and reduces the risk of them killing themselves in the meantime. 

What finally got me, in the end, was this simple phrase:

"anyone desperate enough to contemplate suicide.... Should be desperate enough to go to creative measures to Fix what is broken."

To that you may answer: "but I cant be fixed, Its too late, Whats done is done... ETC."  well... cool then. IF it cant be fixed move along. If its too late... start over! and if its done then its OVER. now thats what helped me personally, however each person is different and works through these things in a different way, I would say on their own but that isnt true, It is true however that you cant make someone live, they gotta want to live. the only thing you can do is make sure they see the beauty in life.. You know? The sky isn't truly evil, Try looking up.
I agree, just sometimes it worx. Iv savd some1 usn my life, but u bring up a good point.
i dont agree with the making a person feel sorry for you because yes it can make it worse on them and push them over the edge. my whole purpose here is to save at least 1 life and i wanna be someone that people can feel comfortable talking to and i want them to know that i will always listen and not be judgemental
I only point it out because it worked. Thats all, i dont think it shuld work either... But it did once
I only point it out because it worked. Thats all, i dont think it shuld work either... But it did onceI totally think it would work! it just depends on the person. different ppl need different methods to help them. dont bash urself, yah did amazing and keep up ur good work!
Thx  i only help for the sake of helpn, i hate seeing people as miserable as i am
Thx  i only help for the sake of helpn, i hate seeing people as miserable as i amjust dont forget to try and Help yourself as well.
That option was lost awhile ago
My love for the man who announced himself as my father 5 years ago, is rapidly transforming into a massive steel wall of hatred around my heart. He has beaten me down physically, mentally, and emotionally. I am called mentally ill, dumbass, stupidass, fatass bitch, and numerous other names and insults. Even when mom was alive, and my brother still lived with us, he was like this. He was like that to them as well. Especially mom. But 1 thing he says, pisses me off so much, i want to kill him. He has, on several occasions, accused me of murdering my mother. And the strange thing is, he was the only one home when she died. You do the math.

He also has control issues. He can insult me and hurt me, but anyone else, is a threat to his authority. For example, a kid who is a total ass, and has been all the time I've known him, rode by and called me fatass. So dad finds him and hits his grandpa! Because he *doesnt hit other people's kids*. Which is a total lie, because he's hit my brother, really my 1/2 brother, because we have different dads. So that kid is in no way his, yet he used to beat him too. My father is a Total Asshole, don't you agree?
i kno how u feel.....my dads a total ass nd he's not even a drunk he's a police officer!!!!!!!he says dat "child abuse works" so im always scared outta my mind
mine just likes to pretend hes perfect. hes really the perfect narcicist. 

a police officer who promotes child abuse? he definitely sounds like an ass.
but i hopefully will be moving to my aunts soon. thats where i am now. but i might be going home 2day. hopefully not.
if you do, plan it out.us and make sure you have a place to stay, like a friend's house.
have u tried babysitting?
i cant find anyone who needs one
Seems nice
And helpful
He really is :]
yea he realli is
Aw, i feew so speciaw :3
hes like the coolest ^^ haha
Aw, i feew so speciaw :3if u werent  special then this topic wouldnt b here now would it?
Haha, fair enuf
~a REALLI bad day~
No, u did nothing to deserve this. As a race we r scared of wat is different or wat we dont understand, and our legacy is conquering our fears, so that fear turns to spite, anger, hatred, then wat hapend to u happens. Id think a 25 ur old guy wuld be more mature than that... Pathetic worthless douche... But u did nothing
I live with my mom in Wisconsin and my dad lives in Arizona. I want to move with my dad because of everything that has happened in the past 2 years. My mom's boyfriend has been abusing her for 2 years. They broke up and got back together probably 20 times in the past year because of it. When i found out he proposed, that seriously made me want to kill myself and i almost did. By the last quarter of the school year, my grades were getting to be Cs and Ds even though i'm a nerd. My mom didn't mind at all and didn't care. She would go out with him nearly every night, leaving me alone until 3am. Then suddenly, she started stealing my money, we got evicted from our house, and had to live with her boyfriend which i found out later that he has 2 pages of crimes of abusing people and drug abuse. My dad was going to do a emergency evac from my mom's boyfriend's house so i could live with him but my mom and her boyfriend ended up breaking up again. So by the last week of school, i had nowhere to live, i was sleeping on the floor of my aunts house, and i was worried about 8th grade graduation. Now that i finally told my mom that this is all ruining my life and that i want to move with my dad, she said no. That i can't. She is the whole reason i began cutting 2 years ago. Well i'm now legally able to make my own decision and if she still says no next week, then i will have to go to court and say everything to a judge. I really don't know what to do. Can anyone help?
I told my friend and her dad's a cop. I don't know if she told him but i'm guessing she might have. My dad's more layed back and is trying to help me talk to my mom but it's not working. I don't want to go to court. It might take all four years of high school if it has to and then it will be too late. I just don't know if i should really do this if there is a possability that it might take that long.
i think it does
I would just say it to a police officer directly or the school counselor. Or just straight out tell her what you think and just continue to tell her even if she tries to interrupt you. I think that you can go to child support services and tell them how your mother is treating you, and most likely you will end up living with your dad instead. I hoped I helped .
My mom is the same way so i know how u feel im here if u need to talk to someone with expirence
Im sry i dont hav experience with this so i culd be more useful, but ima try to help anyway... Reporting her to child services mite make it go faster (maybe, or buy u a lil time at least), counselors report the session to a parent (and since ur mom is there itd be ur mom) even if they say its totaly private, they tell the parent about it. Dont tell the counselor much, let justice do its job  if u keep going, dont give up, keep up hope, ull get through this. I promise. And if not then i hav an extra 2 targets on my 'to kill' list  and i will help u through watevr means necessary... Question, if ur mom and her bf died, wuld u liv with ur dad? If they proved it wasnt u i mean? Maaaaybe some kid aaall the way in colorado did somethn
I like a guy on THIS site but i dont know if he likes me back and i really want to ask him out. Wat do i do?!
Hmm... Maybe find out if he wants a long-distance or ovr the web relationship at all, then from there maybe show him wat u look like (important to a lot of people, nice to know for the rest), then for courtesy u culd ask him if hed send u a pic of him, then ask him. Hope i helped (as usual)
My mom popss pills and makes me work for her money and im only 13 thank god my dad is leaving her be deserves better anyone else have simaler prob
No, i definitely dont. My parents r still together and happy... But sooooooo overprotective. They literally wont let me out of their sights except for skool ans they make that as limitd as possible. They r good parents, but sometimes theyr TOO good. Soon their lil boy is gona be out on his own, but worse off than most cuz they dont let me experience anything, so ill be lost... All cuz of them.... But im sry, im just complaining about somethn most people r worse off in
I was swimming at the beach waterpark and a boy walked up to  and he was cute and nice and smart and sensitive with my kind of humor and he started saying something then he hesitated and said never mind and i didnt get his name or anything but i cant stop thinging of him (what should i do) any advice
Maybe try and find him again. Goin to the beach evry once in awhile and takn some time to look may work... If u can get his name, u can look for his fb or somethn, then u can talk to him lots more... Wish i culd help more
Idk his name
Hmm.... Maybe just goin to the beach and tryn to recognize his face? Haha, or stalkn him on fb tryn to recognize his face XD sry i culdnt be more helpful...
I suggest that rubber band on the wrist thing, or maybe usn really freezn ice pax? I duno if thats good for u though... So the rubber band thing's really all i got
i tried da rubber band thingy once....it worked for a lil while
Ok... Im sry, wish i culd help
I sowy...
its not ur fault
Try cutting something like a pillow and use ur imagination to feel like its u ur cutting
well i use bio -oil to stop my scars cuz school and my mum would kill me if she knew so yer

try bio oil 


and instead of cutting scratch with pins or something not as sharp as a razor or what eva you use
srri but i hav no idea wat bio-oil is....
Have friend hide all knifes and sharp objets
Replica watches with perfect quality will always bring you mircles and endless happiness. Have you ever gotten a piece of Replica Graham watches? If not, maybe you can try to buy one from us. They are really popular recently. One person ever said that Replica Hublot watches is the source of his happiness. He loves collecting famous brand watches. Since he is not rich enough, so he are very keen on Fake watches. Life is like the course that is investing all the time. He thought he can get more sunshine in his soul if he do it by his way. All the Replica Hermes watches, Replica IWC watches,  and Replica Louis Vuitton watches on our site are exquisite replicas. Whenever you go out of doors, Replica Longines watches will make you more eye-catching. Everybody in the world is seeking happpiness, and buy supreme Replica Montblanc watches help you find it. You will keep going along with world fashionable trends if you try to do what you would like to do by carrying fashionable Replica Maurice Lacroix watches. Replica Movado watches cost less, but creats much. It brings the daylight to the discouraged and the sunshine to the sad. Happiness comes from share and devotion. We are willing and honored to share our first-class Replica Officine Panerai watches and superb Replica Omega watches with you. If you want to know more about Replica Oris watches, welcome to visit our site for further details. Our Replica Parmigiani watches remind you the secret of happiness is to enjoy and cherish what we have now owned. We offer the best service with our carefulness, solicitude and sincerity. Please remember this : A lost opportunity never returns. Do not pass up our flawless Replica Patek Philippe watches. Wish you a very good time here.
My friends call me emo even though i dont look it but i love to express myself in ways they cant understand-does  that make me emo?
No. It just means you're different and different is good. Just keep being you. Don't turn emo just because your friends tell you that you are
I agree with cookies, dont change urself becuz others think of u changed. Different, weird, strange, all just mean not boring, and boring people suck haha. Stay as non emo as u can, im sure most of us wish we could go back to innocence... Dont make our same mistake
im not nearly innocent. i am suicidal with a death wish so big ive been put under suicide watch 13 times
but thanks for trying
I wish i culdv done more though
Try to think about the conseqences of ur future and how effected they were by what u were doing in the present if u started cutting in class
tried nd failed.....
tried nd failed.....
Try talking to school board  or convincing parents for home school ( im still working on getting my parents to let me be home schooled)
they'd get all worried nd id hav 2 tell them bout wat i've been doin nd they wuld send me off to therapy (again -__-)
try thinking of injuring a loved one and not yourself o you would hear their shrieks and yells
think of the person with the motto and if it were them
thx
So im only going in7th grade but i have already attempted suicide too many times to count. So i need ur opinion. Do i end it or defend my emo pride with my head held high (or low)
Do i have what it takes to go on
so jus dnt let wat haterz do 2 u get to u
Thanks gabbiownzmydonught
ur welcomez
I agree with gabbiownzmydonught, dont let those asses get to u. Remembr ur reason, ur purpose, and keep goin. My purpose is the girl i luv (julie 
Yes tis I, I was banned for some unknown reason and I've come to day goodbye to everyone who knew me I truly wanted to be on this site but I see little point now that I have been banned for whatever reason. I suspect scribe but have no proof but to all I wish a happy life, I have met many good friends friends that I shall keep in my heart for a long time. Truly it has become a dark day that I can no longer help others on this site as I so wished goodbye and farewell Amber I hope you read this before it inevitably gets locked or deleted u truly are awesome, Sammy I love your work and I think ur positively beautiful  but too old for me
Goodbye my friends I shall miss you all even you scribe I hope you miss me as I will miss you
Wait, Why the fuck was Punk banned? He was one of the most level-headed people on here!
Don't know why all I know is that I can't access my other account
If you can't access your other account be sure to read the recent announcements, etc.

If you were banned you'd have no access to the forum at all.
Im using a different IP and my old username no its banned.
I don't know if you will see this Shane but I'm still thinking of you and praying for you buddy
DOn't go with him. For one, that would scare the living daylights out of your foster parents. And two, if you don't actually know what he's like, how can you trust him? That's just as bad as getting in a car with a stranger.
Bad idea, bad idea, bad idea. I suggest taking some more time knowing him better like talking on the phone or agreeing to meet at a place with your foster parents nearby. Also if he is taking you away he better have a damn good reason to, because he needs a stable income that can support both of you (since he did just get out of jail that is a little iffy). Which means that he may just get a lot of responsibilities that he may or may not be ready for. Really, just stay with your foster parents for now and take your time knowing him. Its a lot better that way too, you guys can build up trust a lot more smoothly. I hope I helped .
he can not take you can chose where you wanna be and if  you want him in your life do what u want
ummmmm wow give him a chancethats the one problem i have with it tho.. there is not one single ounce of trust and i wouldn't feel safe...  but i don't want to push him away..
Bad idea, bad idea, bad idea. I suggest taking some more time knowing him better like talking on the phone or agreeing to meet at a place with your foster parents nearby. Also if he is taking you away he better have a damn good reason to, because he needs a stable income that can support both of you (since he did just get out of jail that is a little iffy). Which means that he may just get a lot of responsibilities that he may or may not be ready for. Really, just stay with your foster parents for now and take your time knowing him. Its a lot better that way too, you guys can build up trust a lot more smoothly. I hope I helped .
Consult your foster parents with this, not us.
i came to all you guys cause they wont listen to me.. they don't care.. if they woulda cared i wouldn't have asked for help here..
opinion
oops sorry i added this one please go to the other one. thnx
Kiln urself wuld be surrendering. Letn all those hatrs win. Wuldnt u rather prove them wrong? Revel in revenge? I wuld. Killn uself wuld just make evry1 around u feel emptier. U may not think so, but ur parents care bout u. Maybe they dont know it either, but u killn urself wuld crush them, and i know ur too good a person to crush ur own family. Im not, but u r. Dont end it, make it go on and prove them all wrong
Wat about ur frends? Theyll miss u so much... And ill blame myself for not being able to stop u. This is a mistake. A huge one, please dont...
Well ill nvr hate u. If u talk to me u can expect a response. U evr hear the song whispers in the dark by skillet? Thats who i can be to u if u keep fighting. Consider me ur guardian ang... Demon. Im definitely not an angel... But i keep going. Care to hear my story? Perhaps that will lighten ur mind
.....
sure.....
My name is bobby, and im 14. I hav moved all ovr the country, leaving friends nvr to see em again... 2 yrs ago i fell in luv with a girl named julie. At first sight i wantd to propose to her, and i still do. She datd my best friend for awhile, and i backd off cuz i dint wama ruin their relationship. Wen she dumpd him, i became much closer to her. Her best friend. And then she git a new bf... She datd him for 1.5 yrs, while i lookd on in envy and sadness. I helpd her with evrythn, even relationship probs, slowly killing myself. I wrote poetry bout her (but she dint know it was bout her) that she luvd. She wantd to know who the mystery poem girl was, but i culdnt tell her. Not without hurting her and her then bf now ex's relationship. Then recently she became single once more... But at a cost. He crushed her heart, and now she has lost her faith in relationships. And now i must wait again... In the dark... Alone... And that is my story.
Im very sensitive, so if i can do this, u can liv.
Please grant a heartbroken emo teen's wish: keep on going.
Im nerdy too. One of me amd julie's things is we r cwazy awesome nerdy emo monsters  and i think im ugly, but people keep telln me im not. I dont believe em, and im sure ur not ugly
Like i said, i am ur guardian devil. Julie's phantom of the opera, but im still ur guardian demon. Dont be sry for talkn bout ur life with me, i want to hear it. U r u, nothn can or shuld change that. Those asses who make fun of u shuld be changd, not u. Nothn is wrong with u, ur just difrnt.
mayb i overthink stuff
Yes
It isnt uncommon, i do it too
Anytime. Im always here if u need me
kk
My friend who used to be my best friend and helped me through a very depressing time in my life moved to Florida and has been upset a lot since then... We stopped taliking for about a year, and a few days ago I found some pictures of us, so I text him and he is really heartbroken and upset about a girl who said she loved him, then after he fell in love said she only said it because she and her boyfriend were fighting and he is all to hell, he says he will never trust anyone, he says he doesn't know what happiness is anymore and he is really depressed and I hate seeing him like that, but I don't know how to help him or if I should... What should I do?! How do I help him, Should I try?! Comments or messages to help, pleaseee? (//.X)
Im sry for his unfortunate change into depression. Getn dumpd is one thing, but the girl teln u she never luvd u? Thats crazy. Id totaly be depresd  (or more depresd than i was alredy)... But id get over it eventually. There lies the key to helping him. Be there for him, comfort him, be truthful to him, and time will heal his wounds. Hope i helped
Im sry for his unfortunate change into depression. Getn dumpd is one thing, but the girl teln u she never luvd u? Thats crazy. Id totaly be depresd  (or more depresd than i was alredy)... But id get over it eventually. There lies the key to helping him. Be there for him, comfort him, be truthful to him, and time will heal his wounds. Hope i helped It helped alot thanks, she was so wrong to do that... He's a great guy.
Its all my pleasure  and im sure he is
ok wel my friend he is kinda not ok he is taking random pills he is just not himself he is suicldle and is in at out of hospital i have been his friend scince year 2 and am now in year 19 witch is  long time so i can see the change and i just want to help but i dont know how i really dont and now he is sayng he wants me out of his life he said its the best when i know it isnt but i cant convinve hin i dont know wat to do and im worried for him i really am
Ah, this reminds me not all people r bad. There r some caring people out there... But i suggest getting a bunch of his friends and maybe a few of his role models and try to make him realize hes too important to evry1 to die. Him killing himself wuld be selfish, too selfish. Convince him of that, and u may save him.
Just REALLY show him how much you care about him. (in person of course) and tell him what could possibly happen if he's gone. I've delt with that situation before. And it can get really hard. Just show him in every way possible that you don't want him to hurt himself anymore. Hope that helped
Im in luv rite now, and that is the source of all my depression and anger. At first, my best friend was dating her, and i didnt wana get in the way so i nevr talkd to her. Then when they broke up i realized i should've been talkn to her, so i started to. We became best friends rite away, and to this day she tells me im her closest friend. Well, not a week aftr her breakup, shes with another guy. Football player, tall, muscular, u know the deal. And i realize i cant compete. She is perfect, but im not... But now i get a chance. She is now single, but at a cost. She has lost faith in relationships and has told me (with no reason to) that she doesnt want a relationship for awhile. As soon as she said those words, i wondered what is wrong with me? She doesnt know how i feel, and now im wondering if she evr will... I dont think i'd make her happy, so maybe i shuld just stay back... Maybe u peoples know
nothings  wrong with you   its just she dosen't know what she wants and for starts she should be jumping over the moon is she had you your kind,sweet,u love her with ur heart ,ur a great when stuff happens  really understanding and helpful
Thx... Although i doubt all of that, thx...
Besides luvn her, ill nvr doubt that
Hey, you're one of her closest friends, right? Even if she doesn't want any relationships right now, you can still be a great, supportive friend, and that's what she needs. Then, later, maybe someday your friendship could become something more. 
And if not, it should at least be some comfort to know that you're very important to her. :]
No matter wat happens ill be there for her. It does make me feel good that im important to her too... Thx... But still, i cant help but want more! D*** greed...
maybe she will come around  just keep being a good freind rember ur her closet to her atm
Wat if im not? Wat if theres some1 i dont know bout...
just tell her how you feel  i did that with bryon
There is absolutely nothing wrong with you. For now, just be there for her and be as supportive and encouraging as you can be. Perhaps one day, that friendship might turn out to be something more. Don't forget, to not lose hope, there will be a chance, just wait and by then, she just might be ready for you (:
I hope so, and im gona tell her how i feel emmi very soon. Im scared of what will happen though
don't be i was ashamed of what i wanted in my life intill i meet bryan so just go with your guts
Yeah, and my guts r screamn "PROPOSE! PROPOSE!" i just luv her so much...
u should
U know im only 14, rite?
yer i know i was joking just ask her out
Haha, i will... But wat if im holdn her back? Wat if im not good enuf for her...
trust me you are good enough for her don't say ur not
Ok... Wat if she leaves me though? I know im thinkn like a huge pessimist rite now, but wat if...
listen stop with the ifs and buts and do it you know you can
Ok... I will
good thats great
I found out that my best friend might be going through depression again.
it feels like i can't do anything to help him. i'm so worried about him, i don't wanna lose him..
a few nights ago he finished a screaming vid but a song came on that reminded him of his old friend...and he said he's feeling hollow...

please help me i have no fucking clue on what to do.
i feel like shit everyday because i'm never with him especially because he lives 4 hours away..
he rarely comes on here anymore..ive only met him once and wish that i lived with him or atleast live closer to him...
i wish i could jump on a train and cuddle him and kiss him on the forehead and tell him everything is going to be okay..

PLZ HELP ME! ='(.
So i have been in love once in my life and i was deeply in love until he broke my heart and shattered it and now he wants a second chance but im not giving it to him so i was wondering ...
Have you ever been in love??
Yea 1 time the guy was shit he broke my heart without a Good bye
Yea 1 time the guy was shit he broke my heart without a Good byeYeah, I thought it was real, but he had to go and tear it right out of my chest (not literally). He's content now with his girlfriend.
I don't know what happened to mine I haven't seen or heard from him since. It's a pity but events like this make us stronger in the end
yeah,ive been in love and i thought she was my everything,but she didnt feel the same way and she cheated on me with a friend:(
Same here.
I have! I was 14 at the time...and she was 18. It was the happiest time of my life, since she loved me back to 100%. It ended (inevitably) after almost 2 years tho...Those years will always have a special place in my heart, tho.
once upon a time there was a girl named Anna, i loved her alot buuut she did not love me she ended up with a druggy bf who used her 4 sex then threw her away lik trash i had left by this time and fell for a wonderful girl named Alex
I loved a guy... He left me because I was 'too fucked up' and I was 'holding him back.'
ya right now i dont know wut to do either cause i luv him and i dont know if he loves me back so ya
Ive been in love. Its the most beautiful thing in the entire world. First love is the best love out there because its fearless.
yea fearless and ignorant
yea fearless and ignorantummmm thx???? *sarcasm*
I have been in love only once, he was soo sweet and caring and I swear we worked our asses off to make this long distance relationship work but we both figured that it wasn't going to amount to anything. But he will always have this special place in my heart and we still talk every once in awhile (:
yes i have and i still am
yeah, once a long long time ago! Her name was Ashley. She was the greatest thing that ever happened to me! She was my everything! We dated for Almost 2 years! We broke up cause she cheated on me. But We Still talk quite a bit! She wants another chance, but Im not sure if i can give her another chance because she cheated on me!
I was truly 100% in love with a girl.. she was my bestest friend and the person ive been closest too for ever.. i secretly called her every day and also secretly visited her cause i didnt want my family to find out.

But lets just say after some trouble after she moved.. she left for ever..

I will never love any one as much as i did so to Danielle 
i was in love with this guy once...he was absolutely amazing and made me feel so special.. 8 months down the line he got in trouble with his adoptive parents and had to move 3 states away. we attempted to date after, in which time he got me to believe that we would stay together through it and be back together in two years. 2 months later he broke up with me. ripped out my heart. and stomped on it.  and even worse he kept saying that he loved me. ive came to realize now that he wasnt good for me in any way. i wasted over a year on him, but i still care for him, and will never stop loving him, just in a different way than before.

sorry for the mini rant. it happens to me a lot
I was truly 100% in love with a girl.. she was my bestest friend and the person ive been closest too for ever.. i secretly called her every day and also secretly visited her cause i didnt want my family to find out.But lets just say after some trouble after she moved.. she left for ever..I will never love any one as much as i did so to Danielle 
i used 2 b in lov her name wuz megan lik my total dream girl but then fuckin drama happened n i jus et go of every problom that she always blamed on me her n her drug prob
omg i am so sorry about that
but i kno how you feel
my ex boyfriend has a drug problem too :/
i have and it hurt like fucking hell when he left like my heart had been ripped out =(
i have and it hurt like fucking hell when he left like my heart had been ripped out =( awww tahlia im sorry
i have and it hurt like fucking hell when he left like my heart had been ripped out =( i know how that is :/ i went into a depression for 5 months after it. im so sorry
yep. i have depression have for what 5 months
My love nearly killed me and I don't really know if I can love like that again :/
yes, and I love her still. Maybe you guys should give people chances. I dont know, its just that we broke up two times but we realized that its really hard to let go...
i was in love with this guy once...he was absolutely amazing and made me feel so special.. 8 months down the line he got in trouble with his adoptive parents and had to move 3 states away. we attempted to date after, in which time he got me to believe that we would stay together through it and be back together in two years. 2 months later he broke up with me. ripped out my heart. and stomped on it.  and even worse he kept saying that he loved me. ive came to realize now that he wasnt good for me in any way. i wasted over a year on him, but i still care for him, and will never stop loving him, just in a different way than before.sorry for the mini rant. it happens to me a lot and now he's a fag spending a week in Disneyland xP
and then i pulled you out of that depression amy
and then i pulled you out of that depression amy and then you got depressed.....
im in love right now and in never break my gf's heart. im not a dick like this guy u were in love with
I was once....
But it ended badly.
We were together for a while,he called me his "baby girl".
We'd talk all the time,just hang out,and it seemed like nothing else in the world existed besides us.
It was perfect,until that day...
R.I.P....
to tell the truth, i dont think ive actually ever been in love. but it makes me sad because it sounds like such a beautiful thing and the fact that ive never been so in love with anyone makes me feel like i dont have the ability to love
it makes me feel so alien
Ive been in love... It was great until he decided he loved another girl more... My heart was ripped from my chest and i had to put on a face because no one knew about me and him which made it worse... Now ive gotten back up and found a new guy but im taking baby steps and watchin my back i dont ever wanna have another heart break like that again and i doubt it will happen because i wont let it. Im not gonna fall hard for another guy just to get hurt again... 

Sorry im rambling (alittle over tired)
mmm have i been in love ?
yes once with an amazing guy i now hatebut love  he will alawys have a plce in my heart we dated for 5 years in this time he moved twice and cheated once but i will always love him coz he has helped me alot and in his defence i did break up with him after he moved a second time without telling me he put up with me through everything fights depression and even my suicide attempts i havent talk to him in 4 months thnks to u guys i shall go call him coz secretly i still am very much in love with him 

and endofgreen even though she cheated on you i say that if she left and came back mabye she has gone away and come back a diffrent person remember love can change a person so i guess you should try again thats only my opinion
Break ups may really suck but mos people dont realize that there is def a better person out there for them they jist have to give it time... But for the moment you have to try not being focused on someone that left you... If it wasnt meant to be then it wasnt meant to be... You can fight for their love but if they still sont love you then its not mean to be... There is always someone better for you...
mmm have i been in love ?yes once with an amazing guy i now hatebut love  he will alawys have a plce in my heart we dated for 5 years in this time he moved twice and cheated once but i will always love him coz he has helped me alot and in his defence i did break up with him after he moved a second time without telling me he put up with me through everything fights depression and even my suicide attempts i havent talk to him in 4 months thnks to u guys i shall go call him coz secretly i still am very much in love with him and endofgreen even though she cheated on you i say that if she left and came back mabye she has gone away and come back a diffrent person remember love can change a person so i guess you should try again thats only my opinionI actually decided to go out with her again. I been going out with her for about almost a month. I'm Really happy i decided to go back out with her again. Havnt been this happy in such a long time. And you know that poem i shared with u earlier? That was for her.
No. Puppy love nauseates me. I have more imperative things to be bothered over than pointless and insincere relationships with people which will lead to nothing more but drama and overly-emotional people when said relation goes down the proverbial shit hole.
i love someone right now. he told me he loved me once but never went farther than that. we talk all the time and yet he doesn't make a move. i just figure that hes lieing snd try to get over him but... its really hard. it's been 4 years and my feelings for himhaven't changed
Life's So Hard,When You Don't See Your Dad,My Whole ChildHood With No Dad,He Left Us For Another Family,I Know The Guy Is My Dad But He Doesn't Believe Us
i had to grow up the same way..
hey  i know what its like my father commited suicide because of me when i was 9months old i belive that i should be the dead one 
hey but it will get beter i promise
And i will help any way i can emmi
thankscan u try help   xxfrijolxx
Absolutely!
thanks
Recently ive been helping a lot of people, and i want to try to broaden my horizons in terms of the amount of people and what kind of problems i help with. Ive been told im good at that, so if any1 evr needs a friend to talk to, im here for u. Post ur problem and ill gladly do my best to help. I cant help myself be happy, that has been lost for quite some time now, so i mite as well help others be happy
hey  i think its a really good thing what you're doing  perhaps you can help me out?

i have REALLY bad anger issues to the point where i nearly hit my girlfriend... i could NEVER hit her, ever. so now she is scared of me and im also scared of myself. i've been the one to save her from herself but now she needs saving from me. the safest option for her, we both agree on, is if we split until i get my issues under control again but neither of us can break it off. i will be going to see the councilor but school finishes within the week, my girlfriend has suggested to me to do some sort of sport, something to help express my anger except im lazier than the demon Sloth... can you be of help?
A vicious sport would help control anger, but laziness would prevent that from being enjoyable. Martial arts is an option, not really a sport, but it teaches discipline, which would help. It isnt that hard either, i did it for several years, but im done with it. That whole 'alone time' thing doesnt work... Now 'screaming alone time' mite XD Splitting up wouldnt benefit anyone, it would create more angst and anger, so dont do that. Counselors also dont help. Honestly, they really dont. Im suggesting more things than a counselor, and counselors leak info to ur parents. Not good. Hmm.... I hate suggesting this, but i hate not helping too. Cutting. It sounds painful and ridiculous, but i swear it does in fact lesser angst and anger through a few ways... But that should be a last resort. That's all i got
that's a lot of help  i used to do martial arts as a kid but now im too self concious of myself because im overweight and just disgusting. i used to cut out of anger because im fucked up and would get upset too, so that was an emotion clash. also im probably the only female you will ever meet that doesnt scream... it just doesnt happen with me. any other options?
Hmm.... Perhaps alternatives to cutting... It may sound stupid, but meditation. I know, wtf, but it can truly relax the mind. Its not that cross legged finger position weird thing either (wich IS stupid XD), its more of like ur tryn to fall asleep, tryn to get relaxd so u can sleep. Binaural beats mite help. There r a lot, and i know there r some for relaxation and peace of mind (watevr that means XD). Just use headphones and play a repeated binaural beat song, and it should take effect. Thats all i can think of
OK... this is a serious question because im feeling hopless right now and i dont know where to turn.

I have alot of personality, and a pretty face/ pretty features, but im overweight. WHY can guys not SEE PAST A PERSONS BODY?!
Its driving me crazy... Its like your brains were programed to only think about sex!

I put this under serious discussions and not rants because im asking for answers and not comfort.
It would seem that the younger the guys are the more hormones they have. So a lot of them look only at the body because its aesthetically pleasing to the eye but they usually end up going out with some b*tches. The older the guys are, the more they look into a woman's personality rather than looks, but to make the first move, guys usually look at their body no matter the age (past 15). So I guess it really all boils down to looks and body structure. But don't worry there is always a guy out there for you XD
my dear girl, you are exactly right, teenage boys are growing thus testoserone is making them feel like this, there are some guys that overcome this, why don't you PM me and tell me wat happened
hey i dnt care if a girl is fat id still love her
Thanks everyone.... 
Im feeling a little better.
it dosent matter what u look like itz just a matter of time beforehe sees the other side of u
It would seem that the younger the guys are the more hormones they have. So a lot of them look only at the body because its aesthetically pleasing to the eye but they usually end up going out with some b*tches. The older the guys are, the more they look into a woman's personality rather than looks, but to make the first move, guys usually look at their body no matter the age (past 15). So I guess it really all boils down to looks and body structure. But don't worry there is always a guy out there for you XDEveryone is more smarticle than me.EMBRACE THE SMARTICLE!!!
Agreed with the above. 

I'm a guy and I freely admit that I can be an arse about this as well. I guess it would depend how overweight because (and Im just being matter of fact because you asked for answers) there's like super skinny which is super ew, thin which is okish, average which is sweet, there's a lil podgy which is cute and alright and then theres a bit chunky which again is ok but does need a nice personality and then there's the 'I live solely on Macdonalds... XL' kinda look which tbh I would have to admit I would need to meet and get to know online so that I could fall for the person. Having fallen for the person the body wouldn't matter :-) But yeah... Guy's are idiots but general rule of thumb,I like girls that definately exist rather than girls that could turn sideways and blink outa existance.

Hope this helps....
Agreed with the above. I'm a guy and I freely admit that I can be an arse about this as well. I guess it would depend how overweight because (and Im just being matter of fact because you asked for answers) there's like super skinny which is super ew, thin which is okish, average which is sweet, there's a lil podgy which is cute and alright and then theres a bit chunky which again is ok but does need a nice personality and then there's the 'I live solely on Macdonalds... XL' kinda look which tbh I would have to admit I would need to meet and get to know online so that I could fall for the person. Having fallen for the person the body wouldn't matter :-) But yeah... Guy's are idiots but general rule of thumb,I like girls that definately exist rather than girls that could turn sideways and blink outa existance.Hope this helps....its nice to know at least one guy can say this freely  but yes i agree
Yeah, its true. I must confess but really, as a sexually reproducing species, we are really programmed for sex for the survival of humanity. There's no changing that.
I think i have always liked girls & guys, but was always scared to say it. I got a boyfriend and were always yelling at each other, so I'm starting to think its time to end it. I didn't feel the need to end it untill i found out my best "girl" friend  said to me she was making out with another girl twice, i smiled! And i started to think about her..more then a friend. Am i bi or gay?
Only really you can tell if you're bi or gay,But it's perfectly normal for most girls to react how you reacted when she told you,It usually takes time to find out how you feel about a guy or girl,I'm bi and i'm proud,most people i go to school with are homophobic it really annoys me how most of the girls act like they're bi or gay,It's basically mocking our freedom to be loved,But if you do decide you're bi or gay be proud(:
anyway i hope this helped you in some way (:
yea dude...im totally gay and i found that out cuz almost everything about guys turns me off (no  offense to guys)but thats how i found out i was gay...if the guy is getting on ur nerves then it may just be him not every guy..u could still be into  guys just not him...idk maybe experiement a little
When this question pops up I go "Yes! Mrs. Ghandi wisdom time!" You're the only person who can decide this. Don't let your brain decide it, don't let your parents decide it, don't let anyone except your heart decide if you're bi or gay. I found out I was bi-sexual 'cause I listed to my heart, and most people can't do that because they have to think logically, or have someone else decide it for them. You have to listen to your heart. Nothing else.
Hey. There's a reason people call me Mrs. Ghandi xD
ok i like this guy who ive like for 3 years but i keep saying to my heart i carn't have him i tell my freinds iv'e moved on but i haven't  
he aint the sharptool in the tool shead like me but i really like him its just I AM EMO -SCREAMO and HE IS FOOTY -ART kinda lad what am i ment to do 
its killing my heart 
i date other guys to say yer i am totally over him but i end up dumping the other guy 4 days latter becouse i want the FOOTY-ART guy 
me and FOOTY -ART guy  spent a little while together last year but nthing serious just studie and classes
i need help
Follow ur heart, its always the best thing to do. It shouldnt matter if hes emo or not, if u love him, go for it. I know im in luv with a girl and i am GOING to go for her. Iv loved her for 2 years. Its painful, i know, but pain leads to bliss.
thanks and i hear ya about love it is painfull sometimes
Which makes luv all the more beautiful and worth it
yea depeands on how it ends or if it don't
omfg..I seriously don't know what I did wrong.I tried So Hard to be what was expected of me,and I can't even do that right.I hate Everyone right now.I can't even say who it is that gets me so angry,they're all liars and fakes, and that's the last thing I want to be.Yesterday I was on Facebook and a kid I used to go toschool with before I moved had messaged mesaying that I have no point in living,and that I should just do the world a Big favour by tying a noose around my neck and dying a painful death.Who the hell would say something like that?I know I shouldn't be taking it into consideration, but I seriously am starting to believe him.And besides, what is my purpose anyway?I'm a klutz, my parents don't know what to do with me anymore,I'm of no use to anyone,all guys are douchebags to me, all my so-called "friends" use me,the list goes on forever.I'm sick of feeling this way.I sound so pathetic right no, but I can't help it.I think I really am going to do it.. :sad:
that question has been asked by all people what  am I here for, well guess what no one knows and only in death will you find out but you must come to death on equal ground not at its mercy. Death will only leave sorrow, so instead live and bring happiness, because thats what life brings, it doesnt matter if you your clutz who cares about mean guys, talk to your parents, and frineds that use you are not friends at all, I;'ll be your friend and I vow not to use you, Im a guy and I promise not be a douche bag on purpose  so laugh and be happy if you need to talk Im here
that question has been asked by all people what  am I here for, well guess what no one knows and only in death will you find out but you must come to death on equal ground not at its mercy. Death will only leave sorrow, so instead live and bring happiness, because thats what life brings, it doesnt matter if you your clutz who cares about mean guys, talk to your parents, and frineds that use you are not friends at all, I;'ll be your friend and I vow not to use you, Im a guy and I promise not be a douche bag on purpose  so laugh and be happy if you need to talk Im hereTotally agree he wrote exactly what I wanted to say. I will be your friend too, I'm never going to be a b**ch (on purpose) and I will try my best to make you laugh every day because that is what life is for: to live it to the fullest and laughing every step of the way.
Killing urself wuld just let him win. R u willing to give him satisfaction for bein a total idjit? I sure wuldnt! All life is for a reason, urs included. Dont let the world down by ending a perfectly good existence. Im here for ya if u evr need me  and as for ur other probs, soon ur parents will be nothing,, just lonely old people, and have tO rely on u. Thats wen u get revenge. Sweet revenge... All u have to do is look all that is bad in the face and stab it... Repeatedly... With a sword... In the brain XD
well umm i guess thi is about things like cutting self harm watever as much as it hurts it hurts just as much to stop because your forced to open your eyes and see how life really is and how the world really works but i have stoped cutting i havnt cut for 3 minths but im constantly crying never talk to anyone thing just got harder and everything just went down hill and i guess wat i want is for some one to tell me it will get easier coz with the new school i started if i relapse they will kick me out and i will be forced to return to my public shool where everyday im bashe bullied and tormented id rather die then go back soooooooooooo????????
Im not going to lie and say things will get easier.. but i can say that if you open up to people and talk to them when they wont to talk to you or if they don't talk to them it will help..
yer i guess but im not a talking kind of person and i will never open up enough to get help but anyway its to late i relapsed and back in a shity school coz i got kicked out so not caring no more life is wat it is
I think maybe thats a good thing. Fate is tricky sometimes, she can seem to be destroying ur life unmercifully, and then becuz of that something amazing happens. If necessary, confront the bullies. Aftr all, they r just insecure and need to pick on people who r different. Id nvr say anything bad about u. Honestly, as a straight guy and havn replied to some of ur posts, ur awesome  and from ur profile pic ur beautiful, and u always will be
mmk so i like this kid but its like maddd confusing. hes really cute and we talk all the time. he says he finds me attractive and that he always has but he like just recently started showing interest. he asks me what he is to me and i tell him i ask him the same question and he says he doesnt know. like he wants to get to know me better and stuff but he also said he doesnt want a gf right now, i feel like i keep getting mixed signals, i'm so confused . another thing. he says he wants to do me but he doesnt say it all the time. hes said it like once or twice but he still wants to get to know me better. like its not his main goal if anything he says it when he's high. i know it sounds stupid but i needed to tell someone
Obviously this guy is just as confused as you are.I think his reason for getting to know you better is that he may be considering having a gf in the future,and is looking at you for that.He is sort of giving you mixed signals,by saying that he wants in your pants.Right now,I'd just focus on being friends,and,if you must,ask him why he asks all these questions.You may get an answer from him.Anyways,best of luck to you.
Thanks that helped a lot
I gota say, as a straight guy, i think i know wat hes doin. Like panic button said, hes getting to know u. But wat wasnt mentioned was he may be recovering from a past breakup or hardship in a relationship. He wants to make sure u wont break his heart (into liiiiiil tiny pieces), so hes gettin to know u as best he can.
every time my stupid stepdad gets pissed he yells at me first then if i do something wrong he gose all red and starts saying shit like; your the reason for your fathers death your the reason why ur mums life is screwed  everything that happens in your life is all your fult 
thats part reason why ive turned emo i started cutting myself because of him 
mum tells me you know he is drunk but she don't get it i didn't tell my father to die he just wanted to 
i  run to my room and cry i try hard not to search for my knives but i have to 
once whilst my brother was at home he said something to my stepdad my stepdad jumped up and chased him ascross the park and down the road with a beer bottle 
 my mum don't know about the cutting or the crying or my pain 
she dosen't get it
Im so sry... I hate this kinda thing. And hate when ur emo is embracing it, which is good. If he ever abuses u, report him to the police. Maybe record him abusn ur family and make that idiot pay for what he has done.
thanks for the great idea
Any time, here to help
cool :}
my dad has always been abusive since i was 7 but now its way worse. mainly because i was the first one outta our "family" to hit him back.  he hits me constantly and my mom screams at me for nothing at all sometimes. my family is fighting over me by pissing me off and my heart is split between my ex bf and my actually bf.how can i fix this? should i just get myself thrown into jail or a foster home? i feel like committing suicide but idk wat 2 do!! if i dont figure this out soon i'll go insane! HELP PLZ! :'(
Listen, Chica. Whatever you decide, DON'T KILL YOURSELF!!! If you're dead you can't solve anything. Nobody's perfect and nobody's going to have a perfect life. Try finding a friend who you KNOW won't tell, and maybe don't tell them everything, but don't be scared to ask your friends for help. And hey, if you don't have any friends worth talking about this with, I'm almost always online.
I agree with WIthout Value, dont kill urself, that wont solve anything. Just remembr hes like that for a stupid reason, and soon ur idiotic parents r gona be alone and sad wen ur 18 and gone from their lives. They'll find out they r really nothing without u. As for bf's, if i were in that situation (with girls XP) then id remembr y is she my ex? And go from there
Has anyone ever been involved with someone's death? Not like involved in the murder, but like... involved with the reason. I don't want to get into specific detail, but my godmother died. She was shot down. I was there. Heck, I was right beside her. They were aiming for me, but i ducked and she jumped in front of me. Now it's only been about a year. I feel like it's all my fault that she's gone, and I can't get over any of it. It's like... well, i feel like she's mad at me or something. Does anyone know ways that I can try to get this feeling off my chest?
but she jumped in front of you. so that means she'd rather die than to watch the entitled fate be given to the rightful target. why would she be mad if she did such act of saving your ass? and what makes you think/feel like she is?
but she jumped in front of you. so that means she'd rather die than to watch the entitled fate be given to the rightful target. why would she be mad if she did such act of saving your ass? and what makes you think/feel like she is?I have no idea. It's just the way i feel. It's like, right off i felt guilty because she died for me. I was actually expecting her to duck, too, not to leap out in front of me. I guess thats another thing that brought on the guilt. If someone died for you, would you feel that way?
It is not your fault shes dead. She probaly did it out of love. I feel sorry for you.
but she jumped in front of you. so that means she'd rather die than to watch the entitled fate be given to the rightful target. why would she be mad if she did such act of saving your ass? and what makes you think/feel like she is?I have no idea. It's just the way i feel. It's like, right off i felt guilty because she died for me. I was actually expecting her to duck, too, not to leap out in front of me. I guess thats another thing that brought on the guilt. If someone died for you, would you feel that way?i understand the whole guilt thing. yeah sure i'm pretty sure i'll feel that as well. but the feeling that she's mad? that just confuses me.
It's the same here, that's why I need a little advice. I'm confused, too. I don't even understand why i feel like she's mad at me, I'm just trying to rid of the feeling.
No.
This brings up my point about giving up your own life for someone you love is selfish.
Alright..she jumped in front of you to save your life. So she obviously valued your life more than hers.
Maybe you think she's mad at you because all your focusing on are the negative points and of the positive points.
ya i agree with 100%BrokeN i felt the same when the guy i loved did the same for me and my best friend but if you start thinkin positive like she loved you enough to die in your place
You're still in denial, aren't you? It always takes time to get over a death, especially if you were somewhat involved in it. You see, I've been involved in thousands of deaths, because for some reason I'm a 'jinx'. Everywhere I go, something bad happens. If I were to think that everybody is mad at me and feel guilty for them, I'd probably be dead by now. Just relax, and know that it wasn't your fault. She chose to risk her life for you knowing that she could have been killed, which sadly had been. It was her choice, not yours. You couldn't have controlled her mind. Just repeat to yourself "It was not my fault". Eventually you'll start to realize that it truly wasn't, and that you shouldn't feel guilty. ^-^
did you steal somebodys doo rag 
i mean day-yum
what. do you live next to 50 cent. 

or are we talking about bee bee guns.
did you steal somebodys doo rag i mean day-yumwhat. do you live next to 50 cent. or are we talking about bee bee guns.No, i didn't steal or do anything. It's just that dumbasses nowadays don't give a shit about anyone or their lives... at least where i live. It's soo damn ghetto! And yes, she was shot with a real gun. Not a beebee gun.
Why do you feel guilty? You didn't mean for her to die. It's not your fault people can be dumbasses. Try to shake the feeling, just think about how she loved you. Cause obviously she did. ^ ^
My cousin actually thought that it was funny. She's a fuckin psycho for the shit she does to me. She probably didn't even think it was funny, she was probably just laughing to hurt me even more. Sometimes I think I hate her, but I know I don't..
My cousin actually thought that it was funny. She's a fuckin psycho for the shit she does to me. She probably didn't even think it was funny, she was probably just laughing to hurt me even more. Sometimes I think I hate her, but I know I don't..Omfg what a pric who would do that.....I'm at a loss for words what a fucking lunatic!!!
Does she have.. like.. mental problems or something? Or is she insane? that's the only way I can see anyone doing some shit like that!
I don't know what the hell's wrong with her stupid ass.  what she said just made me want to die. I can't stand her.
I don't know what the hell's wrong with her stupid ass.  what she said just made me want to die. I can't stand her.Id love to see that happen to her, she'd probably be in tears!
I think she'd want to die, too. She'd feel stupid, because she's always talking about her godmother. In fact, she loves the shit out of her. She wouldn't know what to do, just like how i didn't.
I think she'd want to die, too. She'd feel stupid, because she's always talking about her godmother. In fact, she loves the shit out of her. She wouldn't know what to do, just like how i didn't.If you don't mind me asking where do you live?Because in a normall community you wouldn't be shot for no reason.Sry if this seems a little mean but I just live in the rich area so I honestly wouldn't know.
No, it's not mean of you to ask. I live way out in the ghetto side of Detroit. Down here, girls can't walk down the street without being harrased by nasty little boys and stalked by horny old men. Ewww... And boys get jumped and sometimes killed on a daily basis. It's bad down here.
No, it's not mean of you to ask. I live way out in the ghetto side of Detroit. Down here, girls can't walk down the street without being harrased by nasty little boys and stalked by horny old men. Ewww... And boys get jumped and sometimes killed on a daily basis. It's bad down here.Damn, I feel so bad for you It must suck living in the bad area of Detroit!
The "good" side of Detroit is bad enough. So where do you live? Is it nice?
@ Cloud
Were you born and raised there?
The "good" side of Detroit is bad enough. So where do you live? Is it nice?Lutz, FloridaMost likely one of the richest and most perfect places....But I see it differently.....
Cool. My brother's going to Florida.
@XXdead.2.tha.worldXX
yeah, i've lived here all my life. Sucky, actually.
So you've had it hard for all your life. You're a strong kid.
You wish you did? Why? There aren't even any descent people here, with the exception of only a few.
You wish you did? Why? There aren't even any descent people here, with the exception of only a few.Believe me the grass isn't much greener on the other side.Life becomes boring and predictable.
You wish you did? Why? There aren't even any descent people here, with the exception of only a few.Believe me the grass isn't much greener on the other side.Life becomes boring and predictable.Oh, I see. i didn't think of it that way.
You wish you did? Why? There aren't even any descent people here, with the exception of only a few.Believe me the grass isn't much greener on the other side.Life becomes boring and predictable.Oh, I see. i didn't think of it that way.What makes it worse all the kids are preppy douche bags!No emo kids or anyone that's actualy kool.
Same here. The only difference is that no one here is preppy. Their fake and stupid.  I only have one friend (besides you guys on emopuddle, and the ones that were sent to rest)and even she can get phony at times. I'm glad i have you guys. You keep me from becoming love-deprived and uberly depressed.
Same here. The only difference is that no one here is preppy. Their fake and stupid.  I only have one friend (besides you guys on emopuddle, and the ones that were sent to rest)and even she can get phony at times. I'm glad i have you guys. You keep me from becoming love-deprived and uberly depressed.Your welcome cloud.Just remember you got all of us here to help you.
Good to know.
Are you serious when you say your towns are full of fakes?  Wow that's awful in Belfast there's parts of town that are dedicated to emos scene kids and skaters I wouldnt be able to live if there weren't!
Are you serious when you say your towns are full of fakes?  Wow that's awful in Belfast there's parts of town that are dedicated to emos scene kids and skaters I wouldnt be able to live if there weren't!Yeah, i'm serious. People over here barely even know that emo people exist, which makes me one lonely motherf**ker. They're all like ugly barbie dolls, made of plastic and synthetic hair. Really, so many people get plastic surgery, and have weave in their hair it's pathetic. I can't stand it. My family's talking about moving out of detroit, though.
Are you serious when you say your towns are full of fakes?  Wow that's awful in Belfast there's parts of town that are dedicated to emos scene kids and skaters I wouldnt be able to live if there weren't!Yeah, i'm serious. People over here barely even know that emo people exist, which makes me one lonely motherf**ker. They're all like ugly barbie dolls, made of plastic and synthetic hair. Really, so many people get plastic surgery, and have weave in their hair it's pathetic. I can't stand it. My family's talking about moving out of detroit, though.Wow plastic surgery?! WTF? And were would you move to? Atleast your family are considering moving which is a good thing
Are you serious when you say your towns are full of fakes?  Wow that's awful in Belfast there's parts of town that are dedicated to emos scene kids and skaters I wouldnt be able to live if there weren't!Yeah, i'm serious. People over here barely even know that emo people exist, which makes me one lonely motherf**ker. They're all like ugly barbie dolls, made of plastic and synthetic hair. Really, so many people get plastic surgery, and have weave in their hair it's pathetic. I can't stand it. My family's talking about moving out of detroit, though.Wow plastic surgery?! WTF? And were would you move to? Atleast your family are considering moving which is a good thing We're thinking about moving to Oklahoma. It's not so bad, there.
You shouldn't feel bad for of something that was out of your control.
my family lives in okla
my family lives in oklaTwo of my brothers and my step sister lives there.
my family lives in oklaTwo of my brothers and my step sister lives there. so do many other families surprisingly, back on topic guys/gals.
Okay. well, anyone else have something really tragic happen to you like that?
i know its hard to feel responsible in a way, but you probably feel shes mad because maybe you arent completely happy? maybe she wants you to move on and accept the fact that shes gone, and that shes happy she went for you because she loved you.
Okay. well, anyone else have something really tragic happen to you like that?Nope. I don't live in a bad area or anything like that. I hope it doesn't happen.
Okay. well, anyone else have something really tragic happen to you like that?Nope. I don't live in a bad area or anything like that. I hope it doesn't happen.If you live in a good area, i'm sure it won't happen. Stay where you are. And when you're ready to move, go somewhere rich and tranquil. That's the exact opposite of where i am.
I killed many by just "existing" for like all of you, I am a cog of the grand clock, part of the soulless machinations of the cosmos and the never ending workings of the universe. Why weep for the dead when the living is here and now?
I killed many by just "existing" for like all of you, I am a cog of the grand clock, part of the soulless machinations of the cosmos and the never ending workings of the universe. Why weep for the dead when the living is here and now?She was an essential part of my life. She kept my whole world together. The reason i still mourn her is because, if it weren't for me, maybe she could still be here and now. She was about to be on her way somewhere, just walking out the door, when i came by. It was my fault that she was caught on her porch in the first place, and that's why i feel like she's mad at me.
Okay. well, anyone else have something really tragic happen to you like that?Nope. I don't live in a bad area or anything like that. I hope it doesn't happen.If you live in a good area, i'm sure it won't happen. Stay where you are. And when you're ready to move, go somewhere rich and tranquil. That's the exact opposite of where i am.That sucks. I'm sorry you live where you do. I don't think I'd want to live somewhere rich and tranquill, though. I want to live in a city like DC or Seattle. Ohio's just unexciting and nothing too good.
Okay. well, anyone else have something really tragic happen to you like that?Nope. I don't live in a bad area or anything like that. I hope it doesn't happen.If you live in a good area, i'm sure it won't happen. Stay where you are. And when you're ready to move, go somewhere rich and tranquil. That's the exact opposite of where i am.That sucks. I'm sorry you live where you do. I don't think I'd want to live somewhere rich and tranquill, though. I want to live in a city like DC or Seattle. Ohio's just unexciting and nothing too good.I'd love to get a taste of the rich life. ^ ^
Na, I'm not rich. Our familys average in an average house.
Na, I'm not rich. Our familys average in an average house.My family's poor in an average house. Due to the amount of people living here (me and my sis, four brothers, two cousins, and both parents. 10 ppl.), and according to how much stuff we all need to get through basic life, we're as broke as my grandad's back right now. I mean, seriously. I scamper to find clothes to wear.
She was an essential part of my life. She kept my whole world together. The reason i still mourn her is because, if it weren't for me, maybe she could still be here and now. She was about to be on her way somewhere, just walking out the door, when i came by. It was my fault that she was caught on her porch in the first place, and that's why i feel like she's mad at me.Honor her death, but don't try to drag her soul back into that rotten husk. And I was saying that you should are not to be blamed as are hands are already bloodied for the things we have failed to do and the lives we failed to save. If you only value her because you require her existence, doesn't that make you selfish?Does anyone remember what happens to children in Africa?
She was an essential part of my life. She kept my whole world together. The reason i still mourn her is because, if it weren't for me, maybe she could still be here and now. She was about to be on her way somewhere, just walking out the door, when i came by. It was my fault that she was caught on her porch in the first place, and that's why i feel like she's mad at me.Honor her death, but don't try to drag her soul back into that rotten husk. And I was saying that you should are not to be blamed as are hands are already bloodied for the things we have failed to do and the lives we failed to save. If you only value her because you require her existence, doesn't that make you selfish?Does anyone remember what happens to children in Africa?Yeah, you do have a point. Good job, very inspirational.  I'll take that to heart.
Wow some people on this site are ver deep  and cloud if you want rich and tranquil you should come come to Ireland!
Actually, i don't want rich and tranquil. I just want things to be a little better.
Hm okay  I don't blame you though the worlds becoming more and more messed up
Hm okay  I don't blame you though the worlds becoming more and more messed upYush, it has. lol.
To many reality tv shows with perverted old people *shudders* lol
Hm okay  I don't blame you though the worlds becoming more and more messed upWhen you said that, does that make you feel a little superior to others?
listen my dad died when i was 9 months i keep thinking its all my fult everyone said it was my fult and i still belive its true 
i am sorry i couldn't help you more its just i wanted to let you know you aint the only one i will be here for you
Okay so obv brothers and sisters fight right?

But is this the right way to treat your little brother. sister and mum and dad?

Threaten them with a knife?
Kick them onto the streets.
threaten them with a gun?
etc...

My oldest brother has been in jail and counseling for what he did.
Thing is....he never threatens me...
Confusing I know.

I've stood in between my two brothers when they had knives.
Took a bullet in the shoulder for my sister.
Everytime I do something like that my brother takes one look at me and breaks down...

Does anyone know why?
All I know is when he takes one look at me it looks like hes dying inside :/
If someone could help it would be MUCH appreciated.[align=justify][/align]
there's nothing you can do. 
sibling rivalries are normal, and extreme cases like this happen also.

as stupid as it sounds you need to stop jumping in the middle.
just slowly and gently grab his hand, look into his eyes.
as he starts to calm down hug him tightly, and if you can start crying.
don't take the damage for then. by letting them make mistakes they'll learn.
when they've discovered how much damage they've done they wool stop.
Yeah but that kinda isn't as easy as it seems
If I don't jump in the middle they don't listen...
Thats the only way but thanks for trying
I'm sorry..I tried my best...
ok i think he liks u best so the nxt time hes gotta gut jump in front of it then grab the end of it and am it at ur head like u r gonna shoot ur self and then i hope he lets go of it and u can frowit in the bin
but that probely wont work
so just send him in to theropy
but that probely wont work0/10
Your his favourite maybe he feels like he can relate to you more so he likes you better?
But like before my mum died no figts ever happened...
Then mum did die and my brother took it harder than the rest of us.
And I was just his goofy little sister but now he relies on me for everything?

And thanks for helping...just guess I'll never figure it out
yeah. some things that happen 2 people--no matter how close, are too deep for one to get.

its disheartening that someone who lives in the same house as you can act like that.

people are very complex....  im so wierd.

...
I guess it's just his way of protecting me
Cause I look like our mom when she was my age...facewise not style _
..so depressing.

yay  im cool?
he is probley atached to you by mental thinking you and him are like really close or maybee when he sees you it makes him think of wat he is doing and why 
have you talked to him about it ??? show him that he dosen't need to be aggrasive to your other family peers teeech him to calm down 
my brothers had thrown knives at each other all the time and after awhile the would cool off and storm to the bedrooms half a minute latter u hear them talking about fishing 
maybe find somthing your whole family enjoys and do it
I need your help guys... It's about my parent. 
They started hitting me again, so I kinda' have been "separating" away from them. It all started again one day because my mom said that me and my sister had to get ready earlier in the morning, and so she yelled at me, and I just said,"But I get ready earlier than you..." And so she say,"NOT A SINGLE WORD!" I slightly open my mother to respond, but then close it quickly, not speaking, but it's already to late. She holds my shoulder really hard, then punches it, and after that, slaps my my face, leaving a huge red mark. My day goes on normally, until my dad, who does not live with my family, and extreme obidiet to any of my mother's command, come. He makes me get on his car and tell him what is wrong with me, why am I so dumb and why I'm not being good enough for my mom. I just keep my mouth shut, and try not to pay attention, until he says,"If you don't tell me what's happening, I'll take drastic measures, and that can include not even feeding you. Then, that got me terrified. My friends tell me I should call the police, but I'm scared of what might happen. Please, can anyone help me?
Call the cops.
Call the cops.i agree, this is not ok ;l
tell a teacher at school, or something
yeah, first off, thats child abuse and your parents shouldn't be handling things that way. no parent should discipline their kid by physically punching them or hurting them like that. but maybe try to hold your tongue a little. i tend to talk back to my mother and father a lot, and my parents (well my mom) gets really mad at me for it. i used to just think she was over reacting, but then i tried to look at things from her point of view, and came to the conclusion that, yeah i do talk back a little rudely sometimes. i just think that if i had a kid and i was asking them to do something, they have a right to protest, but if they were constantly talking back and stuff, it would annoy me, though hitting them would not be an appropriate solution. idk, hope this helps
please tell someone, its not good at all to be treated that way. I, for one, have been beat most of my  life in these kinds of situations. i never told anyone because my mother had 8 other children to support besides me. I couldn't let us all get separated because of one of my own problems. If you are in my situation, then personally I could understand y u wouldn't want to tell anyone. But if you cannot take the turmoil it sends you into, then don't stand for it and talk to someone, call the cops. I'm here if you need help.
Tell someone.
Anyone.
Friends parents, grandparents, teacher.
People say call the police but, I'm going to be honest.
When a kid calls the police about parent abuse, they do nothing about it.
If you're lucky, the person you tell about it will be able to help you with the authorities.
But that's if you're lucky.
I know a 2 year old boy.
He gets hit, he has new bruises and cuts every time I see him.
Both his parents are drug addicts and his father is in rehab.
Child services?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
I feel like child services just don't care.
But maybe it's just where we live.
I'm not sure.
I guess it's worth a try right.

I hope I didn't sound harsh, but I'm just saying what I know. Keepin' it real on my part.
dude listen make a run for it next chance you got
police carn't do anything if you are ove 16 the hitting and yelling slapping is classed under family feud so the police can not step in sorry dude 
but if you do the runner make sure one of ur mates knows where u are
Ok so I like these 2 chicks but their at least 4 years older than me but they are HOTT! and they have boyfriends (I know I have no chances with them anyway, but they at least think I'm cute ) . So then I found a girl who is my age and then I move so I'm never going to see her again and I have like really strong feelings for her still, I mean she KISSED me on my last day at my old school. Then at my new school I met another girl that I really like but she doesn't act interested and my sister keeps telling me to ask her out but it will probably be all awkward and what if she says NO. Just really confused   this is kinda my first time feeling like this about so many girls.
Well first of all, i know its hard but you just gotta get over the older ones. Become best friends forever with that chick you had to leave behind not much you can really do sorry hon. And just ask the new one. Dont let what she says bother you if its a no, if you were meant to be and wanna have someone for a long time or forever then shed say yes.
listen to me if the chic u kinda like now is acting not intrested its most likly she is intrested  i know all about this coz ive lived thro most of it
Never mind Thank you Cloud for helping me

Does anyone know how to delete a post??
Ok, warning!!!!!! If I were you I'd break up with him. Whether he loves you alot or doesn't. I'll tell you this now, my bf is something like that. I didn't know it from the beginning, but he still loves his ex, who was a friend of mine. I hate her now because he cheated on me with her and i recently found out he loves her more than he loves me. And I know he won't tell me everything that goes on, so right now I'm heartbroken. I wonder all the time why i'm still with him. Being with someone who won't tell you everything is not good for your relationship because words unspoken are the words that end it all. Being with someone who loves another person will break you no matter how much he loves you and may break up you and your friendship with your bff. We've been together for nine months. He's a cheater and I don't think he's totally honest with me, but it's hard to let him go because I fell for him and gave him my heart. Just saying these are the kind of people you can't trust, so don't let it get too far between the two of you if it hasn't already. It's better to be single and still have your friends than to be in a relationship that hurts not only you, but other relationships.
Forgive and forget.... You stay strong ) just keep forgiving and hopefully someday hell realize how much you love him for forfiving him so much
im in love with somebody, but i dont think they feel the same way. not a crush, but im in real deep. i know it sounds retarded, but does anyone have advice?
be honest with them
thatll be hard cuz his 2 best friends dont really like me. hes cool with me though.
he declined my request on fb
GROW UP!!! no offense but yea
Harsh... but he may have a point...
I dont want to sound bitchy... Bhut maybe theirs a reason he declined your friend request?
im in love with somebody, but i dont think they feel the same way. not a crush, but im in real deep. i know it sounds retarded, but does anyone have advice?Wait, I'm kinda confused. So he doesn't really notice you, or you think so? Which means you hardly hang out, he hardly knows you then, right? So how is it that you know him so well to like, legitly fall in love with him? Sorry, just a tad confazzled
we talk a little. hes also reeeeeeeaaaaallllly hot. and hes the only one in my classes who isnt all "gangster"
...lol....
well mabe test it? lolz : )
were the only 2 "emo" kidz in the classes we share. which is like, all of them
Maaaaybe, you just go for it, man. Not even kidding, you only live once. That's what I would do...
i dont wanna humiliate myself though...
You wouldn't :-) My advice, Go for it or move on x
You wouldn't :-) My advice, Go for it or move on xI agree with this, my experience leave it hanging to long and it wont happen then it does get awkward, so just go for it, whats meant to be is meant to be =)
Well said mate :-) What he said (which is what i said but hey xD)
You only live once, why waste it pining over some guy.
Grab life by the balls, go up to him and tell him.
If he rejects you, in a few years, you'll look back at it and laugh!
agreed
...do what you think is right and stop complaining for everyone's sake!!!
Uh, how old are you? Jw.
Yeah you only live once and who cares if you get rejected theres tons of other guys out there... Lol
"Jeez you guys. Emo is just a term for being emotional. If you wan't to be emotional, go right ahead - but please don't call yourself an emo. I don't see what is the point in being an "emo". We should all love our life, be grateful for all the little things we get to do, not throw it all away by being depressed and destroying your body. Ok, sure you like rock music and such - well, so do I - But being an Emo destroys your confidence , mentally and physically. Our life is valuable and we should have the confidence to say " yeah, wooo I love being me" , Not crying and cutting your self just because of some stereotypical term that degrades people to become suicidal.

People who like the colour black,listen to heavy metal,wear converse and studs and dye their hair black are NOT emo. They are just rocking out their own style.

If you cut yourself, cry all the time, write sad poetry and nearly suicidal then you are STILL NOT EMO. You are just a mentally depressed saddo who needs special help, because you are obviously an idiot. Especially if you call yourself and emo [ which you arent ].

Seriously people, Im not just some random adult who comes on here to talk crap, Im a 16 yr old girl who saw her friend go through this because she thought it was "cool" and she wanted to be "different" --- Well, what Im trying to say is, go ahead,be different .. but dont harm your self and lose your mind just because of what it says in the stereotypical rule book of being Emo.

Because to be different,all you need is confidence , a unique style and a great outlook on life =]"
alright so i havn't made one of these for a while.

there's many things going on in my life. suicidal thoughts, cutting and rinking.

my mum has been basing me up and shit and i can't handle that.

my cousin killed herself today last year....i came home from school and she was holding a knife in her hand and she said don't stry and stop me so what what did i do..fuck i'm an idiot i hate myslef for it. 
RIP Renata 
i will always remember you 
Well, I'm not the best at giving advice but I will give it a shot. Okay, your life is not ruined because there is always tomorrow, a new day for a fresh start at life. Don't be so discouraged because of all the crazy stuff that has been happening around you, just take it all in stride, and get through it because in the end, you will end up stronger than you have ever been. Life is always full of its ups and downs but you always make it through, otherwise, would you be here today? Please don't kill yourself, I don't mean to be rude, but that is only a detour out of life. The perfect time will come for you to go and you shouldn't rush it because you're young and there is still so much out in the world for you. All you have to do is look for it. Also, think of the people you are leaving behind, the people that love you, your friends and family. You can't sever those important bonds like that because they are so important, they are what makes you...you. The bonds you have with people are one of the greatest treasures in the world, and you shouldn't throw it away like that. Just keep looking up at the sky where you can see the birds fly with so much freedom and joy because you know that you can reach the sky and fly like the birds too. Well.... I hoped I helped a little bit. Don't forget to keep smiling (:
Does anyone know where to buy Johnny the Homicidal Maniac comics for cheap in WI. I really like reading what i can online but i can't find the whole series online or in any stores nearby.


Sorry for posting this in serious discussion and saying it was important
I like this guy and he likes me back but i'm running into some problems. We both wanna hang out outside of school but i'm always so busy between work and track like i never have time any more. Before i had nothing but time and i hated it cuz i could never do anything and now that hes around its like my schedule's crammed. The only way i'd be able to hang out with him is if he actually asked me out and i could tell my parents i wanna hang out with my boyfriend but he hasnt and i dont think he's going to. we practically are a couple but without the strings attached. he knows im always so busy and i told him when exams and summer rolls around id have more time but i dont wanna wait that long. i wanna tell him that if we were dating things would be easier but i dont wanna sound pushy or desperate. im not entirely sure what to do, i really need some help
hey hun i know you dont want to sound pushy but i think that you should tell him tell him how it is you never know how it will work out unless you try
Yea i guess im just really cautious with him cuz i really really like him hes completely different from other guys ive liked and dated (which isnt many) i just dont wanna screw it up
yer i know what you mean but dont you think that it is worth the risk to be with the oneyou love
Yea i talked to him last night and things went fine. I agreed with everything he said but i still cant help but feel hurt and i dont know y. Im like really upset and like extremely pissy (i flipped out on people on the bus today and they all listened and shut up afterwards) i dont know whats wrong with me. I cant figure out y i feel so hurt the aggrivation is just from the stress ive had.
the teacher is going over diabetes, and thats what my mom died of, and a lot of the memories are coming back from my eaarly childhood. a lot of memories of ambulances and hospitals, fits, fights, and the worst part is, the teacher knows! not about all the memories, but that my mom died like that. its just making me sick.
Ask if you can be excuse from those lessons and if you can't be excused try your best to block the bad memories.
Good luck.
I agree with crimson!

and teachers can be total dicks/bitches. It doesnt really relate a lot but my freshman year my health teacher knew i was a pot and cig smoker so for the lessons about those things she always called me up and used me as an example. I hated it. It wasnt the classes business.
i need major help right now. so, i broke up with my ex because i was tired of the distance and he said some really hurtful things. than i went with jessie. he made me happy again and i was enjoying being with him. i got pregnant by him. this past saturday night he told me that he still loved his ex and wanted to be with her. well...i was hurt. i really loved him. sunday morning at five i woke up and i had a miscarriage. i am heart broken. i don't know what to do. losing my baby has scarred me and i still love jessie. i don't know if i should move on or just wait. knowing him he won't stay with his ex for long. i really don't know. i'm so lost. upset. i just wish i hadn't lost the baby. what should i do?
personally jessie doesnt sound like a very nice guy, or committed guy. i think it might be better for you to just move on and find somebody who would be there for you if he got you knocked up
I think you should move on. Have fun and enjoy your life.Don't stress over some pathetic guy (in my perspective) and be calm.I'm sorry for the loss of your baby.As they always say...there's plenty of fish in the sea but choose wisely.
in the past 6 months: October 31 i lost my best friend to cancer. he was 16. December 3 another friend hung himself. February, March, and April in and out of  the hospital because my grandma (who might as well be my mom) is super sick and we dont know how much longer she will make it. then today i found out my other friend is dying of cancer now. i dont know what to do anymore and i dont have anyone.
I've been through the same situation before and is still proceeding.Counseling doesn't work. .
Been taking narcotics and that for about 2 months now and need to stop but it's not at all easy... I just want thtem out my life but everyone I know does them...what should I do?
hey bub my advice would have been not to take them in the first place but im a bit late for that one but i serggest that you try and stay away from the people who take them because being aroungd people who take them isnt going to make it easy and then the obious see a doctor
Hey hun. i know its gonna be hard to get off them but maybe you should try not hanging out with those people and surround yourself with people who are going to support you and be there when you crash coming off of them. i wouldnt mind being there and trying to help you if you needed me to.
my life has never been normal but i dont know wat to do i already knew i had OCD and depression now bipolar help me plz im so over it
Being bipolar isnt really that bad. alot of my friends are bipolar and its really easy to deal with for them now. Just dont let it bother you too much
I have an eating disorder I didn't really know about. I never paid attention to anything I ate until my friend, Mikayla asked if something was wrong. When I said no, she asked  why I keep up with being anorexic. I told her I had no idea what she was talking about, I was so mad she accused me of having something like that. That's when I really started watching what I eat and very few other people pay attention. Now I really know I have an eating disorder but I dont know how to get over it. But I know one thing: this eating disorder is slowly killing me.
so you think you have anorexia? anorexia is when a person avoids eating food (eats very little, like a half a cucumber a day sometimes) because they have convinced themselves they are overweight and want to loose that weight. does that sound like you? if it is you probably should distance yourself from other friends who have a similar problem. sometimes anorexia can result from friends influencing each other to do such behavior, such as making it a contest to see who's the skinniest or who eats the least. also, it would be a good idea to open up to someone you trust. the fact that you recognize that you have a problem is good and now you need to admit it to a friend and/or an adult you can trust. ask them for help. a lot of times anorexia can become really serious and end in hospitalization because the body isn't getting enough nutrients to sustain itself. if it is a really very serious problem, getting a doctor or therapist to help you monitor your eating habits and help make changes to your daily lifestyle will help. hope this helps and you can get past this issue. if you need to talk to anyone, im open
that does sound like me. Although I dont even eat that much a day. I'm afraid to admit it to anyone in particular because I assume they'll be mad at me.
Has any one else been considered 'mentally ill' and been locked in a mental hospital? it's awful and i feel like i'm the only one...most kids aren't sent to a mental hospital when they are only 13! i just want to know if anyone else has been there or if i'm still all alone....:/
A properly close friend of mine is in one and she's 17. :/ They suck but do help and she'd definately alot better than she was ...
when i was 15 i had a nervous breakdown, im 19 now.. you arent alone hun.
I went to a mental hospital when I was twelve. It was really hard to go through but now I'm better; I have several mental disorders but they don't affect me much anymore  You're not alone, and you're not retarded or anything
thanks guys...it really helps me to know that i'm not alone...
My mother has considered throwing me into a mental hospital when therapy didn't work cuz I was cutting and I was, maybe, eleven or ten? I don't remember and don't like to think back on it. But don't worry. Our differences just make us the amazing person we are and we build up this immune system that has to do with are emotions and it makes us feel like we belong somewhere.
Does everyone feel like that or is that just me?
Anyway, you aren't alone, sweetie. Just always remember that.
when I was 12 I had a mental breakdown and ended up in the hospital for 6 months because I'm bipolar and borderline, you're not alone hun 
thanks for letting me know that i'm not alone  i feel better now
My mother has considered throwing me into a mental hospital when therapy didn't work cuz I was cutting and I was, maybe, eleven or ten? I don't remember and don't like to think back on it. But don't worry. Our differences just make us the amazing person we are and we build up this immune system that has to do with are emotions and it makes us feel like we belong somewhere.Does everyone feel like that or is that just me?Anyway, you aren't alone, sweetie. Just always remember that.That is better then Shakespeare. like 4 serious. Nice!
That is better then Shakespeare. like 4 serious. Nice!That's why we call her Mrs. Gandhi. Hence my signature.
I have had friends threaten to send me to a mental hospital (but i think they were kidding) lately though I have been able to take care of myself pretty well though. I think I'm keeping myself together well and should be proud. But sometimes I still need to just talk things out at times that I can't.
I went to a school for the mentaly ill (but we diddnt like to call it that) because i couldnt handle the drama in public school. there were tons of people who had (not only been to a mental home) been to Juvi from as young as 8 years old for agrivated assult.
my friend was put in a mental hospital as a child because she had some serious kleptomaniac issues and they weren't pleasant experiences. so no you are not alone in this
I've been on drugs for years weed heroin narcotics etc and no matter how hard I try I can't stop drugs have gained control of my life Anyone out ther have any advice
well why'd you take em in the first place?
Try finding an alternative thing to do. Say to yourself "if I want to smoke, instead, I will...". Try it. Same for cutting.
i know how that is , i was addicted to cocaine and morphine for years.. quitting those kind of things will be one of the HARDEST things you will ever do, and some of the steps in order to stop are going to put you in situations that you will not like. 

my advice:
--isolate yourself from the poeple around you who do these things. 
--find other things to keep you busy like a job or a physical activity like running. 
--make a goal to motivate yourself 
--after you quit keep yourself busy and keep yourself away from the drug scene

the withdrawls will be the hardest part of this all. after the first few weeks though, everything gets ALOT easier. you have to find ways to keep your habits out of your mind. you also might get very easily irritated, angry, and emotional. 

after you have gone awhile without doing any sort of intoxicant, you will get depressed. depending on how many people around you do these things, you may not have many friends left. you can't sucessfully quit if you are surrounded by others who do the same things. reach out toward other people who have different habits. 

avoid a relaspe at all costs. a relapse will usually end up making you come back into the drug scene alot more active, you may end up even more addicted to your habits if you relapse. 


quitting is mostly about self motivation and will power. you have to tell yourself that you will stop and no matter how you feel or what situations you are put into you have to constantly remaind yourself that you are better off without drugs and you need to believe what you are telling yourself. as long as you remain a strong individual i have confidence that you will suceed. if you need anymore help or advice, feel free to p.m. me. even if you just need to vent or talk p.m. me. i don't know you but i know how hard quitting is and a huge part of stopping including having a high amount of support. having someone to talk to and help push you forward will ease the tension by miles. and if you dont want to talk to me about it. find a close friend that will help keep you on track.

hope i helped a little... 

--sammy suicide--
There's this guy i really like but i don't know if he likes me. He always hangs out with me and calls me and people keep telling me to ask him out and that we would be a cute couple but i don't want to be rejected. Help me!!
its not like you're dating him now...what do you have to lose?
Maby. He conciders you as a.close frend.
Idk or more
Maby. He conciders you as a.close frend.
Idk or more
Thank You! We are now going out so YAY!
WIN!
Lately, I've been having these thoughts, thoughts of thinking to myself "is life worth living? Is it worth it when you're all alone and nobody understands you?"
I could just be going mental, but I honestly have no idea what to do or where to go. In a world where loneliness is your only companion, what do you do with yourself? How do you see yourself? A quitter? A fool? A freak?

Do we really have a role to play in this thing called 'Life'?
i used to feel that way. i thought about cutting but thats never a good idea and ive never done it. but you're never alone, there's that one person somewhere out there who understands, you just gotta find them or be patient until they find you.

if you ever wanna talk just message me or sumthin !
totally agree with dheatemochick
I agree with them. But I havent found mine yet
Lolerz.
I have felt this way before. I used to have that one person who was there bit they left so I have always had this feeling of hopelessness in the world until recently you should wait for that person like dhatemochick said.
i had feel the same as u do before.
but time help me.time is always the best medicine that cure my heart.

as the time flow.i start to thinking.what i need to do.
i need to do something i love.something good.i love music.i love sound.so i decide to continue my study futher in audio engineering at some college far from my house.

at there i start my new life.and trying to forget all misery memories in the past..
i feel that way now and here is why  
So tuesday made 4 months since the love of my life died well here I m 4 months latter no BF and no GF just all alone I still feel like she was the only person in the world who under stud me fully I just feel so lost without her and I know it will just keep getting worse

Mood: sad and lonel
I used to feel that way too but don't lose hope someone will come to help
stop trying to find meaning in your own life and be meaningful to the ones you love. you'll forget all about it trust me we all go through the same things.
i'm feelin really down lately and i have no idea y. some people have made an attempt at trying to help me figure out what the problem is but they gave up after the first attempt. the only one who seems to be really trying is my friend sean. its getting to the point where all i wanna go do now is get high and skateboard all the time. ive never smoked in my life. i know i didnt give much to work with but yea i just cant figure out y im all down and stuff.
well maybe its just ur mood or even the weather o.O
or perhaps its the accumulation of all the negative things happening around in your life and your finally starting to find a way out instead of keeping it all inside. Or I'm just totally wrong. But I hope I helped a little (:
But they are soo expensive .
You're probably just depressed. Everyone is, in different ways. I know how you feel, but I know that you'll be fine. Just talk to somebody you can trust about it.
My friend hates me because I accidentally did something insensitive I'd rather not talk about. Long story short, I reminded him of something I shouldn't have by accident. He won't talk to me and I don't know if he ever will again. What do I do?
I don't exactly know if this'll help, but if ur close to him, stick by his side even when he won't talk to u. Try somehow to show him ur sorry instead of telling him.
I know this thread is going to sound really wierd and stupid and retarded but..

Is there a way/ surgury that stops you from being horny/ wanting to do sexual stuff? Im sick of it. I always end up doing stupid stuff because of it and for it. Its always holding me back from my dreams and relationships and friend ships and idk what to do.. Its slowly tearing me apart..

Im sorry if you think im a creep now.. Im just really over it. I dont care if i never do anything kinky/sexual again i just want to end it..
No, I dont think there is a way to stop getting horney.

Oh and getting horny is a good thing.....
Oh my.

Nothing I can say in here, that's for sure.
I agree with scribe here.
being horny is amazing hun:D
being horny is amazing hun:DLol
!!!!
Dude, being horny helps you reproduce! We're horny for a REASON. Some people don't even GET horny, it's a sexual disorder. Wouldn't it be awesome to put your horny-ness in a jar and give it to them? HEHEH. well anyways, i dunno of there's a surgery but to be honest hun if there is I don't think it's worth it :/ 
I dunno though.... If you wanna I guess it's your decision...
a jar? ahaha,sure go for it:D
Hellz yeah a jar... Too bad that doesn't even exist yet. YET.
dont give away ur hornyness hun!
well, i agree sexual feelings can ruin relationships and shit. but u have to learn to control it. its not all good, but its not always a bad thing either.

Well if it's making you that unhappy....
I know this thread is going to sound really wierd and stupid and retarded but..Is there a way/ surgury that stops you from being horny/ wanting to do sexual stuff? Im sick of it. I always end up doing stupid stuff because of it and for it. Its always holding me back from my dreams and relationships and friend ships and idk what to do.. Its slowly tearing me apart..Im sorry if you think im a creep now.. Im just really over it. I dont care if i never do anything kinky/sexual again i just want to end it..how old r u? im guessing a teen, ur giong through some changes and hornyness is all part of those
horny? :D
I know this thread is going to sound really wierd and stupid and retarded but..Is there a way/ surgury that stops you from being horny/ wanting to do sexual stuff? Im sick of it. I always end up doing stupid stuff because of it and for it. Its always holding me back from my dreams and relationships and friend ships and idk what to do.. Its slowly tearing me apart..Im sorry if you think im a creep now.. Im just really over it. I dont care if i never do anything kinky/sexual again i just want to end it..how old r u? im guessing a teen, ur giong through some changes and hornyness is all part of thoseIm 18 this year
exactly
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Dude I kinda get what you mean but seriously, as annoying as it may be now you do NOT want to turn it off pernimently, specially once you've got a girlfriend/boyfriend etc. And as for what you can have done well the only thing I can think of is castration but dear god NO!! DO NOT DO IT!!! 

Just... practice saying 'No'.
Look i know it can be annoying at times and can ruin a bunch of shit but you don't want to get rid of it. It is a natural thing that shouldn't get rid of. Sometimes you got to say no to
I am really intrested in using a ouji bord, I know its is not something to joke about or fuck around with and i really want to try it, has anyone here had an experiance with one, or know where I can get one?
whats an ouji bord ?
It's a board where you can talk to ghosts from the dead. I don't recommend using one because it's an insult to the ghosts and they will follow you the rest of your lives.
Its not an insult using one, only if you insult the dead through the board is that bad
i've done my research
But shouldn't it be an insult because your waking the dead. Their in peace and you want to talk to them? Huh...
Depends on how you use the board ( I'm assuming you believe in this) but Surely using a board in a House of restless spirits isnt waking them, just to find out why they are here and what they want, huh...
Touche' You got me.
wow you aren't argueing, things have changed (joke)  have you used one?
No and I'm not willing to. And remember, I only argue when it comes to music and the scene.
and i thot "waking the dead" implied there were zombies involved somewhere... LMFAO!!!!xDDD
Ok wait lemme rephrase that. "Waking up the spirits." That way it won't sound so weird.
can't you make one? By cutting out pieces of paper and writing letters A-Z and numbers 0-9 on them with other symbols(like ! or &, and words like Yes, No) place them in a circle and put a glass in the middle as the indicator?
ive used one before,its a very odd experiance i had a conversation with something for bout two hours,it talked to me and i talked to it,i couldnt sleep for two days though,i kept feeling like something was watching me
i strongly think you shouldn't even go there. bc when you do that you open up doors to anothere realm. you would be letting not spirts in to you hope but as well as demons - which are very much real- but they will most likly leave you alone, but they will hurt your family.. i'm not joking what soever. so i think it's a really bad idea. it will just open doors that shouldn't be opened.
But even though that is true,it all depends one the person who does it aswell,you could summon a demon but it might not hurt u possibly befriend it,same as a ghost.If it is something evil or bad as some say,try saying a prayer or some kind of cleansing thing.
no wrong! very wrong. demon are no way shape or forum good. demons come from hell. they are the fallen angels. who worship the devil. he is the prince of evil. he live to steel, lie, and kill. doesn't matter who you are or what you do. using that to contact the dead is a very bad idea. please trust me when i say this. do that is the worest thing you could do.
I Have Also Wannted You Use A Ouji Board But Never had The Gut I Think It Would Be Cool To Go To A Cemetry And Do It On Halloween My Ex Does It Every Halloween..
I am really intrested in using a ouji bord, I know its is not something to joke about or fuck around with and i really want to try it, has anyone here had an experiance with one, or know where I can get one?I know how to make them, and they actually work. They say the don't work when they're homemade. I don't know how though, I have alot of experience with them and i don't like them much. If it's answers ur looking for, be careful and don't believe everything it says. People lie. Don't be offensive, and if who or whatever you're talking to says something bad to you, say goodbye and make sure it says goodbye too. That's important. Other than that, if you're christian or religious, be aware that it is a sin to use ouji boards. They aren't all bad, though, They can be fun . The answers u get are interesting and surprising. You need at least 2 ppl to use one. Don't let alot of people crowd around if they aren't using it, or it might not work.
Do ouiji boards have to have the upside down star on in? I remember a few boards I've seen in movies have them. Like in paranormal activity.
My grandma told me that when she was 17 she and her friend were messing with one.....and her friend asked when she would die....it said 17 and later that year my grandma's best friend died. So I find them very scary
yeah.... ouiji boards are a VERY bad idea.... bad things happen to good(or bad) people.... just trust EVERY one that says its a bad idea.....
Thanks for all your advice
i hope you choose not to use it, for you and your family's sake
Do ouiji boards have to have the upside down star on in? I remember a few boards I've seen in movies have them. Like in paranormal activity.no,  the ones i used and made didn't. it's just a symbol that means ur using the ouji board for bad intentions. Those are the ones u use to  talk to "demons" or dark spirits.oh, and i agree with DarkVampireGirl.
thanks at least somebody thank this is a very bad idea
ive used one before,its a very odd experiance i had a conversation with something for bout two hours,it talked to me and i talked to it,i couldnt sleep for two days though,i kept feeling like something was watching meKeyword there: 'something.' Not necessarily 'someone.'Yes, Ouija boards can be used to communicate with the souls of deceased human beings. However, you should be aware that Ouija boards are portals. Once they're opened, anything can come through.Anything.And it's not easy getting things to return from where they came.Also, if you do manage to invite some unpleasant thing onto our side, DON'T burn the Ouija board until AFTER you send it back. Burning the board closes the portal and makes it nearly impossible to reverse the damage.Just so everyone knows.
I would urge caution, I know several people for whom it's absolutely ruined their lives. Half the time its based on auto sugestion and what people want to feel/experience and the other half it seems to be a genuine experience which is not one that you have any controll over. My mate warned me in no uncertain terms That you should never use them. Your choice but felt like I should say something
I also agree with darkvampiregirl .
me and a friend bought one from spencers. it kept spelling out "save her" no matter what we asked it the board would only spell out "save her" finally we got tired of it and went to go put it away... my friend slipped and fell on the cat, completely squishing it. there was cat blood and guts everywhere. we were all slipping on the remains of what used to be a cat. the cat was a girl... "save her". the next time we pulled the board out to mess with it. the board kept spelling out the word "meow". i won't touch the damn thing anymore, just thinking about this is giving me the shivers again.
Please don't use one i've used one before it was the fucking scariest thing i ever did. Seriously there is something now haunting my school (not kidding at all) but if you want to use one that is your own decision but don't say i didn't warn you
well today i just figured out that my boyfriend thinks that i dont love him... i was at one time going out with one of his best friends, so i think that my ex must have told him that i didnt love him or something. and now i really dont like him at all right now, and he is super emo/suicidal so i dont want to talk to him about it. What should i do??!! someone please help me!!!
Just tell him exactly what you are telling us. You said that ur boyfriend thinks that u don't love him because of what his best friend said. You really do love him, but  he says you don't. (I think its trust issues). That if ur relationship was real and true then there shouldn't be any trust issues between you guys. You can tell him that if he really loved you, he would have not have listened to his friend and instead go to you and tell you what happened. Of course you don't have to listen to me, but thats what I think and sorry for the choppy sentences... crappy internet 
well today i just figured out that my boyfriend thinks that i dont love him... i was at one time going out with one of his best friends, so i think that my ex must have told him that i didnt love him or something. and now i really dont like him at all right now, and he is super emo/suicidal so i dont want to talk to him about it. What should i do??!! someone please help me!!! be honest with him, tell him how you feel, and tell him the truth
Is this J. B we're talking about??
Recently, i lost my bestest and most closest friend to suicide
and i just dont know what to do or how to cope with it.
hell i dont even know how im going to be able to live without him
he was the bestest friend i have ever had
he was always there for me, always so...honest and now hes gone and i feel like its my fault like i should have done something to stop him
his life was an exact reflection of my life....not onnce did i ever think to lose him 
after watching my cousin commit suicide and being in a coma for a year he popped up into my life made it better and godd i just cant stand life without him!! :,(
its been a week and now everywhere i look i see people with their best friends and it just reminds me of how i dont have one....not anymore at least
and i have no other friends really (the rest are just pretending and treat me like crap) and people saying he is a coward is only making things worse.....
not to mention i got kicked out of my house
found out i was adopted
im failing mainly all my classes
and i cant take people bullying and harassing me any longer
i dont know i just need help...and wanted to let it all out....
It is in no way your fault.
It isnt his either. Sometimes life gets too hard... 
I know because, to be completely honest, i have been considering doing the same, but i have to remind myself that i have people who (even though it may not seem that way at times) love me. Some people are not able to do that.
When someone is depressed to the point of suicide, they cant think clearly. 
That doesnt mean that Their a "coward"...
That doesnt mean their crazy...
Its natural.
Your friend loved you.
I know that because you call him a friend. 
At the time he was probobly too scared and desparate that he couldnt think of his loved ones.

I know what it feels like to loose someone so dear. Trust me, i do.
But, even if you dont beleive me when i say it now, it gets better. The pain will always be there, but you will be able to go on with your life. 
So live, Im more than cirtain that your friend would want you to.


-Madi

If you ever need someone to talk to im here.
the best way to cope is to realize a couple of things
read this article the author helped me alot
hello there EP.2 days ago i met a girl on chatango her name is Callie. she lives in Missouri and i live in Illinois we are now bf/gf,and crazy in love  .we want to meet in person but my family is moving to Texas. we are both very sad about this, id try to convince my dad to move us to Mo but hes sick of the cold weather that means we may never be able to kiss,hug,cuddle,love.in person.   anyone have a similar case?
Long distance relationships are one of the toughest challenges in life. I've been through a couple myself.
The best advice I can give you is stay strong and save every penny you can. One day. you two may get to meet.
And when that day comes, it'll be magical.
Long distance relationships are one of the toughest challenges in life. I've been through a couple myself.The best advice I can give you is stay strong and save every penny you can. One day. you two may get to meet.And when that day comes, it'll be magical.I agree with zaky, they really are one of the toughest challenges in life. I've been through one myself but we were too young and too immature to really treasure what we had but we ended up good friends in the end and it's been 5-6 yrs and we still talk to this day (:
hello there EP.2 days ago i met a girl on chatango her name is Callie. she lives in Missouri and i live in Illinois we are now bf/gf,and crazy in love  .we want to meet in person but my family is moving to Texas. we are both very sad about this, id try to convince my dad to move us to Mo but hes sick of the cold weather that means we may never be able to kiss,hug,cuddle,love.in person.   anyone have a similar case?Texas has bad weather very cold winters aswell
so i told dad i was bi. he said no ur not. i said he cant control my sexual preferences. he said oh yes i can and the convo stopped there. i think thats a load of bullshit.
most people say they don't just to try and make a stand that they somehow truly "cannot control it" when the fact is you fell for a simple thing of liking someone of the same gender in terms of beauty usually before anything.  Which results in you believing you are.  

I made a post of this in the other thread that I know you posted in today.
its not like that. i have been bi 4 a while, and hes homophobic. im scared hell try to force me to be straight, which he cant really do.
u can only be u, the world will try and twist u around and shape u, but its only ur will that prevents that from occuring
I refer you to my previous post on the other thread that was shockingly massive lol
i dont tell my parents my sexuality. because they already think i am a fagget already. dont want to do anymore
how can anyone control your sexuality? You can't even control it. I mean, I wanted to be fully straight, but here I am liking another girl. wtf? If I were you I'd ignore him.
my dad told me to fucking kill myself when i sayed i was bi so i just let it blow over and it is bullshit and if you are happy be happy
Sometimes parents are scared.
They don't understand what would make you have feelings for something that was considered wrong when they were teens.
Sometimes, they're afraid for what might happen to you if you tell the wrong person youre gay or bi and they dont want you to get hurt.
But the hurtful things they say to their children can go too far and are just plain cruel
Any of you guys can PM me if you ever want to talk
It's just hard for parents to embrace the fact that their child is attracted to both genders.
My mom completely flipped out on me when I told her,and so I let her believe I was straight even though I am Bi.
And yes,I have had girlfriends,and boyfriends,but she never knew about it.
I don't plan on telling her any time soon,but she will find out one day.
So I have recently concluded that I am bisexual, of that, I am sure. But the problem is...how in the hell do I tell my parents? It can be kind of hard to hide sometimes and there will come a point where they'll have to know. So how do I come out to my parents?
well, i came out with being bisexual (i'm not actually bisexual, i'm homosexual but i was in denial at the time i suppose) but um, i told my aunt, who i trust dearly, and yeah.
I'm not sure if my parents would be upset or not...I fear their disapproval.
well dont, be bold.
I'll try : /
okay  good luck, OH and if they say its just a phase, dont freak out, pose a calm argument.
Thanks.
haha its nothing
*Sigh* Now I'm scared to say anything...maybe I'll wait.
its your choice, you dont HAVE to tell them, but i encourage it.
Well it's not that I don't want to tell them, it's just that I'm scared.
I don't want to come out.
well dont hold back, tell them and have no fear.
I DID IT!  I FREAKIN DID IT! I TOLD MY PARENTS!!!
what'd they say?
Well my mom was...unsure. She didn't know what to make of it. But we talked a bit and she was ok with it. my dad didn't really care. He just said "It's your choice. Go for it." Not as bad as I thought it'd be at all.
well congratz
I feel so accomplished
-high fives-
-High Fives-
now... -shoots at random with a nail-gun-
**Takes the nail gun from Alex**
-shoots Jacquie in the neck 15 times-
DAMN IT, ALEX! **Throws a nuclear bomb at Alex; Hides** You hurted me.
-dodges bomb- -cuts Jacquie's neck and stuffs a grenade in it- runs-
**Tears the grenade out; inserts grenade into Alex's nose;runs**
-rips it out-
Ewwww...you got snot on my grenade
sorry..
**Grenade blows up** SHIT!
-saves Jacquie-
Thank you. I should've deactivated the damn thing...
K :I
So now what do we do...?
idk..
Jello...
jello is good
Sorry, I just got done gaging my ears.
kewl.
I just realized I posted that on two of my threads.
i have the same problem except my family are PROUD CHRISTIANS its very weird to be a gurl bisexual in a place were gays get jumped. wiat until ur older or ease your way into it. like hang around with alot of boys then check out gurls with them make it look the its a peer pressure thing then when and if they ask come out with it
i have the same problem except my family are PROUD CHRISTIANS its very weird to be a gurl bisexual in a place were gays get jumped. wiat until ur older or ease your way into it. like hang around with alot of boys then check out gurls with them make it look the its a peer pressure thing then when and if they ask come out with itWhy the hell did you steal the information off my profile?
I can honestly say that this is the most random forum I've ever been on.
More random than the Random section on 4chan.
[quote name=''emoangl42' pid='22472' dateline='1267741127'] well' date=' i came out with being bisexual (i'm not actually bisexual, i'm homosexual but i was in denial at the time i suppose) but um, i told my aunt, who i trust dearly, and yeah. [/quote']
i have the same problem except my family are PROUD CHRISTIANS its very weird to be a gurl bisexual in a place were gays get jumped. wiat until ur older or ease your way into it. like hang around with alot of boys then check out gurls with them make it look the its a peer pressure thing then when and if they ask come out with itWhy the hell did you steal the information off my profile?aaaawwwwwwkwwaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrd
Did you read the profile? We both have the same information in the same order! She stole it from my profile.
lawl... sounds like you have a troll on your hands...i mean, our hands, if you want help...Jacquie
There's not really much I can do...
welll.....i'll tell you what to do in a pm.
Ok.
i've handled many trolls, so, meh, i'm kind've experienced in this matter.
I've never experienced it...
i read your thing about coming out to your parents and its great that you had a postive result...Your lucky I will never tell my parents im bi cause they beat me and kick me out the house.
well crap i never told my parents im bisexual and i probaly never will i keep most my relationships a secret. + my grama is a jesus freak
i told the people i trusted, like my brothers and  my sister.my mom is clueless about anything in our lives so no worry there. i got a bunch of crap at school for me being bi but i didnt care because the people i loved excepted me.
im straight, but i dont believe in gay rights i believe in human rights, because bi's,homosexual ,and lesbians r human too
im straight, but i dont believe in gay rights i believe in human rights, because bi's,homosexual ,and lesbians r human too thank you,someone understands
any christian worth his salt should say the same
too bad they dont
aye too bad most of them arnt comfortable with their own sexuality,  subconsciously they see it as a contagious disease, but someone who is 100%  comfortable with their own sexuality has no fear thus no resentment
I am really unsure right now about my orientation. The other night I was talking with my bi friend and we talked for hours and then I told her i was really confused about this stuff and then I kinda started remembering lots of stuff from my past that my memory suppressed. Then I realized that I might not be totally straight. Im still confused but she told me that my past is my past and that I am whatever I am now. So, I think I might be bi. It seems though to me like Im not really bi. Im probably just more open to it. more ...curious... Ive never really felt that way towards a girl. Its confusing but I know no matter what that I still have to love myself.
Idk way they would say im scared of losing my friends for it...
well..I have come to the conclusion that I am pretty sure I am totally straight but in life and philosophy who is??? my thoughts are no more different or abnormal than any one else's...we all go through the same confusions and stuff. u dont always have to come to a conclusion. Im just open minded.
No one has to give a damn. 
But I just cried for the first time in five months.
im sry Ember!!!
Rain... Ohmygod...
sorry:(
I almost forgot what it was like....
u alrite? do u need a cyber hug and a cyber cookie?
Thank you, rain. Hug and cookie accepted....
ur welcome. a hug and a cookie makez everything betta
*gives oreos, milk, dr pepper, and mountain dew*
the most amazing things in the world...but the milk's only there for the oreos.
ill feel very bad if you're lactose intolerant.
ya, that would b bad. but if she is, ill take the milk.
I'm not lactose intolerant... and Oreos are wonderful... But it doesn't solve anything...
well y were u crying? i help every1 w/ this type of stuf, including my rents.
... You want to know why I was crying?
ya. if u dont wanna say it on the forum, u can msg me. i can help.
There is no help. I can't get help. All I will get is apologies. 
I don't want apologies... I'm tired of them. 
But thank you, rain. I believe I am about to explode and tell everyone publicly why I'm crying. Because I don't want to repeat it. 
I don't know.
hey, itz alright. any1 can get help. and right now im ur help. im not some therapist, but im a friend who is willing to make her friend feel betta. so if there IS anything i can do to help, or if u just need a shoulder to cry on, go ahead. im here. ill alwayz be here. even if im not online. but i will always be here
Okay. Thanks.
ur welcome
heyy ppl
Uhm. Hey?
wat ember said
I don't think I've cried in two years. I just stopped caring.
i dont cry on the outside only on the inside
its a matter of pride its one of my greatest faults
well i cry a few times a week
Dont they say crying often is better ?  when yooh keep it in , sooner or later youll explode ,thats happened to me...alot . so now im just letting it all out...Better o.o
heyy ppl... that was anti-climactic.
It totally was. XD
Just because it's here.
I cried last night.
My life went to hell.
I hate it.

By the way. I still love you Ember
I pretty much got kicked out of school. My counselor found out, and told my school principal. He said that i wasn't going to be let back in the school unless i have a note from the psychiatrist saying that i won't cut again, but that could not happen. U can't just decide to stop. I left today not even saying good bye to friends. i was able to catch 1 of my teachers, i told him what was going on (i was telling him this stuff from the start of me cutting) and i said that this was the last time i will see him 4 a long time. We hugged and said good bye. 



3/21/11
I got the note not to long ago, u don't know how happy i was ( for once) to be back with friends. But honestly i never stopped. I'm going to so many different concealers i can't keep track of most their names. I see my school concealer everyday. It's not enough though.
					
					

Actually you can stop cutting. Can I suggest a massage and a brain cleansing? Just chill out and forget all that's ever happen. The past is the past. Never look back.




P.S. Your counselors fucking STUPID.
they can kick you out of school for this??? ohhh...honey i'm so sorry...but everything wll be okah in time
There's a thread somewhere about this, have a look around and there's some tips and people you can talk to on here if you wana, me included.
dude, your counsler fucking sucks. I started cutting in elementry (way way long ago) and the counsler found out and she called my parents so I had to lie.... and im sorry.
im sorry...
LOL counselors :'] plus, they're not allowed to kick you out of school for mental problems or physical, unless you're definitely a danger to the other students. I expect you've somehow got the wrong end of the stick, you're lying, or you're not telling the whole story ._.
kicking someone out for self harm would be similar to removing someone for being anorexic. and i dont see them doing that. 

i can understand it a bit more however, if you've been cutting during lessons and infront of people, and have influenced other people to do the same. although thats still not on the grounds to expel you permanently.
I know exatly how you feel. I was sent to a "place" to get help when the teacher found out
wow...my counselor found out..made my mom pick me up for the day and now im getting help....I am committing myself to NOT CUTTING ever again....find other ways to cope with stress....my best wishes for u...
seriously 0.o they found out one of my good friends started cutting and all they did was had her call home.
seriously 0.o they found out one of my good friends started cutting and all they did was had her call home. yeah...thats the way they handle it...as long as ur not bringing cutting tools to school and flaunting them around. if ur not a threat to anybody then they can't kick you out of school.
ive nver cut, but i send my condolences to those who do
tips i gots. first I got to say some people use drugs to blow off steam. i used too. DONT F**KING DO DRUGS. they just f**k up ur life more. now that the depressing part is over...

Try exercising until you *literally* drop or screaming your heart out (when no1s arround lol) thats what I do wen I feel the urge to cut. I get what you mean, its hard to stop. ive been trying and im not perfect ( ;( ) but ive been making good progress.
I pretty much got kicked out of school. My counselor found out, and told my school principal. He said that i wasn't going to be let back in the school unless i have a note from the psychiatrist saying that i won't cut again, but that could not happen. U can't just decide to stop. I left today not even saying good bye to friends. i was able to catch 1 of my teachers, i told him what was going on (i was telling him this stuff from the start of me cutting) and i said that this was the last time i will see him 4 a long time. We hugged and said good bye. 3/21/11I got the note not to long ago, u don't know how happy i was ( for once) to be back with friends. But honestly i never stopped. I'm going to so many different concealers i can't keep track of most their names. I see my school concealer everyday. It's not enough though.you can never just stop cutting at random and have it be easy, that is true.But you should really think about slowing down or quitting- cutting's not the healthiest thing to do. Talk to the counselor and see if you can get a therapist to help out
My mom is addicted to prescription drugs. They're my dad's. He has a bad back problem and a nerve disease. He's trying to get surgery and treatment so he wont need to take the drugs anymore. He keeps them in a locked box. but..my mom is so desperate she broke into it with a screwdriver and a hammer. She also buys them off the street. and it's like there nothin i can do about it.she gets so messed up sometimes....the other day she fell and hit her head on a table. Luckily it didn't split her skull open We've tried hiding the drugs but she is so manipulative. You're basically damned if u do and damned if u dont....if she doesnt get pills...she gets pissed and screams at u...and when she does that to me i end up going off somewhere and crying hard and then fighting with my bf....it just turns into a wreck =[ but yeah

i hate drugs.. =[
i dont blame you, they ruin lives, i'm trying to stop heroin.
i get wut u mean, dats da way dat my dad wuz, he wuz always hittin my mom cuz he wuz so fucked up but hes gttn better, i hope. and da bad thing is dat im like him alot and im already a drinker, i jst hope i dnt turn n2 him and hav all dat shit stuck wit me
drinking is bad
i spose i should be glad that my parents dont hit eachother =/
:I
thank goodnessdat my mom wuz smart enough 2 move us all put b4 it went 2 far, and yes children drinking is bad, it makes u do really stupid stuff.... but its kinda hard 2 stop.....
so ish herion :\
:'(
I Know How Hard Prescription Addiction Is. I Used To Be Addicted To Vicodin As Well As Adderall. 
It Sucks When Your Jonezing For Your Fix. 
But Its Cureable.

I Would Reccomend Her To Watch A Season Of Intervention And The Movie Requiem For A Dream.
Works Every Time.
my mom was. dad says(i dont really believe this) that my aunt is hooked on ridilin
I'm reading a small book about drugs and your parents
sometimes I just wanna get high. Ive never done it b4 but im so curious. Im not on drugs but I think about it more than normal
drugs suck. seriously. i learned the hard way how much they can f**k up ur life. dont even start. ur depressed? cutting urself is better then drugs. really people. DONT F**KING DO DRUGS. Sry for my depressing awnswer. just really. DONT EVEN TRY IT.
so lately life has been of lil or no value to me. suggestions?
Take up parkour?
life has value u just cant see it yet
watevers botherin u jus go and take care of it
Take up parkour? my cousin is doing that! lol but i mean it has value, justnot as much as it used to. i think iv figured out the problem. its my house. i feel trapped, and want to get out and see whe world, whether it be accross the ocean, or accross town. i guess i was just bored, and that worsened my depression. thx 4 all ur help guyz!
WARNING- DEPRESSING AWNSWER!*sigh* I honestly dont see the point in life either. We live to die. Life has a promise of death, but what does death promise? not life. Have fun in this life for what? its not like it will matter when ur dead.
yeah im just really depressed right now and i dont wanna do anything. we made plans yesterday to hand out today and he said he would call me but he never did, probably forgot about me which is easy to do. hes done this before and i feel like crap but i always go back to him. i figure its better than being alone but im so overwhelmed right now and i feel unwanted. i think ill just go cry, not like he cares
awwww hun plz dont say that...im here for you =)
What a jerk. A pretty girl like you deserves better
leave him. there are a million guys out there who will treat u better. u deserve WAAAAY better than that asshole.
thanks guys 
i feel a little better today
why dont you ask him why he does it maybe there is a good reason???
Yes, Im a guy, and yes, we can be jackasses. dump him, dude! seriously theres a ton more guys out there that wont be like that.


... no im not gay.
Well lately my life has been going downhill really fast. First my boyfriend abandons me after the fires that happened here then his friends lie to me. They said he was in jail and i believed it and saved up to bail him out. Then I find out he was never in jail that he bailed....preppy jerk. Well we were engaged to be married and he knew i had fears of being abandoned and he used it. So i lost all my friends due to that. They figured if he didn't want me neither should they. Well people started to make fun of me and put me down. It made me want to run and hide somewhere. Yet I kept getting up and going to work and walmart. So I just started trying to make friends again and this time I am single, tired of being single, and just looking around me. I know not everything I want is within my grasp but I am trying. I left my phone at a party andhave been trying to get it back since i lost it. Well I have not been having the best of luck because I am afraid I might lose my job soon. It is not fun being afraid of such things. To end it all I am just looking for some friends and possibly a really nice emo guy who won't break me like everyone else has. Someone who can share my visions and teach me some of his.
first  those people were not ur friends a friend does not leave you because of some jerkoff, secondly wal-mart is not the best place to work so I'd as sooner find another, life has its hills and dips but you must not give in too the hills, instead if you get tired sit down and take a breather, if you need anything else PM me
I am scarred for life...my Boyfriend's friend showed me a video and now i dont think i can sleep..
what kind of video was it?
im afraid to watch it
watch it if you want..
well if you cant sleep because of that video then i think im not going to watch it
you made a smart choice..
ok..i hope i did
i just read the first sentence after that i stopped reading..
you asked..
i regret asking now
I know.
i can see why you cant sleep
You watched it?
NO..just the first sentence seems like the video would leave you scarred
yeah...
.
now im super glad i didnt watch it
im not going to watch it
I watched it 2 more times, it doesnt bother me anymore..i've desensitized myself by watching gore today.
mhmm im still not going to watch it.
i wouldnt reccomend you do.
hmm im going to the chat bye XD
.
u guise shud check out 1 guy 1 jar
thats terrible
Already did Togga, its kinda funny, and emo-angel, they killed 21 people, one of them gave up and got a 9 year sentence while the rest got like 4 life sentences.
21 people
yes, and probably killed in the same fashion.
Well i can see why your scarred
meh i don't think killers are scary ;d
Crap, now I'm just really curious. I wanna see it, to see whats it all about. But I allways regret doing so. That's  what happened with Paranomal Activity. It took me months to could sleep a whole night, whitout waking up at three am.
Ahhhh I can't get the images out of my head!!
Okay... I'm in love. we've been together for almost seven months and the first four were the very best. Being high school kids getting ready to graduate, we've planned so much.. what college we'll attend, getting married, getting good jobs, getting an apartment soon... what we'll do as we grow older. We promised to tell each other EVERYTHING, no matter what it was. We don't want to keep secrets from each other. But I have this feeling he's not telling me something...
He admitted to me that there's a part of him that still has feelings for his ex, who'd dumped him. But now I notice he's spending more time with her and more often he's not answering his phone when I call. Random people come up to me when I'm in class and tell me that she's out in the hall somewhere with him trying to grope him, stuff like that... and the most disturbing is that I found some text messages in his phone where he's calling someone else babe or bay. I'm starting to doubt in him, despite how much I love him because I'd put my trust in him and he'd put my trust in me. I feel he's taking me for granted and it's really eating at me.. so what should I do in this case??
i know this is going to sound like bullcrap. but anyways...

i know you have feelings for him. but watch your back. 
make sure you will not be placed in a situation where you can get hurt if worst comes to worst. 
i don't mean to sound depressing or pessimistic, but in my honest opinion that doesn't sound too good. 
if you haven't tried talking to him about it, first talk with him about it. 
if you've tried that and everything still feels wrong,
take a little bit of your trust back until he earns it back. 
no one deserves to be heartbroken, and the best way to avoid that is to watch out for yourself.
just be smart about the situation.
That's what I'm doing now. Thank you Sammy
glad i could help . p.m. me if you need anything
This thread is for those who suffered and/or is suffering from 'Anorexia Nervosa'. From experience, I know what it's like and all the hardships I had to endure. There is hope out there for anybody who's been suffering from this, and I want to know how you've experienced it.
my ex gf was suffering from that and i hated to see her like that.it made me cry....i dont want to see a girl suffer like that:(
my ex gf was suffering from that and i hated to see her like that.it made me cry....i dont want to see a girl suffer like that:(Yeah, I understand
My ex GF suffered from that too.  I helped her out of it tho, but when we separated she went back to it, and bulimia as well...IDK how she is today. D:
that shit sucked and it was not fun at all i felt like i was fat when i only weighed 80 pounds and i was so skinny and it sucked but im over it now but that kind brought me down
My ex GF suffered from that too.  I helped her out of it tho, but when we separated she went back to it, and bulimia as well...IDK how she is today. D:i wonder how my ex gf is everyday man:(
my best friend who is like my sister has it now and bulimia she is so skinny it scares me :'( and she says she is fine ? how can I help her see her really weight and not the one she sees ...??
my best friend who is like my sister has it now and bulimia she is so skinny it scares me :'( and she says she is fine ? how can I help her see her really weight and not the one she sees ...??Talk to her, be there for her.Sit down with her and talk about how much it concerns you to her like this
i have really tried that she just believes that there is nothing wrong "i say shes not eating and she fights back and says she does she is really fiesty , but evryone knows she is anorexic apart from her ..
:/ ahh 
LuLu suffers on. I don't know how much I weigh but just looking at myself in the mirror, I know that even if I did know how much I weigh, I would not say it. 
I dont actually see myself as really fat... I'm just not as thin as I'd like to be. So if I knew and said my weight, I know someone else will weigh less, and I'd get upset. 
Most of my friends are all so skinny, like they don't even try, they just either were born with a slight, slender build or have really fast metabolism. Its kinda difficult for me to be around them. Comparing myself to them, I would say I'm fat. So I'm embarrassed to stand next to them so that other people can see the difference in size between us. 
I've been called fat before, yes... So that kinda contributes. It's stopped now, but still :/ 
I'm aiming for that skeletal figure, I don't give two flying fucks if people tease me for being anorexic, I'll fucking kill myself if I'm ever made fun of for being fat again.
:/ ahh LuLu suffers on. I don't know how much I weigh but just looking at myself in the mirror, I know that even if I did know how much I weigh, I would not say it. I dont actually see myself as really fat... I'm just not as thin as I'd like to be. So if I knew and said my weight, I know someone else will weigh less, and I'd get upset. Most of my friends are all so skinny, like they don't even try, they just either were born with a slight, slender build or have really fast metabolism. Its kinda difficult for me to be around them. Comparing myself to them, I would say I'm fat. So I'm embarrassed to stand next to them so that other people can see the difference in size between us. I've been called fat before, yes... So that kinda contributes. It's stopped now, but still :/ I'm aiming for that skeletal figure, I don't give two flying fucks if people tease me for being anorexic, I'll fucking kill myself if I'm ever made fun of for being fat again. ^ Thats exacly how I am & how I feel!
8D isn't it unhappying? ...did you Hear that? That's the sound of a new word being born:3
But yeah. It's not nice :/
My gf is anorexic and it really scares me. Shes only 90 pounds and she thinks she fat, I try to make her see that she's really skinny but she wont listen
My gf is anorexic and it really scares me. Shes only 90 pounds and she thinks she fat, I try to make her see that she's really skinny but she wont listen im sorry.... its really hard for me to eat habibi
Dont be sorry for anything
I had an eating disorder and I lost weight by not eating. Then every time I tried to eat I felt like vomiting. Food made me feel sick and being in a situation where I was supposed to eat in front of people made me feel sick. I have OCD and Im battling a cutting disorder so they all feed off of each other.  In order to battle my eating disorder I had to start a healthy lifestyle. Once I got used to eating healthy all the time, it wasn't hard and I naturally lost weight. I hope I can keep this up.
^^^
thats the same with me. I mean im trying to get over it and eat normal again. but im so afraid and have no desire to eat.
So thursday, February 17th my grandma went in for a surgery, it was gonna be just another surgery for her cancer whatever.
There was complications and she was kept sedated and sleeping for 2 weeks until wednesday, when her kidneys failed. me and my sister went and said our goodbyes but she wasn't conscious. I talked to her the night before her surgery and feel soooo incredibly terrible for her. She thought she was going to come out of it perfect.

Thursday, March 3rd my grandma passed away. she was the only i truly cared about in this world and i lost her. she was the most beautiful, happy, amazing, awesome person i've ever met but she was also in a lot of pain for 7 years. 

So, if anyone would just send me a msg and watever just to cheer me up a bit i'd appreciate it?

RIP Grandma?
Im really sorry to here that =( . *gives a mad long epic hug*

Just remember that your Grandma will always love you =) . and im absilutly sure that what ever deity/deities or spiritual domain shes in she will be looking down at you and smiling and be happy for you =) .

Just never give up just because shes gone. She will for ever look after you and give you support in this world until you meet her in the next =)
im so sorry *also hugs you*
you will always have the memory of her though
and one day you will be able to think of her without any sadness but instead with all the happiness she made you feel
Oh no x((
*hugs*
Well look at it this way , she died not thinking she was going to die so she passed away happyli : )
You should be glad that now her pain is gone , even though she left with it . 
 feel better okay ?
I know she wouldnt want you to be sad
My sister died many years ago i only got to meet her once and those memorys are realy fuzzy she died when i was young and i wish i could have realy gotten to know her.
hey everyone. 

i just thought i'd tell you im seeing a councilor now. im not fond of the woman nor do i trust her but my friends seem to think its whats best for me so next week when i see the school councilor im either going to have a mass fit and break down crying for an hour or sit in silence and fidgit for an hour. i dnt know what will happen, i am scared but its for the best... right?
Well some times it can help you but some times it dosent. ive been to 5 different councilors and none of them helped me except for one gave me information on how to get into the music industry lol =P . But dont think it might not work for you =) . I know heaps of people where it changed them for the better and made them alot happier and calmer. Just be open , it takes a while and a few sessions to open up to each councilor but you will soon be able to and it will help you maybe =) .
u can do it
thanks guys!!!!! your a boost of confidence XD
i have been feeling really depressed lately, and today i had just found out that my boyfrined is cheating on me, which sucks a lot. i am so p.o'd. i am seriously about to break up with him, and go out with someone i met over youtube, he is a lot sweeter than my boyfriend i have now.
i have been feeling really depressed lately, and today i had just found out that my boyfrined is cheating on me, which sucks a lot. i am so p.o'd. i am seriously about to break up with him, and go out with someone i met over youtube, he is a lot sweeter than my boyfriend i have now.You don't deserve that bull.If he's cheating on you, then break up.But I'm not sure if you should go out with a guy you met on youtube.Unless, you're completely over your boyfriend and know the guy.I know what you're going through.My ex cheated on me too.You can talk to me anytime
Sweetie, if someone's cheating on you, there's no deciding. One strike their out. Break up with him. Cheating is such a sickening thing. I seriously wanna hurl right now.
I know what it feels like to hurt this way.  I think you'll pull through though.  I agree with Rain, if he cheats on you, then there is no deciding. He's taking u for granted, and u don't deserve to be stepped on that way. If you get with the guy over youtube, just know that online dating is alot harder than regular dating is unless you know this guy in person or have met him before. Anyone can cheat on you and break your heart again. Be careful, this is a cruel world! I hope you get someone that will mend your heart and make you feel good.
Depends, did he confess? Or did you catch him out? If he confessed then at least he's honest and if he says it wont happen again, you can trust that it won't. Trust me i've, stupidly, been that guy and stayed with my gf for over a year and a half after it. 
If you like walked in on it then find out more about how it happened etc but if he doesn't actually like/respect you then don't go out with him. 

NEVER go out with someguy you meet online, at least meet up with other people around first.
thanks everybody your comments really helped! I have decided tht after school today I am going to text him and break up woth him that way! so yeah. THANKS EVERYONE!!!!
im ring to find someone on here tat I can go out with thats around my age. but idk no one said anything back yet, so ill just keep hoping...
you sure you wana do that? Bad plan to date online people hun...
you sure you wana do that? Bad plan to date online people hun... I agree with Sam, its a really bad idea. What if that person just wants to have some fun and cheat on you like your ex did?
And some guys, complete dickheads, just want all teh dirty talk and pictures of you they shouldnt ask for whilst actually having a 'real' girlfriend away from the computer. 
So tbh... just get out and about, meet some real people and have some fun. Dnt break your heart on a fiction tho.
how do u know he cheated on u? is the source credible? do wat ur heart says and remeber, many have claim over the truth, but its up to u to judge fairly
Hey yu cld probly do bettr thn a cheater. I say dump his a$$. Watevr yu decide, Good Luck(:
aww r u ok?
u should break up with him 
if i found out my bf cheated on me i would break up with him on the spot
well thats just me but how long did you kno?
do you kno who the girl is?
Hmm... my ex forgave me when I cheated on her and we stayed together for another year and a half.
you should break up with him, bc ive been cheated on too.  and like he deff doesnt respect you , and takes u for granted.   and its likely the person  will cheat on you again . & its not going to be easy to get over him, but its better to be single then get fckd over ina relationship.  & if you need someone to talk to , im here  
yeah i kno who she is... but ur comments really helped thnx!!!
i kno diz iz a chick prob n everythin but itz simple dump da asshole dats fuckin around simple as 123 haha
i just found out that my best matewas in a car accident last night coming back from a concert it was head on to a truck and now hes in hospital for internal bleeding and he sent me a text right before that happened ='(

plz help me i dont know whats going to happen i need all of your support
God  will look after him
He'll be fine. God is with him, after all
Gosh.. I hope everything will end with a happy end !
im so sorry, but im sure everything will be okay. if you need someone to talk to you can pm me
I'm so sorry  
You'll get through this, and I'm sure your friend will be okay 
*hands you cookie*
would a group hug from everybody help?
^ yes it would 

shane- yes i know, thank you shane
Modern technology will help him. And I bet he has someone that has enough willpower that will make him well. you can PM me if you want
he got out of hospital yesterday!!
Yay! I love happy endings.
so do i
Great! =)
Praise God!!
i am so sorry.. i hope everything is ok.. if you need someone to listen just message me...
didnt see the other one.. yay.. thats good that he is out..
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay it was the hug
haha yes it was ^
he stared in silence, unable to cope, or to understand his defeat. what had he done to deserve such fate. Grief struck him hard in the chest, like an arrow peircing the night. A single tear escaped his eye, as his sweet love slipped through his fingers, and left him standing in the fog, alone again.
aww  *hugs you tightly*
she just i dont know wat to do she was my drive and i loved her
Just... Exist :/ That's all I ever managed to do mate. Just exist and (as lame and cliched as it sounds) Time will heal :/ I hate having to say that but it's the truth ..
well if she really loved you would she do that?....im sorry shane im not trying to be mean im just trying to help you out =)
i know thank u
no problem, im here for you punk =) *hugs tight*
awwe sorry hun *hugs*
awww,well i know it hurts like hell now but you'll find someone else who treats you better im sure
yer i agree ^
Shes not worth it, and once a cheater-not always a cheater but theres a pretty good chance. once you do it it takes alot not to. unless you find who you believe is your soulmate.  
i agree with InkSickVegan totaly :3
I agree with the wise people above :-)
u are all wise and thank u
no problem Shane =)
Shane i hardly know you but I wish i could say more helpful things. :/ i was probably no help at all. sorry *hugs*
u very words were more than enough hav faith in urself
Aha thats kinda hard when i hate myself
u shouldn't
aw hun i read ur thread late ... and ik this is really hard cuz u rly rly rly loved her... but with Gods help i promise hun u will get through it.. and i am always here for u, uk that
i know, she messaged me, i cant handle this anymore ugh God forgive me
*gives you hug* 
I don't mean to be harsh, but onto the next one, cuz this one clearly wasn't worth it 
*hugs*
well jus 2 let ya kno dont go chasin somethin u kno ur never gona get bak
you welcome shane
I feel a little bit insecure about writing this,  it could even sound pathetic to some but I dont care anymore. Today was my worst day ever. I've lost my very best friend. When i picked up my phone her parents told me that she has crashed with her car... I nearly dropped my phone. At first I thought that this must be a weird joke but after i heard her mom crying i understood that i probably lost the only one who cared about me and gave a shit about me and my emotions. Now she is gone, forever. Gosh, Im writing this... and so much tears are falling down my face... so I just wanted her to know that she will always live in my heart and she was everything for me ... why she? she was the best it would been bether if i was in her place now, not she.. R.I.P. Izi  *heart broken*
aww my goodness, i'm so sorry.  if u need someone to talk to, i'm here. and it's not pathetic that u write about this, it's serious. I understand that u are in pain and this is most likely eating u up. even more so for her parents, I know this is tearing them apart.
sorry 2 hear dat
i am so sorry. i cant even begin to imagine how you must feel, but i am also here for you if you need to talk
i am so sorry. i cant even begin to imagine how you must feel, but i am also here for you if you need to talkthanks for the support guys.. it really means a lot
I'm sorry for your loss. I try to imagine how that feels but.. I dont know. Im truly sorry
Hello All!
I have been a smoker for the last 15 yrs. I am interseted in knowing how much my risk of getting a life threatning disease has increased due to my habit. Uptill now I dont have any symptoms as such but should I go in for an examination.

I want to quit smoking. After how much time would I safely be able to say that this habit of mine has caused no permanent damage.
Well you could always use the patch or chew A LOT of gum whenever you have the urge
Or use those new fake ciggarettes that use artificial smoke (something like that)
smoking has permanent effects, but to break a habit u truly must want to quit
Robotluvv thier called blue tip but it still has nicotine in it so you still "smoking"
The OP was never here for what they are writing about.  All they did is join, post this and add a bunch of links which I removed.  Don't bother with this thread since it's just another spammer.
These couple of girls in my gym class were going to confront my friend about being bi which is weird cuz they knew i was bi too but were only givin me dirty looks and wouldnt confront me about it they kept giving her dirty looks too and i could tell she was about to cry The girls that didnt care about her or me bein bi told her not to worry about it & that they would cover for us while i took her to next class & after gym they did exactly that. But my friend started to cry so much that i could see her mascara dripping down (shes not an emo bt she listens to rock and has the style of a prep) so me and two girls from the group decided to take her to the counselors where we told everything. But right after the girls that were picking on my friend kept callin me and the group of girls snitches I decided that i should tell right away before it got out of hand & ends up hurting herself & if its one thing i learned from my friends suicide it would be that but im starting to wonder was it the right thing to do???
absolutely
Agreed. Kudos to you, girl!
Agree (:
do u think smoking weed is a bad thing? all my friends (but one who i do it with) think it is an awful thing but i makes me feel good xx
I've been smoking since I was 11. Everyone in my house except for my brother does too. I've tried to stop but every time I do I can't eat. My friends yell at me and say "You can't do that. I'll hurt you if I find out you smoked again." They do the exact same thing.
Kii if i had to guess u hav a psychological addication to weed not good,
i personally hav never taken an illegal drug(and yes weed is consered a drug),
i think putting any harmful substunce in ur body is descrating ur inner temple is wrong but ive heard its fun, its harmful to ur body becuase it kills ur brain cells, and once one of ur brain cells have been killed they cant be replaced
yeah but it still make u feel good , and we all gonna die at some point so it doesnt matter if its by weed or what at least weed makes u feel good snd fun and happy xx
truly it mattes not on how we die, but in the end i still dont agree with smoking any harmful substance, and doing methaphtamine, and crank, make u feel good too would u do thoughs?
I understand to you it may feel good but you have to realize you feel good for a little bit but after  you feel bad your going to want that good feeling back and that's where the addiction happens i can tell you from experience(acohol abuse)
I've done weed before but i don't do it alot. Truth is though, its less harmful than cigarettes
i have smoked b4. but i quit.. i started wasting all my money, not spending my time as needed, and so forth... but i thnk even though it can b totally fun.. and it is bad its not worth all the consequences... my fiance almost got took away frm me for a year..and dats wen we decided to quit.. cuz i cldnt stand bn witout him and nothng was worth losing him..so i say weed is bad..and ends up hurtn u neway
It's better then what I used to do. Smoking was the only thing that kept me from running away. Every time I tried my older brother would sit down with a bowl or a joint and we'd talk. By the end of it I always stayed. I never get the happy feeling. It's just what I do.
do u think smoking weed is a bad thing? all my friends (but one who i do it with) think it is an awful thing but i makes me feel good xx i dont smoke....but my bofriend does..i think it's stupid...but, i guess i dont really have a problem with it.
my ex boyfriend back in 3rd greade (hey, i was pretty werid back then 2) now smokes weed and drinks whiskey. i dont really talk 2 him or see him any more cuz we go 2 different skoolz, but i think it really stupid 2 do somethin just for the rush. my uncle did marajuna and iawaska and i think he went 2 jail
... weed is probably one of the least harmful things to be doing. it is still harmful, but it's alot better than the kind of things i used to do. i mean even just cigarettes are more harmful then weed and those are legal, but since it is a natural drug it doesnt have the chemicals and unnatural components that make so many other drugs so harmful to our systems. if you take any sort of smoke into your system it will have effects on your lungs tho. but if you want my imput i dont think weed is too bad at all.
still i dont think weed is something u should do like, every day. ive never done weed in my life, never plane 2 and i never want 2. it killz ur braincells and honestly, i want those xtra brain cellz so i can get into Peabody music skool in DC so i become the insanely good professional musician i wanna b.
weed is not somthing anyone should do ever
Yeah it might make you feel good but its not good
I never smoked weed and i never will 
theres no way in hell im gonna smoke that shit
my lungs are already destroyed from second hand smoking im not going to worsen them with weed
WOAH! you smoked! i didnt know that lol
no second hand i.... i inhaled my mothers, she smoked before i was born, it ruined my lungs at age 6
[align=justify]
aww im so sorry [/align]
... is alright, but this is why im an adament enemy of drugs, alchohol, and cigarettes
I will never try drugs or alcohol.... maybe cigarettes.... just to tryyy it
dont smoke the dope hun! it ruins lives even if you think it doesnt and everyone around you says "its okay,it fine for you" , its not!
shut the fuck up chloe!! smoke dope kid!!! SMOKE THE WEED!!!!!!!!!!
dont smoke the dope hun! it ruins lives even if you think it doesnt and everyone around you says "its okay,it fine for you" , its not!I've been smoking for years and I live a perfectly normal life. Also, you need proof that it "ruins lives" and its not fine for me, so post a link to valid information that shows its bad to smoke, please. yo stupid religion dude!leave my sis alone okay??, smoke all you want cause i do  but dont talk to her!!!
dont smoke the dope hun! it ruins lives even if you think it doesnt and everyone around you says "its okay,it fine for you" , its not!I've been smoking for years and I live a perfectly normal life. Also, you need proof that it "ruins lives" and its not fine for me, so post a link to valid information that shows its bad to smoke, please. yo stupid religion dude!leave my sis alone okay??, smoke all you want cause i do  but dont talk to her!!! LOL forum dramaS'cuse me drama queen.Also, I don't have a religion. Derp.oh so now your so cool cause you dont have a religion? and thanks your too kind, i will have a pink pony with that one
^ Seriously man, grow up and stop derailing the threadYou are a failed troll and fail troll has failed.fuck!dont call me a troll i just apologiezed in the other  threat man!!
^ Seriously man, grow up and stop derailing the threadYou are a failed troll and fail troll has failed.fuck!dont call me a troll i just apologiezed in the other  threat man!!And I didn't see it until now. right
dont smoke the dope hun! it ruins lives even if you think it doesnt and everyone around you says "its okay,it fine for you" , its not!I've been smoking for years and I live a perfectly normal life. Also, you need proof that it "ruins lives" and its not fine for me, so post a link to valid information that shows its bad to smoke, please. EDIT:shut the fuck up chloe!! smoke dope kid!!! SMOKE THE WEED!!!!!!!!!!congratulations hun for that.and no,i dont have to show you anything you dont even have to listen to me,smoke all you want like jason said (and thanks jason,but i got this)

no,i dont have to show you anythingIf you make a statement its imperative that you provide the backbone for it (evidence) otherwise, it makes you look like a fool. Keep that in mind. You are right, I don't have to listen to you. But when you make statements like your previous when, anyone is open to interrogate you about it. This is a forum, after all.  no, in no way do i look like a fool because its my opinion, douch bags making a big deal out of things look like fools.Keep that in mind.After all, thats what forums are for hun
wow, people put their opinion out there and there get bitched out, going around calling everyone a troll doesnt make a person sound fun or amusing. dont listen to people like that hun, do what you think is right smoke , dont smoke, its your life and you are entitled to do what you want to do and say what you wan to say, enough said (and okay, im the troll??)
well hun! thats the thing bout forums, you can never really tell how a person means a thing,i wasnt mad or trolling, just typing away eating mango gelato  and nah, just ignore my bro,he doesnt mean what he says half the time, its possible that he is stoned at the moment.
man this thread makes me laugh any who, inhaling any smoke into ur lungs causes damage i dont need a link to prove that, second legalizing weed would be as effective for quick cash as expecting gold to drop out of the air mainly because the main dealers r criminals
about once evry week...
yes but would u by from the government who would regulate tax, possibly hav a higher price or go through the same source who would now be cometing and more than likely drop the price
listen the government will try and rty to control but hey cant control weed anymore than they can murder
Weed isnt bad. Its used for medical purposes isnt it? its only bad if the user is stupid with it. me and all my friends smoke and nothing bad ever happens. alot of fun happens tho  i live in the city known as having the highest percentage of people who smoke in the us tho, haha.
I've never fitted in, not properly. I have friends, but i cant talk to them about how i feel sometimes. school sucks and people are di*ks. At my age the insults shouldnt bother me, but no matter how much you shrug them off, they get to you. They hurt. Im shy, not the prettiest and can be quite reserved, and sick of getting pushed around and being a door matt. I cant be myself, i cant dress differently, how i want to. I cant show what im feeling or thinking. We're living in a robot world, everbody aspires to be like they peers, nobody steps out, popularity is so high on the agenda to them, nothing else matters, as long as they're happy and feel good about themself, it doesnt matter how they make other people feel to get there. I'm not on my own, i don't think that for a moment, but nobody wants to admitt it.....can you?!
Aww Hun, I've been there done that :/ -hugs-
Aww agree with Sam we all have felt alone one point in our lives if you ever just want someone to listen or just give you advice message me hun .
From the time I wake up to the time I go to sleep I am miserable. I have never fit in with my classmates. I constantly am getting called names and am severly depressed and tried to run away from home. I learned that no one understands me but others like you. so hang in there buddy *hug* and always try to keep a positive mind
i feel you... i also cant fit in my class very well,I am an emotional person and its hard sometimes beeing in a class full of haters, wanna be gangsters, sluts... damn it
alone? you dont know the meaning
There's different kinds of alone and different intensitys dude. Don't take out your hurt on her loneliness :/ You know I'm here if you ever need to talk.

@ the others, It's ok guys, just talk on here :-) Become comfortable with yourself and you'll make friends
Austin was the only person who stood up for me. He protected me ever since I was in 6th grade. I miss him so much. On September 9th 2010 he and one of his friends Christian got into a car accident and died. About an hour before I had cut myself and he found out. We got into an argument. I told him I didn't need him. I went through his sweat shirt yesterday. I had it on at the game. I didn't notice he had put a note in it for me. I just got the courage to read it and It was like he knew he was gonna died cause it said "I'm so happy we met. Even if it wasn't in the greatest of moments. I can remember all the weird things we did. I'm gonna miss you (Even if we're gonna see each other on Monday). " I didn't cry. Instead I smiled I got his true last words.
then rejoice for in despair u hav found ur salvation and u now should liv as he might want u too in peace
....keep him in your heart kii.dont forget him ever....
thats so sad... R.I.P AUSTIN!!!!!!!!
live like the way he wants you to live. be strong =))
r.i.p. Austin, he sounds like a great guy, and just like Skate_screamo! said, keep him in your heart
OMG! i am so sorry :,( 
*hugs*
so hey my name is hilena and i go to an all girls school full of preps who wear bright pink. I am the only emo in my school (sad huh?) i asked my parents if i could go to another school but no luck! So basically i have no friends, people ask me if i cut myself, if i am depressed, and if i counseling and a bunch of crap like that. I am also Ethiopian and because of that my classmates think that i am like a wanna be white emo or something. And i have been single all of my life and attracted to emo boys and skaters and i dont meet any guys unless i go to concerts.

help!

Love, Hilena (Lena)
That's horrible, I'm sorry.... Well I know a kid who goes to an all girls school and she says that they have dances with the all boys school? I dunno if yours does that though
yeah well we do have dances but all the guys are preps and most dont like emo girls, and i like emo or skaters
i go to a school fulla gangsters and preps. they dont get emos. all they think of us is crazy depressed people who need to be locked up. but im sure that even if ur the only emo, there are some nice girls there. if not, think of it this way. only four more years till yur out!
yeah well we do have dances but all the guys are preps and most dont like emo girls, and i like emo or skaters Bluhhhh.
That sounds like me  I'm sorry to hear that, that's happening to you too
yeah, life sucks...
I'm not bullied at all because I don't dress in black or wear dark makeup (I don't even wear make up at all). But I do listen to rock bands, I don't wear PINK, I write stories and poems. I feel like people just label people "emo" by the way they dress. I'm mean really!!!!! People think I'm a little weird and think I listen to fucking girly pop. And when I try to put it out there that I like Flyleaf, Hollywood Undead, Skillet, etc. it's like people don't believe me! I'm sick of stereotypes! And I don't even fit into one!!!
Im allways stereotyped as a "nerd" cuz im shy and stuff so when ppl meet me for the first time its like their surprised T.T ,  i feel your pain...
dont listen to whatever this plastic society labels u! emo,goth, or whatever are all just a bunch of mainstream sellouts!
Stereotypes will always exist sadly.
It's how some people get a grasp of a reality that they understand.
I always say to accept the person for who they are and to not label them, but sadly that will never happen.
There will always be that one person thats gonna decide to call that girl a prep, or that guy a jock, or even something as simple as a nerd. 
I'll admit I call my friends nerds and geeks and all, but its different from when your talking to someone you just met.
Someone you don't know a damn thing about.
But my point is, stereotypes will never cease, no matter how hard people try.
^ thats sadly true..
btw Skillet is fuckng awesome...
Relationships are made of two people. Two. In my mind and many others thats how it is supposed to be. Now if you were to bring three into this equation eventually you would be just one. And if someone out there is reading this and can prove me wrong, that congratu-fucking-lations to you! No matter the age, the color of your skin, or what ever country you live in. There is two people in a relationship. 

What do you do or rather feel in this setting? Your supposed to feel passion, lust, interest, like-ness, close, and somewhere down the line you love. Now I'm sure you feel more then the feelings I have given you. But those are just examples. Is it possible to have a relationship without feelings? In a way. But I bet you anything, that you aren't happy like that. Truly happy. 

How old will I be when I find that one for me? Its a common enough question. Which no one truly knows the answer too. Its just, when the day comes, the day comes. Simple. Even though the waiting is always the most drawn out and you usually get hurt along the way. I bet its damn well worth it!

Relationships. Confusing, hurtful, happy, touching things. 
I think I'll never truly understand them.
noone will we can only try and enjoy them
Exactly..
yep  hmmm wats ur name i dont think iknow u that well?????
Michelle, but please call me Micky(:
I'm sort of new on here, haha. 
Whats your name?
The name is Shane, piacere Signora
I'm sorry but whats that last part?
it means its a pleasure miss in italian
Ohh thats neat(: 
You know Italian?
Very impressive. 
I used to take french but I had to get out of that class, but I'll be taking it again next year
I like your outlook on relationships Micky.
Very nice (:
Thank you Zaky.
And ForWhomTheBellTolls.... 
  Yes that is true. But my opinion still stands, and I don't understand how someone can be happy with more then one person at a time. Knowing that the other is doing the same thing.
By the way paligomy (marriage between more then 2 people) is illigal in most US states for a reason.
That is my opinion but you are free to live your life how you wish.
Heya Micky, Havn't met you before  I'm sam and that was a beautiful post :-)
now that is the truth!
By the way paligomy (marriage between more then 2 people) is illigal in most US states for a reason.And what reason would that be? I don't believe there's anything detrimental to society if two or more consenting adults want to have a relationship together.
Okay Bells
Thank you Sam(: Hah
I'm kinda new to this here forum so you'll have to excuse me if I ain't exactly fittin' in right away with this here little community you got here, but first things first I'd like to start off by sayin' that I disagree with this little assessment here, if ya will. My 14 wives and I are perfectly happy with each other, thank you very much. We're all gettin' along just fine and no one feels left out. There's plenty of Bucey to go around for all of them.
The law is old and based off of the Bible. The seventh commandment is(Thou shall not commit adultery). So in turn you are breaking the law and commiting a sin. That is what i belive and as i said before you are free to do as you choose.
The law is old and based off of the Bible. The seventh commandment is(Thou shall not commit adultery). So in turn you are breaking the law and commiting a sin. That is what i belive and as i said before you are free to do as you choose.This country is not a Christian country. Never was (for as long as it's been the U.S., anyway). Many of the founding fathers were deists and agnostics. Thomas Jefferson himself wrote letters and such in favor of the separation of church and state. The Treaty of Tripoli, which was unanimously ratified, states in Article 11 that "the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion." Due to the First Amendment, laws that favor one religion over the other are unconstitutional and illegal. Btw, you still have not explained why we have the law. So now that that's out of the way, not everyone in this country (or the world, I just realized I don't know where you are) holds the same beliefs as you do. I, myself, am an atheist and do not believe in sin, so that isn't a valid argument in my opinion. Unless it can be shown that polyamorous relationships are detrimental to society, I cannot believe that they are wrong and will support any effort to have them legalized. Also, define "adultery." Is it cheating? Polyamorous relationships aren't cheating if all consent. And I believe there were a few important biblical characters that had concubines, if I remember correctly. Why was is okay for them to be in polyamorous relationships then but not now?
First of i don't didn't want a debate but now i do. I could care less about the law i was stating the truth.I live in the US by the way. Also since this is a debate how do you belive the univers was created.
First of i don't didn't want a debate but now i do. I could care less about the law i was stating the truth.I live in the US by the way. Also since this is a debate how do you belive the univers was created."The truth" is a subjective term. To you, Christianity is the truth. To me, it's a big lie. I trust science in the matter of how the universe was created. The big bang. I've just realized I need to read up on science more because I can't remember any details. XD But science supports it's conclusions though research and experimentation. You cannot prove god.
First off i wasn't stating christanity as truth i was talking about the law. also i see this heading in a direction that would only resoult in me getting banned agian.
PS. there is no way to prove there is a god true, But there is no way to prove there isn't. The same goes for the Bigbang
First off i wasn't stating christanity as truth i was talking about the law. also i see this heading in a direction that would only resoult in me getting banned agian.PS. there is no way to prove there is a god true, But there is no way to prove there isn't. The same goes for the BigbangI don't have to prove that he doesn't exist. Since you are making the positive claim, the burden of proof is on you. Since you can't prove that he exists, there is no reason for me to believe in him. But let's get back to the topic. I don't want either of us to get banned.
Never said you did Scribe banned me for a debate i was 100% right on and i kept pestering my point.
Also i don't care what you belive that is your choose not mine.
This is my last post for this thread.
I bid you a good day.
Never said you did Scribe banned me for a debate i was 100% right on and i kept pestering my point.Also i don't care what you belive that is your choose not mine.This is my last post for this thread.I bid you a good day.Never said I what? If you mean the banning thing, I never said that you said I wanted someone banned. Or something. I can't word that right. Fair enough.
FTR, there's at least 20 other theories of the universe based on verifiable and scientific data, the one with the most support is the one that evolved from newtonion physics because it sorta makes sense and at the end of the day makes no real difference. But the big bang is just a debateable as god. Just sayin


(also, I happen to believe in the big bang but my point is that science is falliable, as well as religion)
Go Borderlineemoteen!
This is the worst day of my life. I went to my cousin's house cuz i hadnt seen him in a while. his sister's boyfriend was there. His sister left Me alone with both of them and they both decided to rape me. they let me go and i called the police and after that i told everyone and thy're gone now, but im still so damn scared i dont know why im not dead yet. I feel like they ended my life i cant believe that the only person in the world that I still had and loved SSSSSOOOO much broke me that way. I want to just die now. I nearly jumped off the balcony a little while ago in attempt to kill myself, but a part of me still wants my life. I'm scared of what's gonna happen tomorrow. I want my life back so bad.
im so srry thats horrble, but dont giv up life, pm me and ill talk to u
dont worrie they were just creeps and u will be safe but carry a knife of something around with you and i suggest staying with one of ur friends or family
aww, im so sorry hunni, i know wat that feeling is like...i was raped by my moms ex bf wen i was 10
and if this helps they just thought you were so damn hot and sexy that they thought they couldnt get u that the only way they could get you is by force
u frickin retard how does that help!!!!
im sorry that happened to you if u want to talk im here
and if this helps they just thought you were so damn hot and sexy that they thought they couldnt get u that the only way they could get you is by forcewtf!!! seriously that doesnt help in the slightest bit it doesnt change the fact that she was hurt,why in the fucking hell would you say something like that!!!!!!
well i was trying to complement her and give her some reassureance that they are creeps and that they just thought you were extreamly beatiful and they were thinking the truth now think if i was saying that to you would that not give u happiness butterflies or something happy that you are sexy and extreamly hot huh cause i know i  would
exactly
your a moron 
not you alex
oh no one need ur negitivity right now lacey i am cheering up a person who really needs this and could use some comfort
moi? negative? hehe
u dont get it ok i have differnt ways of cheering up people and i said if it helps assholes  duh read before u complain and you know what it so stupid i cant comfort a person without needing to be comforted by other people because of fucken bullys
im not a bully but seriously you dont tell people in that situation stuff like that.
thats not cheering her up u idiot its bring up  a very BAD moment!!!
wat u said makes it seem like what they did was something of good intentions
well ya know what its not like there r other ways just trying to original and comfort and ya know what i dont have alot of experince of comforting people cause i never got comforted for anything not my dogs dying not me moving away from friends that understood me and the repeting the process i didnt choose my life and i dont want my life but ya know what it would make tings alot easyier if you didnt fucken critize me when i am at least trying to help ok
@vladimir:  such a dipstick....gah and u wonder why you annoy me.
well ya know what its not like there r other ways just trying to original and comfort and ya know what i dont have alot of experince of comforting people cause i never got comforted for anything not my dogs dying not me moving away from friends that understood me and the repeting the process i didnt choose my life and i dont want my life but ya know what it would make tings alot easyier if you didnt fucken critize me when i am at least trying to help okthat shit happens to everyone stop complaining
.....ur right im srry, im getting to wrked up u were trying to help, but ther is a betterway to help
damn i really am mean :0 soooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrryyyyyyyyyyy
well not as horrible as me
thnx guys for trying to help me. i didnt think anyone wz online
well im sorry but i really dont know how and i didnt mean to put it up as they did it as good intensions but as they wanted you but make the wronge moves to you and they will pay and i want to help but i am not good at helping or comforting people and that dog that died wasnt just a dog he was my brother and my best friend and he protected me no matter what he stayed up all night next to my cribb and bed awake protecting me and he never once showed agression
well not as horrible as meno what i said was really mean im seriously sorrry
(speechless)ive run out of words to help pple
god damn we all need tharapists so bad
too many people say i should be a therapists
well then help mr.punk can u help me
its true your so helpful and wisdomish O.o
u guys, id be happy to help
i'm trying to get my head back and i think i'll be ok
well thats good and just relax and may i suggest some chocolate and download the app whitnoise if u have an itouch or iphone
I worry for you. I'll fuck him up if I ever see him. I got your back.
its true your so helpful and wisdomish O.oWISDOMISH!!!!! ARE YOU FUCKING RETARDED!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?WTF?ROTFLMFAO!!!!!!
what?
lmfao.... ur weird.....
indeed
im very well aware...lol
PSST!!

me tew....
lol
i think i gave u a +1 for being weird lmfao

^.\\\
lol awesome
stop this bickering.

cloud, they will likely be caught since you called the police and karma is a bitch, they are gonna be raped in prison - alot, by dudes.
AHHAHAHAAAAA!! scribe.... this is y i lubs you..(in a NON homo way)
It wasn't worth this.
well shit... if he hurt you.. dont take up fr him.... he did something bad hun. hes a bad person... he probly needs to go thru hell.... that may.... i guess you can say "fix" him... 






help.... it would help him... thats the word i was lookin for...
yeah, i know he needs some help. It's not that i want to take up for him. It's that for the past year and a half he was the only person i could REALLY talk to and hang with. I loved that asshole. I just can't believe he did something so stupid and worthless. Now both of us are paying a big price for it. It just goes to show that u can never gaurantee trust with anyone, u never know wat they're thinking or feeling inside about u.
im glad u share no true animosity towards ur cousin ur right though wat he did was horrbly wrong, and he gets wats coming to him,
ok one i read throught this thread and i thought maybe he was threatened or something cause his sises bf could have thought that if he saw it he would tell so he couldve threatened him
i doubt that, wat i think is peer pressure
well technically that is a threat or something casue thechnically it is a threat 

doing something you dont want to do
No, i don't think he was threatened, he was the one that threatened me first. His sis's bf didnt jump in till he realized wat he was doing.
oh well in that case he needs help and i wouldnt comfort him but maybe he just needs some help and go to the mental hospital for awhile and maybe when he is better release some of the stress by at least giving him a hug like a kinda almost frfiend hug but not a boyfriend hug and just in case get an std test to be safe
i don't know where he is, and if i ever run into him again i don't think I'll even be able to stand looking at him. I do hope he gets better though.
well the whole damn thing is pretty damn screwed up
i said after he gets better not now tho hell no that would be unhuman
i couldn't imagine that now
you shouldnt
ahhhhhhhhhh yes i finally remembers how i found emopuddle i was looking for emopictures on google and i stoped at the p and i found emopuddle
I am deeply sorry for what happened to you you should try to stay away from them if thats not possible carry something that looks dangreous like a knife or anything to scare them off if it does not work try running to a neighbor or where theres people for witnesses or help agian I am deeply sorry [/i] ~Blessed Be
Don't be sorry, and thank you.
That's an awful thing to do to a person. Plus, you don't diserve that! That was smart of you to call the police. Most people, when scared, wouldn't call the cops, let alone tell anyone. You're a smart and kind person, don't try to end your life. I've tried a few times to end my life for different reasons, too. But I don't do that anymore. I realize now that I truly want my life. I've never been in your situation, so I can't fully understand how you must feel, but I'll try my best . And there're others who've been in situations like that that would most likly understand you better and who also may be better to share with because of that-stronger bond . I'm not saying don't share with us. I think you know what I'm trying to say . . . He he, well I hope everything gets better for you, also that that never happens again 
One of my friends when through shit like that as a kid. The creep would always say, " Oh gosh you are so beautiful. Your body is amazing, I love it. I want you." So yeah. Saying stuff like you are too beautiful or pretty actually makes the person feel like it was there fault.  And even I have had something like this happen to me. So don't always think saying "nice'' things like that will make them feel better..because it can bring back the memories.
exactly.
aaaaaaawww! if u ever need 2 talk just pm me ok?
if i lived in your town i could be your bodyguard.. well Im not the strongest but its better than nothing =) wish all the best
My family whom I haven't seen in about 15 years is coming next weekend.
They didn't even call.
They just told my bro on FB.
And they might stay here.

D=

This is going to be the most awkward moment of my life.
Even more awkward than the time my pants fell down in front of this boy in driver's ed.

I have nothing to say to them. WTF am I going to say? ;___;
I'm fat and failing my classes. What are they gonna think of that? What if I cry?

Holy shit.

OMFALKDJLAKJSFLJGOD WHAT IF MY DAD'S WITH THEM?????? 

I am not ready for this.
Just act cool. It doesn't matter if you're fat or you're failling your classes. If everything doesn't go well, just escape to your room or go and stay with a friend. If they stay... well... I don't know if I can give advice for that...
a family loves u for u, not for ur classes or ur weight if they dont accept u than they are not ur family
Well I know that this is quite a common theme for a girl to use and I don't think mine to be anymore special than the next girl, but I have a problem. There is this guy that I like and even though we don't talk as much as we used to, we are still good friends. Everytime I talk to him, all I want to do is hold his hands and be close, but he doesn't go for a girl like me. People say that we look good together and all that shit, but what matters is that I know that he doesn't like me in that way. What I have been doing is talking to a random stranger on aim, and I know that its a bad idea, and I feel remorse coming on in trickles. It worked for a couple days, but today I accidentally bumped into him on the way to class this morning, and I didn't even notice him, and I panicked. Instead of the usual sorry, oh hi, are you okay thing I started laughing awkwardly and walked away as fast as possible. When I turned the corner, I smacked my head and was like wtf Vanessa how stupid can you get? Then 2 seconds later, that same feeling of just wanting to hold his hand and be close to him came back with a vengeance and now I can't get him off my mind. I don't know what to do, my friends told me to just concentrate on my studies and myself because high school relationships don't last long anyways, you have a better chance in college. I listened to all their advice, and I tried, honestly tried today but it just isn't working. I was wondering what do you think? You can criticize me, put me down or anything you want, I just want advice. Thank You (:
aww! im in the same situation as you dont worry!
but mine is a bit different.
You see i have a boyfriend already but i kinda liked this guy before i went out with my bf. 
He was so cute and sweet but my bf got to me first. 
Now im almost 5 months into my relationship and the feelings are getting stronger with him. 
I like him so much but idk if he likes me to.
I need to get over him so im planning on telling him that i like him just so i can get it off my chest. 
I think maybe you should do the same and tell that guy you like him. Take the chance. You'll never know .. he might just like you. and if he doesn't then yeah it will hurt a lot but you will soon get over it. 
Ill help you through it
aww! im in the same situation as you dont worry!but mine is a bit different.You see i have a boyfriend already but i kinda liked this guy before i went out with my bf. He was so cute and sweet but my bf got to me first. Now im almost 5 months into my relationship and the feelings are getting stronger with him. I like him so much but idk if he likes me to.I need to get over him so im planning on telling him that i like him just so i can get it off my chest. I think maybe you should do the same and tell that guy you like him. Take the chance. You'll never know .. he might just like you. and if he doesn't then yeah it will hurt a lot but you will soon get over it. Ill help you through it  Oh, thank you soo much!!!!!!!! We can get through this together (:
yay!!! 
*hugs*
Like she said, I think you need hugs... Pm me anytime yeah? and just... I dno :/
Awwhhh Thank You guys soo muchh  

*hugs* everyone
your welcome!!
*hugs back*
Well, I made an account here. and no one will talk to me... just like on everyother site i get on. I feel like nobody likes me
hey hey none of dat, dnt wrry pple will start payin attention. i felt like dat 2 wen i 1st made my account but turns out dere r alot of kool pple
Don't worry. I felt like that when I first made my account. I thought it would be like school, everyone would take one look at me and hate me. And then I started talking to some really awesome people and now I love the puddle!  If you wanna talk, feel free to PM me
i felt like that too but i started posting in threads and starting talking to kool people

just post in threads and talk to people and people will start to notice you
It's...the interwebs. :L

Why don't you go OUT and make friends?
Is it hard for anyone else to make friends in the "real world"?
kinda
yes. now that ive finished college and i dont work... im not really around other people much.
yea im not exactly a pple person and im knda not used 2 meetin new pple since im a small town girl
i wouldnt know, i am not of your species
den wut r u????
i have a confession to make..
i'm not actually the person in this picture for i am...
a sloth!
What's your confession?

You're a...sloth? It's times like this I kinda wish I paid attention in science when we studied animals...
lol, yes it is true, i am a sloth...(it is my spirit animal btw)
What's a spirit animal?
Google it.
Seriously, what would we do without google?
be genderless and unintellegent jelly beans.
If it weren't for google, I would never turn in any of my assignments   And I wouldn't know how to spell
k.
lol
Google is incredible!
yeah, its better than the yahoo search engine XD
i want a pet monkey ^-^
Nooo! There was a story on the news about a chick who had a pet monkey and the monkey RIPPED HER BEST FRIENDS FACE OFF AND ATE IT!
that was a chimpanzeee..i want a monkey
ewwwwww
Ooh...There's a difference between a monkey and a chimpanzee?
...duh
[shafted/]
haha i thought they were pretty much the same too XD
Haha. Now I need to find the difference between the two...
let me know when you do... cause i still think they are the same haha
Hahaha. If it weren't for Alex, I'd think they were the same.
:]
Thank you for being an educator.
np.

jock rhymes with cock
Oh my gosh, it does!
pwhahaha. i left for one day and i seen what happened to my thread then loudly LAUGHED OUT LOUD
We of the puddle tend to be ever so slightly random

^^ Just look at her screen name. That pretty much explains things
XD

i'm more random..

dont worry. ppl here will talk to u. give it time.
hiiii! I'll talk to you :3 
I felt like that at first..but all you have to do is start the convo
I have this friend, and I got into a huge fight with her yesterday because she was bullying my best friend. She had it coming for a while, constantly spreading rumors and making me and my other friends look like whores when we're not.

Anyways, after our fight, she told me that she would make my life a living hell, but I'm not afraid of anymore. Not her not anyone. She blocked me on facebook, turned a bunch of people against me and my other friend, making up texts that she claimed were from me and showing them to her boyfriend and even went as far as calling us on restricted numbers and making death threats with her boyfriend. 

She had her boyfriend tell me that he would burn me alive cuz I'm a "n****r bitch", and he would make me "pay" for what I had done. He told my other friend that he would kill her and eat her, and he told my friends that he would kill them all. 

We told the police, but they couldn't do anything because the calls were on a restricted number and if we didn't feel threatened they couldn't do anything about it. But those were death threats right?

So the cops would have to get involved.... am I right??? 

We're going to the school's office tomorrow, but we don't know if there's much that the school can do...
Just ignore them their being dumb a**es they'll get over it sooner or l8er
he siad he would eat her? thats disturbing wat he's canable?
just think about it this way their acting lik lil 5 year olds making a moutain outta a mole hill they need 2 pull their heads outta ther a**es 
but yea those would be death threats and the cops should be able 2 get involved
the most the skool can do is expell (or however u spell it) them but i doubt it cause they have no proof of it being them
Just ignore them their being dumb a**es they'll get over it sooner or l8erhe siad he would eat her? thats disturbing wat he's canable?just think about it this way their acting lik lil 5 year olds making a moutain outta a mole hill they need 2 pull their heads outta ther a**es but yea those would be death threats and the cops should be able 2 get involvedthe most the skool can do is expell (or however u spell it) them but i doubt it cause they have no proof of it being themThey won't get over it, my town is addicted to drama. Well...he has dreams about killing people and eating them, so he might be a closet cannibal xDThey're heads are too far in their asses to be pulled out
O.O wth??
Eat her? 
I agree that the school cant do anything since it ddnt happen in school and you have no exact proof it was them .
Whoa... bad times .. and closet canible? sounds fairly out tbh  
Just explain it all to teh school and they'l at least interview the others and maybe one will confess?
Just ignore them their being dumb a**es they'll get over it sooner or l8erhe siad he would eat her? thats disturbing wat he's canable?just think about it this way their acting lik lil 5 year olds making a moutain outta a mole hill they need 2 pull their heads outta ther a**es but yea those would be death threats and the cops should be able 2 get involvedthe most the skool can do is expell (or however u spell it) them but i doubt it cause they have no proof of it being themThey won't get over it, my town is addicted to drama. Well...he has dreams about killing people and eating them, so he might be a closet cannibal xDThey're heads are too far in their asses to be pulled outi kno how that is in my skool u can actually taste the drama. and yea their heads probably are 2 far up but maybe they'll suffocate themselves
A thought thats been running through my mind is.....you know how people say they dont ever judge people or dont stick to labels?? Well the truth is we all judge, good or bad. And we all label , even if it may not seem like it we do. Otherwise it would make us all the same and we arent. If we were life would be dull as it already is. How else would we be able to tell a dog from a banana? Or deathcore from screamo?? And by saying im mexican or american we are labeling ourselves. You may not see it this way but if you think about it really hard we label every day. And we judge all the time. We either have something good to say or something bad to say....you may think its different but in the end its all the same. For ex. "shes cool" thats judging too except you had something nice & good to say. Critizing hating....judging isn't just about that. And labeling isnt either. Any thoughts???
You know that is so true and i never really thought of that.
it is said honesty without love is cruelty, but the fact of the mater we judge because its our nature, nothing more nothing less, we judge cause we can, we r imperfect beings in an imperfect world, but our actions effect those around us, just as judging can affect those to whom our being judged, it can also impact those around to see and watch at how well u judge others
well yesterday(a sunday) my dad lik always was beaing a jerk and would not stop slinging insults at me and im a patient person but after 3 yrs
i was starting to get really angry, so he was telling me to shovel all the horse crap telling me if i did it the right way the first time then he wouldnt hav to waste his time in telling me to do it right so i just flung the shovel(angerly) to the ground to shovel, he noticed came in, and shoved me into a wall he then grabbed me by the shirt and and slammed me into the wall and i kicked him into the gut he fell backward and i was not about to start fighting him so i didnt capitalize and punch him till hes bloody and cant move,(lik i normally would do to anyone else) and he then slammed me again and threw me into the other wall he then said i was grounded forever for fighting back and walked out, and im sitting there saying wat the fuck?!
I agree that if it were anyone else you should've kicked some ass.
But I'm glad that you were able to restrain yourself. 
That story is so sad ): Hope things get better!
i know exactly how you feel and your dad had no right to do that i mean he made you angry so technically it's his fault and he should've not grounded you just one silly little thing you should've kicked his lazy old ass and given him a piece of his own medicine.My grandmother does that to me a lot just what your dad did to you....Remain calm it won't be long till you graduate and move out...And dont let anyone ruin your teenage years just like my grandmother,cousins,aunts,uncles everyone did to me...And how come he didnt do it himself??
he talks som shit about needing to teach me to be a man and to be responsible and says ive had 15 yrs to do wat ever i wanted which is bullshit cause cause  the 15 yrs of my life were full of a pain and lonelyness
Beat his ass.
he talks som shit about needing to teach me to be a man and to be responsible and says ive had 15 yrs to do wat ever i wanted which is bullshit cause cause  the 15 yrs of my life were full of a pain and lonelyness well you ARE a man. cuz you had the strength to restrain yourself from beating the bullshit out of him.also a real man wouldn't have acted the way he did with you so why is he telling you to man up when its him that should step up.by the way...you're not alone.....not anymore at least.hope that made you feel a little better.
I agree fighting back isnt the answer i hope things get get better hunni xx
your an amazing person with a bright future ahead of you and your dad would have to be blind not to see how much of a man his own son is and i'm truly saying it from the bottom of my heart.
everyone says that he's awesome cause he restained himself? well if it was my father i would beat the crap outta him, he deserves it soo.
and why is that?
cause he's an idiot -.-''
thats why i dont fight back. id get my ass kicked. big time.
its your dad hun...dont fight back.... you are lucky to have him with you
It sounds like he woulda deserved it.

However, not fighting back proves that you're more of a man than he is.

Life will get better eventually. Don't worry too much.
i went to the psych doctor today because i go to see a therpist every now and then because of personal problems.. Anyways i got diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. it's weird because i don't feel like i'm a crazy person, but imma have to take anti-psychotics now. it's helpful though because that explains ALOT of my problems. i mean ALOT of them. it explains why i get hurt over rejection so easily, why i'm afraid of loosing people, why i get so randomly pissed off sometimes. it just explains exactly why i am the way i am. and the medication is supposed to help mellow all of it out, i really hope it works how it's supposed to, gosh it's just weird tho.
well. was that alot to take in, i mean because i think it would be for me anyways.. but atleast you got some helpful info about whats been going on.. and i hope everything goes okay with the new meds. if u need anything you can pm me
yeah its been rough, and thank you :] i'm glad to know i have someone to talk to if i need it
thats good you found an answer hun  i can relate to that a bit.pm if you ever need to talk:)
thank you hun yer sweet :] and i will definately pm you if i need anything
and i will be here hun:)
thank you :]
today is the one yearanniversary of my cousin Michelles death. she was my idol and i miss her mpre than words can describe.
today is the one yearanniversary of my cousin Michelles death. she was my idol and i miss her mpre than words can describe.I'm sorry. May courage be with you....I'll pray for her tonight :3
May she rest in peace
I used to live w/ my mom, now i live w/ my grandparents, but not much longer. My family is taking me out of school, and putting me w/ "kids like me". I'm not going to live w/ family anymore, i probably won't see my friends again. Friday will probably be my last day of school, i might get to keep in touch w/ friends and one of my teachers. That depends on if i have access to a computer. 
the world may swallow u in darkness, but its hope that will bring on the light
oh im so sorry
who is 'people like you'?
being alone is only there to make you stronger. what may seem like a terrible thing now, may turn out to be somthing that will help?....i doubt they would send you away unless they thought it was best for you...
adapting to new situations is always hard, but to be freely open, may get returned as opened arms
):Aww hun I'm so sorry. If you ever want to chat or need Any help im here  Luke everyone said being alone will make you stronger
It's hard for me to keep my emotions under control. 

I spent my entire freshman year last year either caught up in drama or causing it. This went on for the whole year, to the point where I would begin to manipulate my friends. 

Maybe it's because I'm bipolar, I don't know...

I can't even keep a stable relationship with my friends. We always fight, and I tend to violently overact. I even got the cops called on me one time. My relationship with my family is worse. I used to cut, for 2 year, but stopped when my mom told me that she'd send me to a mental hospital. 

Not one day passes where I don't think about cutting.

But lately I've been numb. I can't cry, and when I do, it's not crying, it's a feeling of having a lump in my throat and dry sobbing sobbing, no tears. Just dryness. 

Should I get help? I'm scared to go to my parents, because they refuse to take me to therapy, and they refuse to acknowledge that I'm bipolar even though my psychiatrist prescribed me medication.
listen all the drama during ur freshman year it happens to evryone, and bipolar is mood swings, u might hav it i dont know, but i can only assume u dont, nooone can truly control there emotions
listen all the drama during ur freshman year it happens to evryone, and bipolar is mood swings, u might hav it i dont know, but i can only assume u dont, nooone can truly control there emotionsNo I'm actually bipolar. I'm on meds for it.
ahh i see, well i feel lik a moron
Your moron-ness is forgiven
Heya, 

A friend of mine went through something similar and I don't really know what to say.. But if you ever need a friend Im here for you :-) 
If you can't go thru ur parents, have you tried going through your school? Or even a local church?
God parents that wont take there child to thearpy what id this?????? i have the same problem i cant controol my emotions ever. i would sugest talking to a school conusalr cuz i think that is as close as you can get to thearohy witout ur parebst finding out
So I'm not the only here that's Bipolar?

Do you have your meds?
So I'm not the only here that's Bipolar?Do you have your meds?I have meds, but they ran out and I'm not allowed to get a refill cuz my parents don't believe in altering my mood by using medication. ...
God parents that wont take there child to thearpy what id this?????? i have the same problem i cant controol my emotions ever. i would sugest talking to a school conusalr cuz i think that is as close as you can get to thearohy witout ur parebst finding outMy school consulor will then call my house, tell my parents and get me in trouble -.-
Heya, A friend of mine went through something similar and I don't really know what to say.. But if you ever need a friend Im here for you :-) If you can't go thru ur parents, have you tried going through your school? Or even a local church? thanks  But my school is stupid and would send me to the school psychiatrist. Only the crazy kids go there. I'm NOT crazy. And the school would call my parents...As for my church, they can't do anything about it without parental consent, and I know that I'm not getting that :x
Hmm :/ That sucks hun :/ 

Over hear parents dnt get to know without your permission so i dno what to sugest
so i do screaming as in screamo but recently i just lost my voice to scream only screaming for some reason
does anyone know how i could get it back?

and another thing my mum said if you listen to screamo again your moving out, i don't know what her problem is so i havent listened to it for about a week now and it's killing me.

any suggestions how i could get my mum to let me listen to screamo?
well, I would yell at my mom for not letting me listen to screamo, but that's a bad idea. Say that you have different music tastes and you like the genere of music and it's killing you to listen to it again. And to get your voice back try eating Ricola throat drops and drink tones of water. That's how I would do it.
okay thanks Rain =)
MY VOICE IS BACK!!!
Your voice will naturally fade out after awhile because it takes a while for it to gain endurence so if it goes again, don't panic and just wait a few days/ 

You tried listening with headphones?
o.k this happens to me all the time dont sing and try to uses your voice as little as posibal DO NOT SCREAM AT ALL UNTILL YOU GET IT BACK  drink hot lemon water and tea they help alot try to stay away from soda or milk .
Thank you all so much =)
yer ill try hot lemon water and tea
I dont know what's wrong with my family
I seriously don't know what i did to to make them hate me so much
but whatever i do its just not good enough at all
I try so hard in school and out of school
i try really hard at my house and i do everything im told
but its still not good enough 
What should i do?
keep your head held high. things will get better.
Aw I know what you mean but like kira said keep your head up High and things will be alright
i hope so i feel like such a failure to them no matter what i do
no one is a failure, as long as u try, thats all anyone can ask of u, i personally think u r not a failure, ur a winner just for trying
thanks
no problemo
*hugs*
aww i bet your not a failure.... you seem like the type who isnt you seem awesome not loserish(: dont worry hun if you ever want to talk message me
thank you
Welcome.
You're not a loser, you've been there for me when I'v needed someone. Just hang in there and keep trying yeah?
I will
-hugz- we seem to need one
I dont know what's wrong with my familyI seriously don't know what i did to to make them hate me so muchbut whatever i do its just not good enough at allI try so hard in school and out of schooli try really hard at my house and i do everything im toldbut its still not good enough What should i do? i know how u feal im going through the same thing i turn to music and hope things will get better
Uhmm.... I dont know if this is serious or not but I was just wondering if we could make an Ep family tree =D

@admins_what do you think? ^^
i can tell this quite serious, and thats why it needs to be in the SERIOUS DISCUSSION THREAD instead of SUGGESTION THREAD, why in fact this may be a matter of life and death!!!
jk jk im in a very cynical mood
LOL
so what do you think about an EP Family Tree, Mr. Shane =D
id say it be a great idea to see who was on in the past
yes, bit I think its a REAL MONUMENTAL task.LOL xD
excatly why its in the SERIOUS DISSCUSSION lol
oh yeeeeaaaaaahhhhhh! I never thought of that!LOL
oh my!that would be an amazing idea!!!!!!:D admin/scribe do it do it please:D
@liz_yeah, but its kinda like a realy herculean task and it'd prolly take weeks. And who's gonna be who? I mean, who's gonna be my mom and dad and their parents and yours and. .. . .LOL
lol!ur right:) theres like lots of ppls bud!!!
Yeah! and the board statistics said "We currently have 4,856 members registered."
LOL
wow thats lots!lol!
What exactly do you guys mean by a familee tree? O.o
where shall i fit in, in this family O-O
REDHEADED STEP CHILD!!!!!
REDHEADED STEP CHILD!!!!!Dx nuuuuu!
JK Jk
i wanna be...uh...idk D=
wanna be wat?
I wanna be sammy's son.LOL ^^
Just because I'm latina doesn't mean I can't be emo what the hell people?!! Answers Please!!!!
I'm latino and I dont like lables but I can say I'm emo there's nothing  wrong with it hun its just haters gotta hate and if hispanic emos are what they feel like hating on then just let them but dont let it get to you
If you ever wanna talk just message me
Im a latina, and proud too
well noone can really be EMO its a music genre its lik saying hey im rap
lol yea punk ur rite.... but i do say u can b watever u wana b no matter wat ppl say
who the fuck says latinas cant be emo? thats racist and retarded.
its retarded to depend on labels hun!! be yourself not a damn label!!!!
I just saw this video on youtube about a riot against emos in Mexico, and got really scared. 
It was punks and goths, who did beat emos, because of being so. And something about them hating us for stealing there style, and ruin it for them. And I gotta admit I got really worried. Do I have to fear punks and goths? Is it really true that they hate us? Or is it just a few og them? Even tho I gotta say, in the video, they where pretty many.
no im a punk and i dont hate emos in fact i lik emos better than most people
Aww, and I like you just for that comment. (:
I guess it depends on what kind of person they are and where they live and how they were raised.
It could be that those people weren't actually goth or punk, they could have been dressing the part to get their point across.
I don't see why they would hate 'emos' because we are mostly all the same.
The difference between 'emo' and 'goth' is mostly white and black makeup and skinny jeans with band tees.
Punks are just, well. Punks. You don't have to dress punk to be a punk. I believe it's mostly an attitude thing.
But that's just my opinion.
I wouldn't worry about it.
People of every race, gender,religion, sexual orientation, and stereotype get beaten up everyday. 
If you didn't worry about it much then, why should you now?
I did'nt think of it in that way. Thank you. :'D
No prob
i personally don't think so, i was a punk at a point, goth and now i'm emo.. fersuure. nd when i was all the those other things, i never hated emos. i happened to like them, i was kind more like them. (: so don't stress over too much, dearyyy!
Wow i sound like a biiiiiiiiiiiitch
no need to take offense whenever somone whips out the word emo, u cant epect evryone to know that not evryone likes labels
you know,this is y i love punk301:D  n dude yeah,i heard bout that thing with the kids is mexico..it sucks... when i fist heard bout it i thought the same thing you did,but then im like it had to be the ppl n whatever feud they were having.its not like we had an international labels wars.punks dont hate us,we get along real good:D
Why try to be something you aren't?  Why be a label which only says "I decided to become this" because someone called you "emo" or this or that.  Become what the media portrays as something unusual, unwanted, and completely negative?

Why not be yourself, and just enjoy music in general, instead of having to stick to one, why deny the others you like and just like what you like and be who you are?
Yeah, I know what you guys mean. Your right. Well I'm not into cliques. It is just easier to wright the question in that way. And I'm sorry about the "us". :'D
By the way. Really wise said Scribe. (:
dont wrry about it
Fuck emos. I hate emos so much.
hmm...
antix ur just a trouble maker go away
Aha you know me so well. 
aahahh!!!
Wow i sound like a biiiiiiiiiiiitchNah, You're not a bitch :-P You just made me laugh xD
jeez, that sounds harsh. I mean, ppl getting beaten up 4 who and what they are is all kinds of wrong. the vid u watched reminded me of an article i sorta browsed about Russia outlawing emo music. it freaked me out.
wonderful language
i got a couple of punk friends. they tease me a little, and say i should stop cutting(which i should) and cheer up, but they dont hate me
my best friend is a punker and all his friends are and they pick on me A LOT for who i am. which is stupid. he told me the punkers HATE emo/scene kids. but he still sticks around me so its questionable...hmmm...
As someone who has been lurking in the goth subculture for a while, I can say that the most accurate answer would be that some do, some don't, and some don't even know what an emo is. 

The goth and emo scenes share some misconceptions; for example, that we're all depressed cutters. Sometimes we get confused with each other because of our few similarities. Some goths probably think that because of this, emos give goths a bad name, or that emos are just mall-goths. Some just don't like emos for whatever reason. 

It's ironic to me how people who are judged as wrongly as goths have been would so readily judge others, but that's human nature for ya.
They all branch from the same ideal anyway.

So in essence, the groups have similarities.
i honestly dont think anyone "hates" people because of the way they dress, act, do there makeup/hair. they may dislike that there are people who arent the same as them , but no, not hate.
I was looking at old videos of the emo kids in mexico 2 years ago and how they had like a fight with the punks and goths and the news reporters asked a punk guy "why do you hate the emo kids?" and ofcourse he answered,"cause they stole our style!!" liike what the hell is that about?
I was looking at old videos of the emo kids in mexico 2 years ago and how they had like a fight with the punks and goths and the news reporters asked a punk guy "why do you hate the emo kids?" and ofcourse he answered,"cause they stole our style!!" liike what the hell is that about?rofllll xD

O3O
huh
idk lol its face xD
OH!!!
lol  yeah i can be quite confusing at times lol ^w^
its all good:D
yay!
:D
i just looked at my moms facebook page... its been almost a year since she died. i miss her so much. i started crying when i saw the pic... i miss her so much...
Oh dear...  
* gives hug*I am very sorry for your loss , let it all out cry for a whole week if you have to : )
Pm me im a good listener and friend if you need one .... : )
OMG! im so sorry hun! :,( *hugs*
i just looked at my moms facebook page... its been almost a year since she died. i miss her so much. i started crying when i saw the pic... i miss her so much...I'm sure, if there's a heaven, your mom is watching and is very proud of you. One of the lessons death teaches us is to appreciate the loved ones we still have. I usually don't write corny stuff like that, but I mean it.
at least you have the corrage to look at her pictures. and that is the first step, crying is good it helps you feel better, and remember the good times you have had and cry wile doing it =3 dont ever be ashamed either. i do that when people i loved have died.
So basically I went to my doctors the other day and my doctor reffered me to a councillor.
I have seasonal affective disorder, which is basically where you feel more sad in the winter and more happy in the summer - everyone has it to some extent, mine is just more serious.
But recently I've been getting a lot worse. I'll be tired all day and then go to bed but I won't sleep, haven't slept for days, so insomnia I guess. Paranoia, anxiety, lost my apetite so I've hardly eaten anything for a week.
Also I've self harmed, had to show the doctors my scars which was messed up.

So yeah. Has anyone had councilling? And does it actually help _
Well I went to counseling... It wasn't too bad, I did better when it was a guy to be honest. If it's a good counselor, then it'll definitely help. And some counselors are good for some and not so good for others.
I've been to multiple consulers imean,they help a lot but I've had bad experiences with one so I'm honestly afraid of them now ever since then ivr just never heen able to trust them.
Ive been to 5 different councerlers . Dont worry i know all about it and what its like . so if you ever wanna talk about it just inbox me =) .
I don't like counselling :/ I find it a waste of time but my friends say it helps them so... you'll just have to see for yourself.
My girlfriend see's a councelor but tbh I don't think it's a very good one so if they are a good one then go for it because all her's does is give her pills and that that make her sleepy all the time and she hates it. 

As for me? Well I should have once but Im a stubborn ol thing and refused to get seen and sorted myself out from what I think was some form of depression/stress disorder (don't actually know because I never went to get diagnosed xD)
Thankyou everyone (: 
ya i went to a councillor for cutting depression and boddy dysmotfic dissorder and it diddnt really help she just told me things i already knew but if it helps u keep going i guess the only way to know is to try it
i am currently getting counseling because my school thinks i am depressed (because i tried running away from home) it is horrible and i personally dont think it helps because i dont really like talking to grownups who i dont know. stupid shrinks.
I went to see a therapist a few years ago for major depression. He told me some stuff unrelated to what was wrong, but I didn't give him much to work with in the first place. I did kind of enjoy it, though. It was nice to have someone just to talk to who at least seemed genuinely interested in my life. 

Sometimes there are therapists who don't "fit" with you. If your current one isn't helping, try going to a different one. They all have different attitudes, so pick one that suites you.
iv been in councilling for 10 years of my life...all they do is tell you stuff to shut you up, and shove you full of pills, and thanks to them i dont remember half my life. =C
iv been in councilling for 10 years of my life...all they do is tell you stuff to shut you up, and shove you full of pills, and thanks to them i dont remember half my life. =CHave you been going to the same one or have you been changing? Like I said, different counselors have different attitudes. You also always have rights as a patient. If you feel that you aren't being treated properly or if it isn't working out for you, you have options.
i am gonna go to a grief counselor soon. but i agree that most therapists dont know shit. they try to help and end up fucking up ur life more. so instead of seeing a counselor, talk to ppl u trust.
Have you been going to the same one or have you been changing? Like I said, different counselors have different attitudes. You also always have rights as a patient. If you feel that you aren't being treated properly or if it isn't working out for you, you have options. no i actually have had the same counseller for about 6 years b4 that i had another one, but they still didnt help, ig im too fucked up.
I've been made fun of ever since I was little, 

Even in elementary school, I've been different. Different, meaning the only black girl in an all white school, and I've always dressed in dark colors all my life (aka, wearing a black tutu to ballet, and getting kicked out) Thus, I'm labeled "emo" lol (I dress the part, so I see where that comes in"

But the bullying has gotten worse, with threats, being called a "dumb, emo n***** bitch" and shit like that. I'm hated for no apparent reason, even though I'm a pretty chill person to get along with. 

I just wanted to ask you guy, what I should do...my parents are already informed of the bullying, but there's nothing the school can do about it, and I'm not going to transfer schools over some stupid potheads. 

xx
If theirs no physycal violence ignoring them and makin true, good friends is how id survive
so u go to school with a buncha rednecks. damn. that must suck ass. i only gotta ba around rednecks at my aunts, which is like, never. im sure theres someone in the school u can stick close to!  im made fun of cuz im emo and quiet, so i can relate. if not, just stick it out till college. thats what im doing. its hard, but if u can find a college with nice ppl, ittl be worth it.
I've been bullied all of my life. I only have 1 friend (who I LOVE) but the reason for that is because people in my town hate me. The girls call me weird, the guys call me ugly, i've heard it all.
But this is what I said to someone in the rant section, and I think it applies here too. And the topic needs to be raised again:
"I'm no stranger to bullies and that crap too. It can get really annoying i know. 
Bitches like that thrive on attention and reactions. Don't give 'em any reaction. If you really want, do the little eyebrow thing where u raise 1 eyebrow. haha.
If you do that, they have nothing to feed off of. 
If you're REALLY having a hard tim with them, tell them straight out (once) that your done with there behavior, and leave it at that. 
Walk away. 
Also what your doing now is good. Writing about it  I did that too and it made me feel a lot better about the situation 
Hope this helped!"
I'm pretty sure the school has to do something if they are harassing or physically threatening you. Worst case scenario, you can get a lawyer and press charges. 

well normally id suggest ignoreing them but ur case is diffrent, so i say avoid them
Okay people theres this freak of a guy going around making different accounts with charlie and numbers after it  ( eg. charlie1993 , charlie13 ect )

And hes asking different girls for pictures and to go out with them and all that shit.  Every one just ignore him. hes some pervert trying to exploit you.

I ask greatly for any administration to look into this "charlie" guy matter please . I dont want any one to get hurt on here . I want the best for you all .
YEAH I TELL YOU BOUT HIM YOUR ALL LIKE ITS OK BUB IGNORE HIM
THE OTHER GIRLS TELL YOU AND YOU GO AND MAKE A THEAD BOUT IT REAL FUCKING NICE NATHAN
yeah he went on and asked me for some pics to and i was just like im not that type of girl
Well you would like to know that War-Of-Age is the same guy also...
this guy is a freak man!!! he did the same to me and its just scary!!!!!!wheres the scribe when u need him???
oh yeah he's War-of-ages but yeah he asks like, "what are you wearing and stuff"
Me too!   nah... that would be wierd.
yupper.. he asked me that shit hahaha . ah that cracks me up.
- -" this is already out of hand.. 
he's emailed me through all three accounts asking about pictures and all that crap:
charlie19
charlie1991
war-of-ages
sick perv really needs to be checked up on.
oh yea.. he's said his name is: chuck, charlie, and tyler.. 
different accounts. same stupid jerk
Scribe to the rescue! ^^
lol
Give me exact names and I'll ban them.
its Charlie19
charlie1991
and War-Of-Ages
Thank you he wouldn't quit messaging me
Problem resolved, he won't be able to come here anymore.
what if he just makes another account??
what if he just makes another account??He had more than 1.  He's not coming back, i made sure of it.
That's what I was thinking .
okay thanks:)
Sorry my post was in response to wonderless but scribe already answered it so just ignore it
Thanks scribe =) . i thought itd be best if i brang this issue to public
Scribe saved us all from a pedo menace! =D
what if he just makes another account??He had more than 1.  He's not coming back, i made sure of it.Probably used an IP ban. Meaning he can't even get on the site, as long as he is using the same internet connection/IP address
Yeah, Ember said something bout a pedo. Guess this is him =P
THANKS SCRIBE!!!!!!!!!!!!!:D
Me too!   nah... that would be wierd.LOL!! xD That made me laughAnd Yay, go scribe
thankk you mister scribe sir
I knew it...he was asking me for "pics"
he pmed me randomly. i saw his avatar. he looks like a perv.
I think that nowadays, people are really rude, I mean seriously, in the 60s' everything was so much better. People were nice to each other, and things like hate notes didnt go around. It's really depressing when you get a phone call from a friend who says someone put a hate note in her locker.
         -Kitty
If you agree with me stand up and voice your opinion!!!!!!!
this survival thing has gone too far, people have bad parents who teach to step on others to accomplish in life, the only thing that happens is those they step on will later get revenge on them.

if you be rude to someone, sooner or later someone will be to you, but if you are like some super idiot its to be expected really, the hate notes and groups that attack other groups are rather dumb
tru=.=' that friend is kinda blonde
Yes, but school was way stricter, the cane, people wouldn't have dared to go out of line, now it is just spend 1 hour after school, miss your break time...and most people who keep getting them, do not care.

I say they should bring back the cane, the our parents most likely had to see/hear this, until they stopped it or went to school when they stopped it. Many people would have had the cane, did it cause them any trouble? No, it didn't. Now health and safety goes too far, you can't do anything unless they approve of it, they will be the death of us one day.

I try to be nice to people, but some people do not deserve it the way they treat others so i just ignore them. Holding the door open, people don't even say thank you these days. 

I wish i grew up in the 50's/60's as it seems such a good time to live in, to me anyway,
my parents say to ignore the harsh words and comments, that sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me. I'de rather have my arms and legs broken that deal with all the mean words


x....- this is emo-san copy and paste....cuz ummm...she's cute! lol
yeah, and someone like me would just be made fun of for being different... *tear*
i seriously do not get why people wonder why others step on them just for the hell of doing so. i mean, its in everyone's nature. even animals have that behavior! through their eyes, as long as they see you as a weaker creature, if they're aggressive or just a "oh-im-stronger/better-than-you" hypocrite and you seem to be easily manipulated, its implied that they'll try and run you over. but if you appear to be "the shit" and if you actually know how to stand your ground or you know how to put people in their respective places, you'll be fine. but if you're such a push over whimp, i say you start praying and i hope you know how to appeal to one's better nature.
Kind-of a stupid question (but since my school is so tight-nit and nice...), wut exactly is a hate letter? I think I can get the main context of what it is but I would like specifics...
i seriously do not get why people wonder why others step on them just for the hell of doing so. i mean, its in everyone's nature. even animals have that behavior! through their eyes, as long as they see you as a weaker creature, if they're aggressive or just a "oh-im-stronger/better-than-you" hypocrite and you seem to be easily manipulated, its implied that they'll try and run you over. but if you appear to be "the shit" and if you actually know how to stand your ground or you know how to put people in their respective places, you'll be fine. but if you're such a push over whimp, i say you start praying and i hope you know how to appeal to one's better nature.but, you do realize that we as humans are not your average-joe-mammals. unlike all other animals, we have reasoning, or the ability to decide right and wrong. animlas just know two things; stay alive and have babies. we as humans do not need to submit ourselves to that level. I'm not saying humans are better than the other animals, I'm just simply saying that we can change the way that animals can't and make the world for us a better place...
i seriously do not get why people wonder why others step on them just for the hell of doing so. i mean, its in everyone's nature. even animals have that behavior! through their eyes, as long as they see you as a weaker creature, if they're aggressive or just a "oh-im-stronger/better-than-you" hypocrite and you seem to be easily manipulated, its implied that they'll try and run you over. but if you appear to be "the shit" and if you actually know how to stand your ground or you know how to put people in their respective places, you'll be fine. but if you're such a push over whimp, i say you start praying and i hope you know how to appeal to one's better nature.but, you do realize that we as humans are not your average-joe-mammals. unlike all other animals, we have reasoning, or the ability to decide right and wrong. animals just know two things; stay alive and have babies. we as humans do not need to submit ourselves to that level. I'm not saying humans are better than the other animals, I'm just simply saying that we can change the way that animals can't and make the world for us a better place...
my parents say to ignore the harsh words and comments, that sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me. I'de rather have my arms and legs broken that deal with all the mean wordsx....- this is emo-san copy and paste....cuz ummm...she's cute! lolyea varily (that means "I agree", if you didn't know.that has to be the biggest lie I've EVER heard... "Sticks and stones may break my bones but words can never hurt me..." puh-lease... *rolls eyes* id love to see how the guy/girl who wrote that would deal with the high schools of today...
i seriously do not get why people wonder why others step on them just for the hell of doing so. i mean, its in everyone's nature. even animals have that behavior! through their eyes, as long as they see you as a weaker creature, if they're aggressive or just a "oh-im-stronger/better-than-you" hypocrite and you seem to be easily manipulated, its implied that they'll try and run you over. but if you appear to be "the shit" and if you actually know how to stand your ground or you know how to put people in their respective places, you'll be fine. but if you're such a push over whimp, i say you start praying and i hope you know how to appeal to one's better nature.but, you do realize that we as humans are not your average-joe-mammals. unlike all other animals, we have reasoning, or the ability to decide right and wrong. animals just know two things; stay alive and have babies. we as humans do not need to submit ourselves to that level. I'm not saying humans are better than the other animals, I'm just simply saying that we can change the way that animals can't and make the world for us a better place..."but, you do realize that we as humans are not your average-joe-mammals"oh no i didn't realize that coz i'm a stupid douche....**sarcasm** wtf what kind of a question is that? YES i do realize that! sure, we have the knowledge to sort out right from wrong. sure, we have options. sure, we can do abstract reasoning. sure, we can do logical thinking. but you can never alter your natural instincts! and that's wut ALL animals have in common. it is wired to us! if you wanna be the "alpha male/female", you're gonna have to fight and put others in their place. if someone appears to be threatening, you'll defend yourself or simply back down. but as humans, if you don't wanna get involved in fights or any shit like that, you're gonna have to build some serious reputation to earn your oh-so-wanted respect coz whatever happens, there'll always be jerks, haters, mean, angry, gay (etc) people everywhere. in some cases, its in-born, its the way they were brought up, its just the atmosphere they're used to, etc. can they help it? no (well, mostly). can they change? probably. i doubt that they'll be willing to go through so much shit though. why the hell bother? believe it or not, we NEED people like them! what you're trying to say is pretty much WISHFUL THINKING. so i say just deal with people's natural crap, and move on! BTW, in this case, humans really are better than any other animal! although, animals would be more peaceful to watch coz they don't get all whinny and bitchy when they get beaten up or they see other critters get bullied by another.oh and FYI, you can avoid double (triple for you) posts by clicking the "EDIT" button.
i seriously do not get why people wonder why others step on them just for the hell of doing so. i mean, its in everyone's nature. even animals have that behavior! through their eyes, as long as they see you as a weaker creature, if they're aggressive or just a "oh-im-stronger/better-than-you" hypocrite and you seem to be easily manipulated, its implied that they'll try and run you over. but if you appear to be "the shit" and if you actually know how to stand your ground or you know how to put people in their respective places, you'll be fine. but if you're such a push over whimp, i say you start praying and i hope you know how to appeal to one's better nature.but, you do realize that we as humans are not your average-joe-mammals. unlike all other animals, we have reasoning, or the ability to decide right and wrong. animals just know two things; stay alive and have babies. we as humans do not need to submit ourselves to that level. I'm not saying humans are better than the other animals, I'm just simply saying that we can change the way that animals can't and make the world for us a better place..."but, you do realize that we as humans are not your average-joe-mammals"oh no i didn't realize that coz i'm a stupid douche....**sarcasm** wtf what kind of a question is that? YES i do realize that! sure, we have the knowledge to sort out right from wrong. sure, we have options. sure, we can do abstract reasoning. sure, we can do logical thinking. but you can never alter your natural instincts! and that's wut ALL animals have in common. it is wired to us! if you wanna be the "alpha male/female", you're gonna have to fight and put others in their place. if someone appears to be threatening, you'll defend yourself or simply back down. but as humans, if you don't wanna get involved in fights or any shit like that, you're gonna have to build some serious reputation to earn your oh-so-wanted respect coz whatever happens, there'll always be jerks, haters, mean, angry, gay (etc) people everywhere. in some cases, its in-born, its the way they were brought up, its just the atmosphere they're used to, etc. can they help it? no (well, mostly). can they change? probably. i doubt that they'll be willing to go through so much shit though. why the hell bother? believe it or not, we NEED people like them! what you're trying to say is pretty much WISHFUL THINKING. so i say just deal with people's natural crap, and move on! BTW, in this case, humans really are better than any other animal! although, animals would be more peaceful to watch coz they don't get all whinny and bitchy when they get beaten up or they see other creeters get bullied by another.oh and FYI, you can avoid double (triple for you) posts by clicking the "EDIT" button.honestly, I'm glad that you know that enough to make a sarcastic comment... I was talking to some prep once on youtube and she didn't seem to get how different we from most mammals... so I had to make sure you weren't like that (not that I thought you were, but when you meet people like that girl on youtube, you have to check;-))i suppose that is true... but just because you have instincts doesn't mean you have to use them in certain ways. Take for example this random story...A person falls down the stairs at school. He/She has a badly broken leg and can't get up. Most people walk around her and sdon't both. Some of the meaner people "accidentally" step on her. That is instinct.Another person of the same social class, however, stops to help the fallen person up. That is right/wrong.Sorry. That story was sucky, I know. Came up with it off the top of my head!NM. Not the point. The point is, if we are constantly following our insticts, most of us would be dropping like flies. Maybe not dead, but you get the picture. And if we all go by right/wrong constantly, we still drop like flies. By knowing when to use right/wrong wisely and knowing when to use our instincts wisely, we create a better world. The problem is, most people DON'T know (yes, I know, I'm pointing out the obvious again, but I really don't give a damn). I would be no exception. You would be no except. Hell, everyone on this God-damned planet is no exception (pointing out the obvious again. this time I apologize 'cause I've been doing it a lot lately)And here is how humans and other animals are basically the same; animals have a good system because they have pure instinct and don't have really a mind of their own, so to speak. We as humans have a mind of our own (obviously), but we do stupid things with it which puts us on the same level as animals... Be free to anrgue back... I love me a good debate! Yes, I know I'm a freak!~SierraBlood
First of all, humans are not mammals. we have our own class: humanoid. 
And secondly, our instincts are programmed into us, we cannot change them. We can control them, but they will change with evolution, based on my beliefs. humans have an instinct to kill. not every human follows that. However, it does not change the fact that the instinct is to kill.
And you're not alone, we're all freaks.
@SierraBloodFireA124fuck imbecile people and questions.and yes, i agree. you're story really sucks. seriously.first, if he/she falls down the stairs, its either he/she immediatly gets back on his/her feet. and if he/she can't because of a broken leg, he/she'll ask for help. on the other hand, people around him/her will a.) help him/her up, b.) ignore him/her, or c.) make a nice laugh out of it. second, who the hell will ever attempt to "accidentally" step on someone who just fell from a staircase? NO ONE! i'm sorry but that's just waaay beyond human morality.we can't argue with natural instincts because they just automatically kick in. its like you're in auto-pilot mode. ergo, no hesitations whether its right or wrong. they are built-in for a reason. and the reason is to be able to survive no matter how banal the situation is. we can't randomly "use" it either. its not the same as the oh-i-can-just-add-this-up-then-i'll-know-how-much-we-need ability that you can just yank out of your mind any day.however, there are a shit ton of situations which calls for different kinds of natural instincts. if its a life-or-death scenario, the auto-pilot mode will take over. but if the climax is just as simple as your little story, natural instincts really depends on the person. if one is "too cool" to help, this person will just walk away or be a total jerk and laugh. if one is a softie, this person will reach out and lend a helping hand. which then leads me to my previous post saying "there'll always be jerks, haters, mean, angry, gay (etc) people everywhere" whether we like it or not. one's actions depend on one's way of thinking and character.finally, if you don't know how to sort out right from wrong, you're a fucking retard. lets say you lied because you don't want your friend to get hurt. is that the right thing to do? NO! even if its for a good reason, its still wrong! but you can turn it around by waiting for the opportuned moment to tell the truth and avoid giving pain to him/her.@XximsozoexXhumans are not mammals? WHAT THE FUCK! did you hatch from an egg and have feathers and a freakin beak or something??have you taken any biology classes?...at all?? if so, did you fail and/or just ditched every meeting of the whole freakin class? just so you know,1.) the term "humanoid" doesn't refer to humans. they are for some "thing" that has human resemblances/characteristics.2.) there are 7 major classifications:KINGDOMS: animalia, plantae, protista, fungi, and moneraPHYLA: chordata, arthropoda, mollusca, annelida, echinodermata...CLASSES: mammals, reptiles, birds, anthropods, fish, amphibiansORDERS: rodentia, primates, chiroptera, insectivora, carnivora...FAMILIES: canidae, felidae, ursidae, hyaenidae, hominidae...GENUS: acinonyx, panthera, neofelis, equus, trioda...SPECIES: panthera leo, panthera tigris, sapiens...Human Taxonomy:Kingdom:   Animalia Phylum:   ChordataSubphylum:   VertebrataClass:   MammaliaSubclass:   TheriaInfraclass:   EutheriaOrder:   PrimatesSuborder:  AnthropoideaSuperfamily:   HominoideaFamily:   HominidaeGenus:   HomoSpecies:   sapiensPS: arguing with a Biology Major student about biology is not a wise thing to do...big no-no!
...I wasn't around in the 60's. That was a good 30 some years before my time, but I do know one thing: Once I started getting older, things got harder. I wasn't emo in elementary. I don't think anyone was. Up until about 4th grade, we were all friends and no one hated anyone. But once people started figuring out I was different, they wanted nothing to do with me.
I get death threat notes in my locker, in class, etc. It's just lovely. And then they ask me why I'm "emo" (Emo is in quotations because they refer to "emo" as a person who injures his or her self). It's lovely...
-.-** what buttfuckers.... they're probably just ignorant monkies who evolution hasnt reached yet
you know, it was just as bad in the sixties. everything is completely relative. i sometimes think back, and are like, gawd, back in the days. namely like... 1700's or something, they had such a better ethos for learning! and that less time was wasted and such. but actually when you think about it, no. there really isnt, its just changed a lot. a LOT.
and why it probably seems like its worse, is because everything nowadays is publicised, like for example, child abuse, self harm. bullying, all that shit.  its because in like.. the 60's as you chose, it was well, people just didnt talk about it. it was just as bad! if not worse in some cases, the people just werent waltzing around going boohooo i get bullied or booohoo i self harm, because back then, it was something to be ashamed of, all of it. 
i mean sure, i agree, bullying, abuse, self harm all that shit is really horrible stuff, but its been well, adopted by various 'cults' if you will, and theyve turned it into some kind of, uppage scheme. its really sick, twisted and wrong. 
WRONG.
Ben ish be right
get hate notes all the time
:\
How about death threat notes. I've had those.
yeah, very many, some very detailed.
Like the ones where they describe how they'll kill you?
yes.
ive gotten those many times
They suck. And I don't know why, but I keep most of my death threat notes.
i put them into a folder,and at the end of every month i burn them when i'm doing my Wiccan rituals.
I don't get rid of them...I just keep reading them and reading them and reading them...
lolz, or, you could use them as a fire starter, burn down everyone who sent you a death threat with the letter =D
That would be so ironic
haha ikr ^-^
And then I'd get to be the one laughing! Mwahahahahahahaha  :-)
i've actually seriously thought about doing that XD
For all my luck, I'd probably get caught XD
lawl.
That would slightly suck donkey balls...
meh.
fuck yeah! im talked down to for being emo and not really joining in the discussions in my honors classes(its honors and im being put down. how ironic) and the teachers join in! this world is so fucked up. im a perfectly nice person if you dont sound all preppy and sarcastic just cuz im emo. dont say things about me because i dont talk to you. talk to me b4 u assume im just a bad person.
Ok so im a beautiful black scene girl and i get alot of crap off of it...like i dont understand wats so wrong wiff it. I'm not aa poser or anything and i dont try tewh act all scene/emo or like a white girl, but thts just who i am...and i think ppl should acceppt meeh for meeh!! so i wanna kno wat the bigg deal is!
There is no 'big' deal, least not for me.
Big deal is more about whether or not you are a nice person  and i think most people here would agree
Like he said, all that matters is you're a nice person or not
people judge too damn much.
stupid "normal" people.
people judge too damn much.stupid "normal" people.i totally agree ; i had to listen to people talk about me today at school."normal" ppl think if youre not in the same box as them you have issues; theyre missing out on life in my opinion. they cant actually live because theyre so busy trying to fit somebody's expectations.
people judge too damn much.stupid "normal" people.i totally agree ; i had to listen to people talk about me today at school."normal" ppl think if youre not in the same box as them you have issues; theyre missing out on life in my opinion. they cant actually live because theyre so busy trying to fit somebody's expectations.i agree. ppl judge me all the time. i get so annoyed by it. ppl should like ppl 4 who they r an not bcuz they r like themselves. 2 Barbie Doll 4 meh
people are mean,just ignore them.
people are mean,just ignore them.agree
i know how you feel. I am part black ((yeah my skin color is pretty brown as you can see in my profile pic...lol jk but yeah..))...and people always say ima poser or they get really shocked when they find out i listen to metal n' stuff.
like today , this dude was like sum is wrong with emos, theyre like a devil cult or sum. im like sdfu !
i can see what u mean from where ur coming from,im biracial,(half black half white) and everyone always gave me shit because i am labeled as emo,but i never paid them mind,they did try to hurt me and they did but hell again i ignored them there was nothing that they could have done that could get to me cause i remembered that im who i want to be and thats all that mattered
i can see what u mean from where ur coming from,im biracial,(half black half white) and everyone always gave me shit because i am labeled as emo,but i never paid them mind,they did try to hurt me and they did but hell again i ignored them there was nothing that they could have done that could get to me cause i remembered that im who i want to be and thats all that mattered thats what i do. when my mom or brother try to say something i always say this is me and i like it & i could care less what you think. i tell other ppl that 0o2
hah exactlly,i prefer being in the face of someone who tries to tell me what i can and cant be,i mess with their head then its so funny
hah exactlly,i prefer being in the face of someone who tries to tell me what i can and cant be,i mess with their head then its so funny
people judge too damn much.stupid "normal" people.Looks like you as well judge too much.I actually find it funny that this thread was even made.  The whole emo/scene/poser thing has to do with those involved, it has nothing to do with skin color.
Life is ironic dude :-P Just gta chuckle when you see them :-P
Don't worry 'bout it. I get it all the time, 24/7, all year round. Who gives a damn about them. it's only you that matters. They can't be bothered to get to know you so don't worry your awesome anyway!!
Dude people ack like idiots
im black and no one cares 
except for people who are black at my school 
they have a problem with the way i am
so i just ignore them
honestly i get the same crap its sucks.
i sometimes get that problem,but i honestly ignore them completely
Thank you! Finally nice people. I'm black as well and people tell me to "go fucking hang yourself, you fucking n**** emo bitch" My town is very conservative, all white and people refuse to accept blacks, let alone black emo kids
Thank you! Finally nice people. I'm black as well and people tell me to "go fucking hang yourself, you fucking n**** emo bitch" My town is very conservative, all white and people refuse to accept blacks, let alone black emo kids just ignore them,your just how i would put it tmth( to much to handle) and the are just hater who will one day make you famous ,thats how i think of it for myself
I think 99% of us deal with emo haters at some point. What have they done? What did you do?
"Emo Haters" have made fun of me, thrown orange juice on me when i get out of my seat at lunch (hey, i have movie senes on my life!) and theyve also beaten me up. its a hard life 4 me.
''emo haters'' ...huh... i highly dispise them. lets just say tight pants and undergarment pulling doesn't coinside...x0
xxKutandSoarxx,
at least you can say you lived through the hate
xemoxlyfe,
Ouch talk about uncomfotable

People can be idiots
hey bro just because i'm here today that doesn't mean i lived through it... but hey i'm not worried about it.
they hate me for being on ep, insult clothes, hair, boyfriend etc
Scene... AH NO USE....
Anti emos never hurt me. They know I can fight. That or their too faggot to say it to my face.
Scene... AH NO USE....Anti emos never hurt me. They know I can fight. That or their too faggot to say it to my face.what is the scene bit supposed to mean?
talk about me behind my back, ignore me, say my clothes and jewelry look weird, won't answer me.
they ask me if i can see anything with my hair, just reply: yeah to bad, your ugly pathetic face and then they shut up
Scene... AH NO USE....Anti emos never hurt me. They know I can fight. That or their too faggot to say it to my face.what is the scene bit supposed to mean?urban dictionary, one of them is probably going to describe it right
omg, this one guy he was 16. he didn;t like me so he started hating on me so i just told him (very discriptivly) how i would tortue and kill him. lol we was so scared thinking i was serous that he has stayed very clear of me.
Don't hate the player, hate the game!
no don't hate the player or the game, hate how they play
Haha. How about just don't hate? :3
well thats always an option
Well hatings just overrated.
very true, it sure is
Meh. I guess I should own up.

I've been spat on, shoved into a fountain (ten sititches in my left shoulder), had my bike robbed, my ipod smashed... someone once came up behind me an cut off a giant hunk of my hair. Someone has thrown my school bag into the river.

The way I dress and the music I like has gotten me a place in the Girls Who Get Abuse records, according to the chavs who hang around our streets.
wow u ppl have it bad no doesnt really care and i just get shunned but not really i guess i have things lucky at  my school but i get teased a llittle but other wise no really cares cause i am the supply at lunch i bring all the good stuff so they dont touch me and they get their oreos or gushers
i was kicked outta school and called white devil apparently someone i never heard of told the counciler that i was threatening to cut people
wow. Kicked out? Yeesh. D: I've been spit on, everyone at my school called me a lesbian, I was jumped by boys, I fought alot of girls, And the most evil jock boys i know actually held me down and cut over the scars I'd made on my left arm. :C
Ppl slap my art folder, my most prized posession, out of my hands. I hate it.
dang u ppl have it bad
I think bad is my middle name.
I think bad is my middle name.lol whys that
I think bad is my middle name.Omg my middles names bad too!!! You must be my long lost cousin!!!  xD
ive just been called alot of names, had rumors spread in school about me, ive been tripped, no one liked me whatsoever until the 7th grade a girl moved here from kansas and she's been my best friend for 5 or 6 years...umm.. ive been threatened by this one chick and her gang that if they came across me on the street they were gonna hurt me bad....im sure it included smashing my face to pieces with my skateboard....so i stayed off the streets for a long ass time....and some other stuff has gone on but i dont feel like talking about it much
wow...thats harsh, dont worry karmas gonna come back and bite them in the ass!
the most fucked up thing just happened... some fucking assholes took the picture of me and my parents and tore it up in my face... i really don't know if i wanna keep going on, that was the only pic with me and my parents having fun... FML
The worse someone did to me was talk shit behind my back and people telling me I don't have any balls just because I wear skinnies.
I don't tell anyone that I go on emo forums plus I'm out of school so no body says anything to me anymore. 
Ironically most of the people who messed with me and made fun of me were adults. Real mature.
well some people always keep their childish thinking no matter how old
True
): I just feel sorry for any body who had been abuse in any way for being them selves.... I never been physically assaulted or anything but I always was called the "emo/goth girl" in my school and that`s it. Also I been rejected by my class mates just cause of the way I dress.

I guarantee that after high school those bullies that pick on you won`t have good paying jobs. Thats what karma does to them. Or they will get caught and end up in prison for a very long time or they will have a very horrible life.

I mean look at andy six! During his school life he was picked on in many ways and was an out cast. Now he is in a band that is very successful. Never give in 
Those are really strong words. Don't give up.
I hope I've lived through the worst which was just being called names, the normal judgment, plus someone who made me feel terrible and my family.
Hopefully, as we get older and we change, the people around us change too. Some change for the better and some for the worse. 
I hope and life is full of dreams. What else do we have but in this world. who knows what happens when we die so just keep going.
I hope I've lived through the worst which was just being called names, the normal judgment, plus someone who made me feel terrible and my family.Hopefully, as we get older and we change, the people around us change too. Some change for the better and some for the worse. I hope and life is full of dreams. What else do we have but in this world. who knows what happens when we die so just keep going.would you tell me what kind of Future You dream about ?
Haha. How about just don't hate? :3Agreed!
That's the problem with emos. Instead of attempting to resolve issues their life may throw at them, they resort to moping, crying, blogging, whining, or cutting themselves to 'deal with the pain'. Despite what they may say, they seek attention, and somehow expect it all to be of the good sort. So when they get bad attention, they complain about it! The worst part is that emos usually don't even have problems that are major; they find the littlest of things to get them down. If you think you have it bad, go visit a country in conflict with real problems (ie soldiers and civililians), and then maybe you'll realise that life isn't so terrible after all. 
Oh and by the way, almost everyone in the world is a bully at some point in time. This doesn't mean that they all end up working in Maccas. I mean, how often do you see 30+ year old people working in fast food restaurants?? Hardly ever. And the ones that do are usually people from overseas that are desperate for work. So don't kid yourself  Being a bully doesn't instantly make you dumb (Of course, I'm not saying that bullying is right or good).
I've been pushed down the stairs. Called a "fucking freak". Some girl told me to "get a fucking life or go kill myself" Someone ripped my cuts open and laughed when they continued to bleed. I got my hair cut and pulled. Every time I walk past someone in my school they pretend to cut themselves. The funny part is I'm the only emo they do that to and there are six other emo's in my school.
I think 99% of us deal with emo haters at some point. What have they done? What did you do?killed my oldest brother
Oh my christ...
All LuLu gets is like.. verbal abuse and shit, and the odd shove in the hallway.
I don't believe how far some bastards would go. I used to get really upset over just that, but now reading some of all your stories... I admire how you've battled through it all - It's amazing!!!!
to me.they only say me emo.emo boy. and they dont like my hairstyle.they say its too long.havoc.weird style..they want me to follow their style.their hairstyle,dressing..

nahh..i just like how i dressing right now.im comfortable with the black/white tshirt.band tshirt.drop dead.tshirt with a wing n gun.tight pants.my lovely converse shoes. i never change it.even though everyone dont like it.

maybe they are too childish.want everybody be like them.differences that make we be friend.make friendship interesting.make our conversation longer.n make our life more colour.not just black n white.lets other people colour our life too.
...i have no idea what's going on with people these days. all the hate? i mean really. i just got in a fight with someone because they thought i was talking about them.. when i was actually talking to someone else. all i have to say is if someone started a fight with me, they better be prepared to fight. no 'let's get back on topic' or any of that shit. it only pisses me off more. maybe that's the reason people don't start anything with me. as for everyone else.. all i can say is 'that's how it is these days'. half the time you're not going to get the opportunity to speak, so don't try wasting your breath on people who are complete imbeciles.
lets see, ive been called a wannabe bcuz of my hair (apparently it wasnt "scene hair), called goth, emo, freak, um... shoved in my locker (no kidding, a teacher had to get me out) everytime I hav my hood down around a hater they say, "Well look who's under THAT hood" um... my friend gets a bad rep for hanging with me and so we arent realllly friends anymore...
Been called faggot, kept on been asked multiple times why i did stuff with my appearance, gang bashed once , yelled at nearly every day i straighten my hair and put make up on by my family . been teased at school , dogged by my ex best friend.. thats about it i think =/
dude, im sorry. thatz worse then wat ive gone thru
they'd just label me 'emo' and stuff. nothing much really, they know I can fight back
my father thinks im crazy cuz im emo. he tells my brother im fucked up in the head and need to be sent away
my father is the same way
Look i understand that you feel so bad that you are ready to do everything to make the things ok, Im so sorry for you but as daphne said your sister  wouldnt want to hurt your self. And Im sure that there will be ppl who will cry for you , who care about you... I am sure that the pain is enourmous just have faith and be strong!!!
I won't say I understand exactly how your feeling because if you're like me you know that's bullshit and no one will ever understand that kind of pain.
But I know my version of how it feels to 'kill' someone near and dear to you.
For me it was my Dad. Recently actually.
It wasn't entirely my fault and I don't know your story but, maybe with your sister, it wasn't entirely your fault either.
People who tell you it gets better, are mostly full of shit. 
Yea it gets better for a little while, but then it falls apart again.
You'll never get over it, but you can learn to live with it.
For some it comes easily, for others it seems like it will take forever.
I hope what I said didn't upset you, but I feel there is a time for sympathy and a time to keep it real.
I prefer when people keep it real with me, even if it hurts.
Because an honest opinion and a true word is better than pity any day.
im sorry. and im here as a friend if you need me. i havent been in your situation but people do care about you dont forget that.
wow.... i dnt get wat ur goin through.. i havent bn n dat situation .. but im here to tlk if u wnt to tlk.. bout nethng ..
the pain of losing somone is one of the most painful things anyone can expierance and theres nothing anyone here can say to make u feel better about the situation(that i know of) but dont let the pain control u dont let it consume u
I don't know how you're feeling but myfriend, -BIG HUGS- You have us guys, bit of an odd ball bunch of misfits but everyone loves everyone and if you ever need someone to talk to, then Im here for you, in anyway i can be.
i can sorta get it. not totally, but... i mean, if ida nagged my mom to go to the hospital she may still be here. it was an accident. dont blame yourself. it happened. it sucked more than anything ever could and changed your life forever. now remember shes watching you and live life to keep her memory alive, instead of feeling guilty all the time. life goes by faster than you think. youll see her again sooner than you think.(im not suggesting suicide. im saying the exact opposite)
i can sorta get it. not totally, but... i mean, if ida nagged my mom to go to the hospital she may still be here. it was an accident. dont blame yourself. it happened. it sucked more than anything ever could and changed your life forever. now remember shes watching you and live life to keep her memory alive, instead of feeling guilty all the time. life goes by faster than you think. youll see her again sooner than you think.(im not suggesting suicide. im saying the exact opposite)Well Said my friend
I know it my seem strange but get this movie it should help
Charlie St.Cloud
I know I'm not the only one. 
Lost someone you loved, how did you cope?
It took me a while to cope with that
i had lost my dad and i loved him so much 
but after a while the tears stop running and then everything seems to be back to normal 
but the pain of that loss will never go away trust me
but you will learn to cope with it
It took me a while to cope with thati had lost my dad and i loved him so much but after a while the tears stop running and then everything seems to be back to normal but the pain of that loss will never go away trust mebut you will learn to cope with it oh and how i coped with that is i just isolated myself for a while or just drowned myself in music or had my friends and family by my side always. When having someone you can trust near you always after a loss helps with the pain faster.
Alisha was killed by a drunk driver last year. I knew her since I was in Kindergarden.
Sarah, I knew since 6th grade died last April. She sustained injuries from a car accident along w/her boyfriend.
Kacy, whom everyone at CASHS knew, died in the hospital after being critically injured from a one vehicle accident in October 09. And the latest and hardest: my best friend Brian. He was 'Emo styled' and the best guy any girl could ever have as a friend.
He committed suicide after suffering depression for a few months after his sister died. His dad didn't care for him, his bitchy step mom hated him being 'Emo', and he just couldn't take it. I knew him since 2nd grade in California, so it is hard losing the ones you love dearly. It's never easy. The pain is still there, and I know they're never coming back, but always share the memories you've had. Great, now I'm getting teary eyed...
My best friend died earlier this year in May. My friend Jimmy also died this year in October.
I'm so sorry for all of you. I can't imagine how painfull it must be to lose someone loved. Hope you guys will be allright.
Michelle was killed by a drunk drunk driver. we were only cousins, and 4 years apart, but close as sisters. i keep her memory alive by thinking of her whenever i can. noone can ever replace her... *cries* i also just lost my mom to type 1 diabetes a few months ago...
2 years ago i lost my childhood best friend,she was only 12,i found out at school cause my friend told me i didnt believe her until i was told to go to the library,they had a group trying to comfort other but when i figured out it was true i broke down crying,after that i completely lock myself away for atleast 2 weeks,since then i havent ever fortgotten her nor do i intend to forget her,but i coped by just remembering every good time we had together and the bad aswell,because it was just petty fight they made me happy cause i could remember her so well.
I lost my best friend.. the only person ill 100% love for ever and before.. I miss her more then any one or anything..
She killed her self after i got of the phone to her trying to calm her down.. hence why i find it so hard to give people advice now..

I didnt really do anything to get my mind of her. i still think about her every day.. But what i used was nothing. I just let time turn the extreme pain into a slight pain with a depressing memory.. The pain and sadness will always be there with me..
Roweann. I didnt lose her. I left her. But it was for the good of the both of us. I loved her very much. And I still probably do. It was hard at first, but I had to endure the pain.
in all truth and honesty i dont think i ever did, the guilt and weight brings me down everytime i think about
shes gone ...
my baby cousin ...
shes ... gone
i lost her! 
NO!! 
i want her back!
Plz i want her back 
-hugs- :'(
Very sorry.

I'm here if you need to talk.
My condolences.
Oh my god... Rani...
god, i'm sorry sweetie.
.....for once im without advice, i give u my condolences
i wish you the best and hope for no more pains to you i am sorry for you lose mon ami
im so sorry.

i give you my condolences.

im here anytime you wanna talk !
Oh dear! *hugs tightly* my condolences, i'm here if you need someone love
i just lost my cousin too, about a year ago to drunk driving. i understand how you feel. *hugs* dont let anyone tell you how to mourn her okay? do whatever you can to keep her memory alive!
I've been trying not to cut lately... and I haven't in about two months. But in replacement of cutting, when I get upset or feel guilty, etc. to an extreme extent, I do other things to harm myself. I bite myself and I bang my head against the wall so hard a bruise up and get bad migraines for days. Sometimes I won't eat. But when I try not to do these things, I break. I just start screaming really loud, and i remember when one of my brothers came to shut me up I socked him hard. I didn't mean it, but it was like a natural instinct. The police even came to see what was going on. I feel like I'm insane...
Maybe there are ways you could calm yourself, like focusing on your breathing or counting to ten.
You could also have a stress ball or something to squeeze, that might work.
There are lots of ways, you just gotta figure out which one works on you ;)
Well uhm, I use rubber bands... Kind of a nonviolent way to hurt yourself, right?
eh, I can find a way to hurt myself with a peice of cotton, so maybe not. I'm still trying to find a way to calm myself, so i'll see if i can find anything that actually works.
Cotton? How do you manage that?
Well if you need to talk to any im here sorry i didnt give ya any advice everyone else said what I would have told ya.
Thank you lostsoul, and its ok.  and @ Ember: lol there are actually a few ways u can hurt someone with cotton
Well Try adhrenaline, don't take drugs or anything but maybe see if you can do some parkour or something, obv don't start by jumping off a roof but doing something like that is what I do and it helps
i used to cut but my mom saw them so now i cant unless i whant to be commited.
I find cold showers help if i get the erg and if i feel real low super hot showers help.
Ps not 2 hot or youll burn yourself not to fun trust me.
I used to be a heaps chronic cutter. Like cutting my self 3 to 4 times a day . i was heaps addicted to the pain , the feeling and stuff. Then i decided to post a forum thing on here to tell all you great people and to try and seek help cause i knew it was bad for me .

Many of uz on here helped me alot through different techniques.

The two that worked the best for me was wrapping a rubber band around your wrist and flicking it against it nice and hard cause it hurts alot and feels the same way as cutting and dosent leave marks ( only bruises for half an hour ) . I still use this one alot =) .

The second is to hold an ice cube in your hand when you get the craving to cut until it goes away for it like numbs your hand and wrist and gets rid of the urge but overall i recomend the rubber band =P.

I know it will take a long time for you to stop cutting , its been a while since i started those techniques and i some times still cut my self but thats only once a week . once a week cut down from about 4 to 3 times a day is a pretty good effort . I really recomend it =) . Stay strong Cloud . I know You can do it =)
What the wise man above me said :-) Listen to him hun
You know why.

Also,
Hello everyone. I just wanted to say that you have all helped me become who I am now, and have helped me along the way of this big journey I call life. Me and my girlfriend are going away and might not ever be able to talk to you guys again. We are going to end up far away from where we started... I am going to be a dad and I need to take care of Sara and make sure she is safe and happy, and take care of a kid. I have alot of growing up to do and this is the point where I need to learn how to be a real man. Again, I thank all of those who have helped me and my best wishes go to them.
i love you:heart:
I love you too
So aparrently evryone at my house thinks im enlilghtned cause some stupid ass counsleor says  i am, and now they come to me for emotional support, my own parents are asking me for help, and even if i am, im still a teenager and noone is there to help me when i need help... well besides u guys, its lik being alone in the world
im so sorry.. im always here for u .. but i get wat u mean by bn alone.. ur alone in the real world at home.. and yea i get wat u r so ugh bout it for.. i mean their adults and shld b there to help u wen u need it not expecting u to b helping them all d time.. and bn enlightened is great.. just it seems like they r using it to much and not thnkn  bout how u feel.. mayb u cld tlk to them.. but i proly ant no help at all but am here for u promise.
well your counselor is an ass for doing that and your parents shouldn't be comin to you, you should be coming to them. and your not alone... never. i know how you feel.. except i have no parents and i live with my aunty them. but they do the same thing to me 
so i know how you feel
Dumb ass counselor.

I know how you feel bud, feeling alone in the world where you feel there's nobody there.
But here on EmoPuddle, we're all a family, so if you ever need somebody, I'm here, we're all here.
i know how you feel its like no matter what i do my parents are always expexting me to solve their problems, even the ones that i have absolutely no control over and when my mom is depressed she expects me to be able to magically be able to fix it i had to talk her down from suicide when she was drunk and all the people i know always come to me for help as if i can make their problems go away
its alright ive learned alot from my experiences
There's really nothing that special about being enlightened, but the thing is there aren't many people that are. My brother and I went through this too, but he was the real "golden child" of all nine of us while he was still living here. Now it's me. When people see it in you, they think of how great u are and come forth to you with their problems because they know u can fix them and that they can talk to you. What they don't get is that you have emotions, too, and often negativity is absorbed by people like you. Remind them that you, too, are only human if they start coming to you for every one of their problems. Take some time to breathe, and also become your own counselor. It's a very good thing too be able to help people, but don't let it stress u too much.
i used to cut myself constantly, over and over everytime i was upset, then pick at the scars. my girlfriend saw them and made me stop. i cut on the rare overly depressed nearly suicidal moods but now days i carry a rubber band on my wrist that i stretch as far as possible, then let go. i guess its better than a scared arm but i just cant seem to help myself. when im upset, i want or more so need to hurt myself.

is there anything you guys did to stop?
i used to choke myself with a bungee, u need to realize that its not ur fault and that ur a wonderful person
im not a wonderful person, im a cruel, sadistic, santanic bitch and deserve what i get
Dont cut. Your a wonderful person who people care about. If you cut all your doing is making things worse. You will look at the blood and the cuts then start to hate yourself more, then want to cut even more.
Trust me I know. Im here to talk to you
if thats how u truly feel then maybe u r, but i dont see a sadistic,cruel, or satanic girl, i see a girl thats confused and refuses to see her own beauty
I agree with punk your amazin and a wonderful person I never cut but used to drik a lot and make my self throw up until one day I asked my self why do i do this will it help me beating my self up when I'm up set do I feel good and tryely happy and I couldn't answer them so i stopped and thought of things that truely made me happy and i never did It again
im  there to i cut and i will try to stop and i will have quit for awhile but then something bad hapens or i get upset and depressed and it sets me rite back to where i started
kaylee, you know how i feel
okay so i use to get addicted to cutting a long time ago... and i got my friend to carve angel wings on my back and now im to afraid to go out in public letting everyone see it...but the worse thing is i got addicted to cutting again i don't remember how i stopped
I'm so sorry. I used to be addicted to cutting. I stopped awhile ago, but how I stopped was I just had this need to fit in, yet I kept on straying far from the crowd. So I thought if I stopped cutting everyone would like me more. I really didn't work, but it got me to stop cutting. I don't know if that will help you, but you could also use rubber bands. It works. Everytime you have the earge to cut, just snap yourself with a rubberband.
I'm not sure if this will help, but tell me if it does. And I am truly sorry. But the angel wings thing sounds actually kind of cool. I mean, it was stupid to not get it done professionally, but it sounds cool.
k thanks i will try it see if it helps and yea the angel wings are pre cool but im just afraid to go out in public like the pools or something and letting everyone see it
Yeah. People can be really f****** stupid about these sort of things. They just don't get it. They probably wouldn't last a day in our shoes because they hide behind people and act like cowards
User was banned for advertising
ohhk so it's been about 4 months now and i cant stop drinking..my friends say i should before i kill myself but to tell you people the truth I LOVE TO and don't want to stop...what do i do??
well stop for one, alcohol creates cyrosis of the liver
well stop for one, alcohol creates cyrosis of the liverbut thats the thing i can't and i doon't wont to at all...pfft who cares if i die
well stop for one, alcohol creates cyrosis of the liverbut thats the thing i can't and i doon't wont to at all...pfft who cares if i dieAhh ohh shit you bitch didn't. Please tell me. Why drink? To forget? Do you know how many people are in the same situation as you and are doing WAAAY more better than you? You little depressed faggot. You can't handle your body like other people can. Learn how to control your fear and depression like all of us can do. Quit being a pussy and stop killing yourself slowly. you don't even know who loves you. Your blinded by drugs and alcohol. Forget all that and do us all a favor. Rehabilitate yourself and stop ruining the world, cuz people like YOU is whats giving our futures a bad role model. Seriously. I've been that road before. I'm doing way more better than you.
well stop for one, alcohol creates cyrosis of the liverbut thats the thing i can't and i doon't wont to at all...pfft who cares if i diewell since u dont want help, this thread is pointless ur obviously set in ur ways, on the road to alchoholism, hav a fun life as an alchoholic, hopefully AA might help
well stop for one, alcohol creates cyrosis of the liverbut thats the thing i can't and i doon't wont to at all...pfft who cares if i dieAhh ohh shit you bitch didn't. Please tell me. Why drink? To forget? Do you know how many people are in the same situation as you and are doing WAAAY more better than you? You little depressed faggot. You can't handle your body like other people can. Learn how to control your fear and depression like all of us can do. Quit being a pussy and stop killing yourself slowly. you don't even know who loves you. Your blinded by drugs and alcohol. Forget all that and do us all a favor. Rehabilitate yourself and stop ruining the world, cuz people like YOU is whats giving our futures a bad role model. Seriously. I've been that road before. I'm doing way more better than you.believe me i'm trying to...but it's not working out and thanks for the advice..
[align=center]well i'm having my own little celebration today :] as of today it haas been a full year since i have quit some horrible things... so i'm proud of myself for being able to quit and stay off of them this long :] i figure this was serious disscusion cause the topic of such a celebration seems serious.. but yes sammy ish proud of herself today :]coke went bye bye a year ago :] morphine went bye bye a year ago :] and they aren't ever gunna come back haha :]  [/align]
yaay Sammy!that's awesome :3-hugs Sammy-and in celebration of this moment...
very nice a small protion of the comunity that takes those drugs rarely can stay off of them
thank you and yeah... it has been really hard to stay off of them but i think i've finally crossed over the line where i no longer feel any need to want them or to be associated with them and thats a huge part of getting off of them for good. i'm just really proud :]
Woopty Freakin Doo.
Way to go Sammy!
thnnxx :]
very good accomplishment it is hard for many to come off drugs as addictive as those
:] thankk yeww
i agree w/ darkchildmatt. congratz! trying 2 stop takin drugs takes a lotta willpower! im impressed!!! congrats, sammy!
That's awesome! Like other people said its hard to quit those kinds of drugs and its good you got to say bye bye to them.
thank you :]

sometimes saying bye bye to things can suck like saying bye bye to a pet that died or something, but saying bye bye to these things is the happiest bye bye i've ever said hahaha
Congrats Sammy! =))
:]] thankkss :]]
CONGRATULATIONS!!VERY PROUD OF YOU LOL *high five*
thnnnkkkss :]] **high fivee**
it seems to me that the more i help pple and make them happier, the more i become depressed, as if i give my happiness to others wat do u guys think, any solutions?
it seems to me that the more i help pple and make them happier, the more i become depressed, as if i give my happiness to others wat do u guys think, any solutions?to that my friend im not sure of a solution but i can share understanding,i also feel the same as i help others more and more,after a while you just forget about being happy and you dont really feel much though.
its sad i give to others but leave nothing for me
isnt it said that it is better to give then to recieve my friend
yes it is thank u
Im starting to lose my friends, actually I havent yet but I feel I might. It all started when they saw my cuts. They said I had to stop or theyll ignore me. But I couldnt resist it so I cut again. And they saw it too. They said it was my last cuts or theyll truly do what they said. And they dont want me being emo too =(

what should I do? =((
its ok thats wut my "friends" said too but if thay were ur friends thay wood exsept u 4 huw u r.cuz i cut and its so hard to stop to deel wiyh the pain.trust me i know:(
ur friends wld b there for u if they were true friends.. and who u r is who u r and they shld except u ... but i am here if u wnt to tlk
I agree with everyone else about them  being your true friends
but maybe you could also try rubber bands or even ice instead of cutting
when my friends figured icut myself they started crying they helped me through it thats how ik there my best friends cuz they never left and they will be there for me for what ever
your "friends" really weren't friends, if they couldn't stand there by your side through what you're going through. I used to cut, i finally decided to stop because my dad thought that it was all because of him. and rubber bands do work...
but if you never need anything, i'm here to talk to. :3
ask them the reason why they hav the right to pass rightous judgement upon others
Maybe they don't like the turns you're / you've taken i nthe recent times.  Friends will stick with you, until you start to drag their reputation into the ground as well.  Who wants to be known as "the friend of that cutter"?  The "emos friend", and other insults which will slander their names because of your poor choices?

Maybe you should find something else to occupy yourself, rather than being stereotypical and cutting yourself.  Try being you, and not some label-puppet that becomes what bullies call you.
awwwwwww! thank you guys!!! =)) maybe they arent real friends. honestly, we've been through some stuff together but not that much. But I love my friends so Ill stick around with them and hide my cuts better =)
but you shouldn't have to hide who you are for them to be your friends...
but you shouldn't have to hide who you are for them to be your friends...you do have a point there =/
if they r ur friends, they wouldn't say they wouldn't be ur friends anymore just cuz they saw ur cuts. It feels like im gonna lose my friends too, but then i try and make more friends so i can always talk to more than just one person. except thatz kinda hard when u go 2 a skool where everyones rich and ur probably the most unwealthy kid in skool and ur an outcast. but hey, give it a shot.
dude,be urself and stay that way,friends come and go but ur life is ur life,make it the best it can be cause ur the only 1 that has to live with ur mistakes. good luck:D
emocuttie is a wise girl, and so is everyone else, be your self and if they cant except you for who you are then they dont deserve you/ your friend ship. take into stride and just ignore wat others say. ive gone through the same thing in the last week. my group left me completly yesterday. but i dont really care. i did at first, but then i realized that if they were my friends that wouldnt do that. so be your self, and dont let anyone change that!
thank you everyone! you've all been a great help =))
I just hope my friends can accept me for who I am. . .
If your friends dont then they dont deserve you. Fight on zredtide (:
Maybe they don't like the turns you're / you've taken i nthe recent times.  Friends will stick with you, until you start to drag their reputation into the ground as well.  Who wants to be known as "the friend of that cutter"?  The "emos friend", and other insults which will slander their names because of your poor choices?Maybe you should find something else to occupy yourself, rather than being stereotypical and cutting yourself.  Try being you, and not some label-puppet that becomes what bullies call you.I agree. I have gone through a somewhat similar situation.  And It most likely is cause of their reputation.  Its not cause their not true friends. It the cruelty of the world today. As for my situation, me and him are no longer friends. Not because of me ruining his reputation, but for an action that he did, almost causing me to lose the girl of my dreams. I agree with what Scribe said, you should find other ways to deal instead of cutting.
my friends all supported me at the start , but as it got worse and deeper i think it jjust became to much for them, but when my best mate said we cant ever talk again coz its too upseting i stopped that second coz i just loved hm too much to loose him to something lk cutting xx think about that? is a a few cuts to rid urself of the pain of that moment really better than lossing ur mates and the ones u love ? xx
the reason people getting addicte to cuttting is coz you hv to do it everytime u feel bad and if u stop the pain and sadness is so much worse than it wouldve been if u hadent of made that first cut xx
Maybe they don't like the turns you're / you've taken i nthe recent times.  Friends will stick with you, until you start to drag their reputation into the ground as well.  Who wants to be known as "the friend of that cutter"?  The "emos friend", and other insults which will slander their names because of your poor choices?Maybe you should find something else to occupy yourself, rather than being stereotypical and cutting yourself.  Try being you, and not some label-puppet that becomes what bullies call you.I agree. I have gone through a somewhat similar situation.  And It most likely is cause of their reputation.  Its not cause their not true friends. It the cruelty of the world today. As for my situation, me and him are no longer friends. Not because of me ruining his reputation, but for an action that he did, almost causing me to lose the girl of my dreams. I agree with what Scribe said, you should find other ways to deal instead of cutting.i dont agree , i think it is just too much for somepeople to understand , put urself in the oter persons shoes and imagine how u would feel if u knew someone was deliberatly hurting themselves xx i dont think it is that bad but i do see how other people might think so xx
if they truly care about you, they'll understand why you cut. true friends should stay by you threw the hard times and just love you for who you are. if they cant well maybe they arent woth your time. 

stay true to yourself.
If they were your friends they would try and figure out why you cut and they would try and help you. My 'friend' Lindsay saw my cuts and scars and she told me if I cut again that she would stop talking to me. I did and I found out who my real friends were.
well im not taking anysides but i get were your friends are coming from they just dont want you harming yourself, so thats why they said that, to try make you stop but that wont help becos if you do it again and they see it you might loose them and you might even get depressed becos you lost your friends and they will be the cause of that and it might get worst, and they should except who you are, you should tell them that, they would if there you real friends and if you want to stop cutting yourself its hard ino, but ask them to help you in a different way not by leaving you all alone becos it making it worst and they should be there for you when you need them
sorry if i didnt help
If they dont accept you
well then you can always make new friends on here
like ... ME!!!
thanks everyone! and everyone surely helped! =))
my friends are actually starting to accept who I am now =)
I just hope that one day, I can truly show hem who I am ^^
My friends saw too, and they didn't like it ether, but they never said they would stop being my friends
I'm sorry, but i have to say, if they r willing to stop a friend ship over that, then they r not very good friends. And if u do end up without those people, u will find more friends. True friends.
My grandmother, who I only met once in my 18 yrs, died yesterday.
They took her off life support and just let her go.
She was 88 yrs old...
she lived long wheter she lived with or wtihout regrets is beyond my comprhension, and others aswell,
but u look towards the future lingering in the past only harbgers bad feelings
with life comes death some want to die (*cough*me*cough*)
but at least shes resting in peace
a wish to die, is only a wish for damntation, change is inspired by life so life must continue
oh my
i am so very sorry about that
R.I.P
i know hat thats like, i've litterally watched my Nan die, slowly. i was so scared and up set. i was a mess
Hello everyone.
Im asking for advice and help.Recently ive been feeling very depressed and angry at the world. I get bullied and beat up at school, home is even worse. As some of you might know im a cutter, thats been getting worse too. I havnt eaten anything for over 20 days now and I hate the way I look. I dont know what to do anymore. Im getting a lot of help from Sarah and I love her soooo much that I cant put it into words. She's my light at the end of this deep dark tunnel. Im recently begining to have suicidal thoughts again, but thinking of Sarah will make them go away. Every day that goes by I can feel myself getting weaker. Please help me.
Im sorry you have to hear this Sarah. I was wanting to talk to you about this last night but you had to go.
our emotions are often difficult to deal with the only real way to battle them is to face them ask urself why u feel this way, then find out wat u can do to change it, find ind somthing worth fighting for and use that as a shield to block those emotions
You'd be dead if you actually didn't eat for 20 days.
he cld jst b drinkin  liquids its possible to survive. but u wld b rly weak. 

i say like punk301 said face ur emotions find where there coming frm try to change it.. 
and always always b able to tlk to sarah she is ur gf and u need to get through this with her. and dnt thnk of suicide u wld make her sad u need to thnk long term and try to get through. it will soon all come to b stand-able.
I havnt eaten at all, but I drink a lot. Everything bad from the past is coming back to haunt me and it wont go away. I have to work so hard at everything and even when I put my all into it I end up failing.
i know where ur coming from. i have the same problem but what takes it all away is expressing it by doing stuff like writing and stuff like that...
Yeah I write stuff. The only other way I express it is through how I act and am
ya same here my friends and parents r worried that im gonna do sumthing stupid but idk
Same. I shouldnt be saying this but everyone is worried about me. I almost commited suicide a couple nights ago.
ya i honestly attempted suicide a few times but sumthing always seems to be holding me back
Doug, try and keep your head held high. i know a lot of what your going threw but just dont starve yourself or anything like that.  remeber what i told you to do. kay? i hope it all works out.
thanks.
hey love. I told you it might be bad now. But everything will work out in the end. And if it's not worked out it's not the end it. Remember how i told you it slowly gets better. Well your a lot better now and i couldn't be prouder of you. I'm always here for you. You will never ever be alone. I love you 
i love you too 
well try going to a friends house or sarahs house
dont let those assholes at school get to you
You've also got to stop the cuttin i deal with a lot of my friends cutting themselves and it scares me a lot
and please start eating again for sarah she must be really scared for you right now
Just dont let your suicidal thoughts get in the way of your love for your girl.
Like you said sarah is your light at the end of that deep dark tunnel. 
Keep that light and lose that tunnel.
Also, the more you hurt yourself the more your hurting sarah
So just stop the cutting, Forget about those assholes, Start eating and get a hold of your life again and dont let anyone or anything get to you.
face them no matter how hard demons of the past will gnaw at u but u must face them aswell
Thank you all. I'll do my best to not let it get to me. Ive been talking to her all night and she is helping me the way i need to be helped
good
Past experiences, whether good or bad, have a way to change who we are and how we look at life from a new perspective. Have any past experiences changed you? If so, how? How does it it reflect who you are today?
past shapes the future,
we r all subject to change
I've had many from simple mistakes to terrible relationship to being beat or to even being abused every little event I'n ones life makes them a betters and stronger person I wouldn't mind sharing any of my past "events" I just need a topic to revoke it aroynd
with time comes the change of life moving forward,but is either complicated or simplified by specific variables in your path,whether it is from the past or in your future,change happens all around us whether we notice or not,its there and it shall be there till we meet our fateful end called death.
My past experiences vary from abuse to just plain bullying, but it's all behind me now. What are past experiences, really? In the end, they're just memories, whether good or bad. No matter how much they mean to you, they didn't, don't and won't mean a thing to the rest of the world, so why hang on to them? Even if they're good, they'll only hurt you in the end, because you didn't look towards tomorrow. I guess what I'm trying to say is that past experiences are in the past for a reason.
ya I had bad experiences from my past but there not much i can do about it now so why cry over it
Exactly
idk wat 2 do
so like my best friend since second grade is beginning to act like a slut and very obsessive over her boyfriend who shes gonna dump! it doesnt even seem like were friends anymore. i think were walkin seperate paths. should i just leave her and let her bcome a rebel slut or help her out and make her wear Hot Topic T's again? o, also, shes really fucken bitchy an said i was a poser. 
help
no one can truly answer this, its up to u to decide whether shes worth saving and u must let ur heart and mercy be ur guide
Poser.
thank  you Antix for another moment of trolling
one, thank u punk. and 2, wat the hell Antix? i liked the advice u gave me punk. i think it might help. thnx
i masturbate at least once a day...is that a lot? how often do you do it?
thats not a lot. i know ppl who do it like probably three times a day .
Everytime I get close to a guy and I start to fall for him, I tell him I cNt be friends with him, coz I always think they are going to leave me and i dont thik im strong enough for that. 

anyone else feel like that? 

any suggestions?

xxxxxxx 
I don't know what that's like personally, but there's a guy I know that has has done the exact thing before. He was hurt once VERY badly and he's afraid to get close to anyone because he doesn't want to get hurt like that again.

Was there a guy that hurt you in the past?
I don't know what that's like personally, but there's a guy I know that has has done the exact thing before. He was hurt once VERY badly and he's afraid to get close to anyone because he doesn't want to get hurt like that again.Was there a guy that hurt you in the past?no but there was a point when all my friends like turn against n left me so that might be it ...
It might be.

I have to go, but I'm here when you need me, pm me whenever you want to, I'm always here.
if i had to guess i say ur heart and feeling are in dissaray,
u need to sit down and think about ur feelings and have a heart to heart with urself and ask why u feel this way
I feel like that alot and that's what I'm  going through right now if you ever need some one to talk to you can message me about anything
Hello all. i have been cutting for almost 3 years and recently i have been making a serious attempt to stop for my girlfriend. i was doing good, but about 30 minutes ago i couldnt stop myself and i cut. 
i need some helpful advice and ways to cope besides cutting. btw im going back into depression and my gf is helping me out alot but when i cant talk to her (like at school and stuff) i fall into deep pits of sadness. i also burn myself but not as much. please help me

-Faris
oh god you shouldn't do that at all!
Some other things that my friend does besides cutting herself when she is depressed is that she either stings herself with a rubber band, drowns herself in music, punch a punching bag or she would just write
You should really stop that, its not healthy and you could hurt yourself really bad and when you do that you could hurt your girlfriend
i try that stuff. i try everything i possibly can and the urge is stil there. my gf knows about it and helps me out with it but at times when shes away like now i feel hopeless
well dont feel hopeless if you need someone to talk to when your gf isnt around im here to help.
Get rid of your cutting utensils, have someone hide them
i got rid of most of my razors and there will always be knives and stuff around
Don't think I don't know how you feel hun....
I dont know what to do. i try to forget there are even knives in the house but i go and get them anyways. i cant control it.
It took a lot for me to stop, I had a strong motive and that was recently...
its really hard to stop. i never realized how emotionaly dependant i became to cutting
Well, you have a girlfriend, right? And you love her?
Yes i love her more than anything
Well, picture cutting as your past lover. You want to get rid of it for her, right? Like forgetting about an ex and moving on.
alright i will. thats actually a really good idea
You're welcome. Glad I could help, here if you need to talk with an ex-cutter.
Oh and if i half numerous cuts an inch deep or more should i worry about them getting infected?
Try to keep them as clean as possible, you don't need to be TOO concerned but be cautious.
ok ill be catious. oh and can i pm you about something? i need to talk about something but im afraid to say it in public
Absolutely.
Thank you i appreciate it alot
I stoped coz i was loosing my friends , but if u are feeling depressed or just a little bit sad just go on a walk or a run it distracts me xxxx
i really miss my dad 
he was my everything and he was always here for me
he passed away on June 8 2007
ever since he left i feel so alone
somedays i dont even feel like im really here in my body
i feel like my soul is floating above me and watching the day go by
My mom doesnt want me anymore
she said im to much of a trouble and she doesnt want some daughter like me
i have no one in my family that i can love and trust because none of them love or trust me
i dream sometimes about him
but when i wake up 
i cry because i want that dream to be true 
i want my dad back
i want my life back
time is irreversible dwelling in the past will only open old wounds, if ur family no longer loves and trusts u then find somone who will, find that one person that will love u and treat u as u r: a beatiful person
im sorry bout ur lost.
and bout ur family.
and i cant say i understand cuz i have not bn stuck in dat situation .. but i wld b terrified to lose my daddy is everythng to me im daddys girl.. 
but if u ever need to tlk u can tlk to me
I agree with punk.
my great grandma, i called her Grammy, she was my fav person on my mums side of the family. she passed away whn i was about... six, seven yrs old. ik how ya feel. it SUCKS 2 lose some1. but like Emogotchi Tommy, i agree with punk. dont dwell in the past. it only makez thingz worse.
if anyone needs emotional help, they are welcome to PM me, im told im very understanding so dont hold back if u need help
yes u r very understanding and helping me already lol
Well I've been browsing around the site and you all seem to know what to say so here it is. A close famiy member is dying and I don't know what to say to him. He has somewhere around a month to live. What to you tell a person who's dying? How do you look at them? Thanks for replying, if you do.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.

I personally haven't been around when my friend was dying, but all I can say is tell them how much you mean to them, that you love them. Spend as much time with them as you can.
I hope this works
her: I've been so hurt I felt nothing, went numb. It was kinda cool, not feeling pain. Even physical pain. And if I was feeling Eros all the time I think I... well I'd kill myself. 

me:come now love hurts bittersweet even if ur trapped with no light and nothing but urself u must never giv up life, life is the most powerful thing next hope and u must never giv up hope never

Her: and what good is life if it is meaningless? what good is ANYTHING if it is meaningless? or even worse. what if everyday you woke up and fell asleep in pain? pain so grueling no one could fix even if they wanted to? not that, of course, any one would want to. 

Me:id want to! given the chance, life has its purpose just as everything else does pain is a iliusion broadcasted from ur own fears and doubts i tell u hav none of them be happy and liv ur life tell uself everyday that today is the day im ready for greatness tell urself today is the day ill get up without pain!!today i will be happy!! 

Her:happiness doesnt work like that tho. neither does pain. and if you believe that life has purpose than you need to read The Black Tattoo and meet the Dragon. oh, and Godfrey. 

Me:life is not defined by writngs, or books, or anything life is wat u make it if u believe life is a pain then fine, but u remeber u chose pain pain only affects u if let it!! 

Her:HAH. so if I chop ur arm off it wont hurt? 

Me:ittl hurt for awhile then eventually ill mov on and rise from the pain and not let it overcome me 

Her:you mean eventually it will heal. perhaps, but you still wont have an arm now will you? . 

Me:no i mean i wouldnt let the pain overwhelm me, i could sit and cry everyday about how moch it hurts OR i could adapt and overcome 

Her: yeah well good for you. physical pain i have no problem with. its just I usually end up loving someone who either hurts me or doesnt want me at all. 

Me:i want u
love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
u are very well versed,she is lucky u were there
she does not even care i didnt post the rest
The aftermath
Her:yeah so did.... 8 other bfs i've had. 

Me:but am i like them? am i!? i care for u and would never hurt u id protect u from the very fires from hell id invade every place i had to just to ensure ur safety id doing anything to make u smile and id giv up everything to make u laugh 

Her: gee, you sound just like a few of them. 

Me:oh is that so i wonder how many were lieing .....hav i ever lied to u or r u so envleped in pain and darkness u cant look up and see the light
so deeep...it made me cry
your going to have to try hard if you want her to believe you,when lies mix with love the pain from it is overwhelming
ive had enough talk of pain for one night thx though
i dont blame you
well she still going ill post the rest if any one wants me too
how are u speaking to her by txt message?
im online
facebook IM
ohh,is she still being difficult?
here see for ur self

Her:how would I know if u were lying or not?I can only read Ian's mind, not yours

me: u dont need to, i vow if ever lie to u from this point i will condemn my immortal soul to the deepest pit in hell 

her:hmm a vow is just like a promise, which seem to get broken a lot 

me:A vow is more than a promise!!!
its written in the bible the very thing i treasure so much that if u break a vow u condemn urself with no chance of redemption, im literlly handing my soul into ur hands now its up to u u seem keen on making me giv up and agree with u, but ill never agree to something that engourages pain especially pain that hurts u 

Her:ah well see i dont believe in the bible sooo 

Me:YOU dont but i do and if u hav a shred of feelings for me u should show some compassion in wat i believe in and understand WHO I AM!!!

Her: okay okay calm down. i never said it was wrong i just said i dont believe in it and how can i know i can believe you if you are justifying your statements with something i dont believe in? 

Me:u dont need to belive in the bible u need to belive in me
hmmm,you seem to be coming across to her
i wish she just did a whole 360
wat happened now
her:but you're justifying yourself with the bible and anyways I've learned to believe no one, trust no one. maybe its just the darkness in me, but thats how i roll. 

me:thats how i used to be but maybe thats why u wake with pain casue u refuse to open ur heart.  

and after that she went offline
hmmm,she is gona be tough to help,she either really needs you or just doesnt want any kind of help
idknow
its just gona take time and your help thats gona get her to open up to you
hopefully thank you for ur advice but im going to sleep on it
your welcome,hope you can figure out a better way
me toof riend me too
I love it so much
thx :
no problem
wow....that bitch!!!!!!!!!!!!! im sorry hun....i cant believe she said dat!
its over now ive found the true light
yup!
u know alex uve  been there for me, and even though u may never read this im glad i broke up with her, cause truly it brought me to u,
i love you Alex
GOD!
I cant stop crying!!
My 3 year old cousin is in the hospital and the doctors said she might not make it!
Im not even allowed to see her :,(
i dont want to lose her, ive lost so much in my life and now im gonna lose my baby cousin *cries*
this isnt right
i wanna say something, but i'm not sure what i can say. i hope everything turns out for the better for you. if you want to talk, i'm here. -hugs-
Im here if you need someone hun
im here too.. im always here to tlk.. and i can feel wat ur goin through... my nephew and my neice who r my whole life .. (i help keep them and cant stand a day witout them two) were both n d hospital for a month (at different times) and they thought neither was going to make it.. i was so so sad got depressed and everythng.. my nephew lungs had collapsed and had sumthng srlsy wrng wit him.. my neice had sumthng wrng wit her throat dat everythime she ate and drank it went to her lungs.. and it was like drowning herself.. i was depressed until finally they got better.. and i truly hope ur cousin is okay.. i dnt wnt u to have to go trough dat depression.. so u can tlk to me netime im always here ..
Ive always been fascinated with others views on what happens when one passes away . so if you please can you give me your views =P . twould be much appreciated (:
i believe that we either go to total nothingness. or we are reincarnated
well i belive our souls go to some etenral resting place, and our body is recycled through the life force
i believe we go to heaven
Our bodies rot and the parasties that wonder down below~in the ground~ usually eat our bodies like maggots and other things in that matter.
Well I believe that you either go to heaven, or you go to hell. But my understanding of hell is nt a pit of flames but eteranal seperation from god, So if god is everywhere then the only thing hell could be is nothingness soo.... Either all or nothing I guess
Well thank you's for sharing =P . i would tell your mine but its a bit wierd =/
Well thank you's for sharing =P . i would tell your mine but its a bit wierd =/I think that after we die, we feel nothing. our thoughts are destroyed, so we cannot think of anything, or even acknowledge that we are destroyed. we are simply gonepls share us yours =))
Well thank you's for sharing =P . i would tell your mine but its a bit wierd =/i wnt to kno wat urs is??? it cant b to weird ..
okay well when we die i believe that your spirit stays in the ground and sleeps . when judgement day comes your spirit goes to what ever god/gods/godess/goddesses (you worshipped during while you where alive) "domain" or place or heaven or where ever you want to call it =P and you just live with them and fight for them and i think thats it. but if you believe in no god or gods you can just travell from which ever domain you want for a short period of time
c dat ant wierd .. atleast i dnt thnk so.. thats wat u thnk .. and watever sum1 thnks is never weird .. and im glad u tld me lol
makes sense i guess, heard a lot weirder stuff
I believe.....I believe in god and the holy trinity....I think if you aren't at peace with yourself and have a troubled mind you continue to stay on earth, lost from paradise. And I think if you accept life as it is....your become at peace. 
And go wherever and anywhere at the same time. 
But truly I think we'll never know until it happens. 
The dark truth about life is....you just don't know. You have to have blind faith that your entire existence wont be forever erased once your physical being is done with living.
Complete and utter darkness, most probably. That's what modern science tells me at least, and I'd rather believe in that than some two millena old religious ramblings. Appreciate life, it doesn't get any better than this.
i got no ideas..maybe we just stick around awhile...
I believe if we choose the right path our bodies die but our souls remain eternal in heaven with our lord or if u we choose the wrong we live our deepest pains and fears over and over again for eternity in a burning lake of fire and sulfur
okay well when we die i believe that your spirit stays in the ground and sleeps . when judgement day comes your spirit goes to what ever god/gods/godess/goddesses (you worshipped during while you where alive) "domain" or place or heaven or where ever you want to call it =P and you just live with them and fight for them and i think thats it. but if you believe in no god or gods you can just travell from which ever domain you want for a short period of timelol. its not weird! ^^I think its actually good =))
if only i knew....
I think we are reincarnated forgetting are memories and are old life's, but if you die without peace your soul stays in the bonds (but some souls suffer so much they lose there sane and travel around again and again) of earth tell you find your peace or the person who is holding your peace releases it .
The world may never know, hell, we may never know.
Wherever we go, it may be worth the wait.
Most of you are confusing what you believe with what you WANT to believe...At least that's what I want to believe, or human stupidity is greater than I ever thought. Not calling you stupid, ofc. ()
You Die and thats it!! Its the end! Its over!! Nothing more!!
true...
Our bodies rot in the ground.
True and true. We've got this life, then it's over!
just maybe!
i think you either go to heaven or your soul stays here and youre a ghosts. i once heard that in hell, you lose all abilities to do anything at all, you're just there doing nothing.
through out my whole life i live in fear of everything.
since i was a small girl i would always be touched and molested by my older cousin.
i didnt know it was wrong until i told my aunty
she made sure to keep me away from him.
One night he came into my room and he raped me. 
i was then put into a different area because of what happened and he was put into jail and he could never hurt me.
but im still scared.
its hard for me to trust people and i still have nightmares of that.
i dont know what to do anymore
i constantly think that he is gonna find me and hurt me some more
what can i do??
Don't live your life all paranoid
What he did was extremely wrong in every way!
but hes gone now
I know how you feel I will say I been threw something like that 
but I live me life smiling and having a good time with my friends
Don't let it get to you you are powerful and mighty don't breakdown take force
hey hes gone so everything will be fine....u maybe scared but just think he is in jail and isant getting out for a very long time...u have nothing to be worried about u have ur friends ur famly and me to go to if u ever need to talk...
My best friend wuz raped and i wuz there for him.i felt his pain i went throw his depression i throw everything with him.And he got over it,all u need is a trusting friend.u can trust me:)its ok.
through out my whole life i live in fear of everything.since i was a small girl i would always be touched and molested by my older cousin.i didnt know it was wrong until i told my auntyshe made sure to keep me away from him.One night he came into my room and he raped me. i was then put into a different area because of what happened and he was put into jail and he could never hurt me.but im still scared.its hard for me to trust people and i still have nightmares of that.i dont know what to do anymorei constantly think that he is gonna find me and hurt me some morewhat can i do?? I went through something involving rape.. it was very confusing and i didnt know what to do for awhile. then i finally realized how much i lost that night, Things he took from me. it shattered me.. sometimes i dont know what emotion everyone wants me to throw at them. they expect me to have one ready, one that fits their mood, one that fits their situations, but i dont know how to be there because i'm always thinking of that night, especially since i have to see that person everyday.. You should not be scared, you should feel strong. you have lived this far past what happened to you, you should feel on top of something that others usually dont have to fight. Don't let what happened to you then stay beating you! its over, You should feel like youv won since he's locked up. You survived... and if not i can always castrate him;) my answer for EVERY problem with a guy.. CASTRATION!!xD
the main thing is not let anger and resentment take u, when they do  u will be lost in etnernal depression
Heya, You can trust us lot  
If you wana chat then you know where I am
What came first.

The chicken or the egg..
The egg!
Chicken
EGG
EGG.

It cracks, like my heart after people approach me and spit in my eye.
CHICKEN.

cause chickens poo

Just like the people who poo all over my soul...
Kane, we seem to be in the same sinking boat.

Who poos on your soul?
Neither came first, they both magically appeared at the same time.
They were brought upon us by the great mystical being I call Eos.
Evolution bitch. xD

And i find it funny that this is one of the what, 6 topics in serious discussion. xD
Egg.... definately.
egg...because you can make breakfast. yum.
WTF?
This doesn't belong in Serious Discussions 

and
the chicken came first.
the chicken..

because god didn't make eggs, he made animals.

btw:
yes it does.. this matter is very inportent. (i may move this topic when ever i feel like it)
chicken

number 1 XD
the chicken was born as a chicken then come the eggs like Adam and Eve did start off as babies they came as adults then they made babies.(DUH)
Actually, now I think about it must have been the chicken, because it needed to evolve from something.
But the egg could have evolved from a rock or something...xD
well if you think of it this way; one egg or one chicken. then it would be the egg
if you have 2 chickens it would have to be a rooster and a hen, so it might just matter...because one egg wouldnt be able to populate, so i suppose in logical sence, against my own opinion, it would be the chicken.
u know wat? i really don't get that question or its importance!!  who cares if the chicken or the egg came first!  They're all here now and they don't look like they're going anywhere so I really don;t think it matter...its a major waste of the brain!
Well animals evolved from just simple cells since the begining of the earth itself...It couldn't evolve into an egg...So it's the chicken...Definatelly
egg
no Adam and Eve were made as adults, so I believe, though i could be wrong. 

chicken came first. how can you have an egg without a chicken to lay it?! plus, i believe God created all the animals.... not all the eggs...
chicken cause god created animals. 

plus chickens taste better.
The Damned came first.
the Chicken came first because if the egg came first how would the egg even hactch? it needs a chicken to hatch it. therefore the chicken came first.
Yeah, where did that chicken come from?
It probably came from a bird lol i dont know.
You're embarrasing yourself.
Idc i embarrass myself alot so what deal with it k
Least you're past the denial stage..
im a furry, embarasment comes with the territory
The egg came first, obviously. And here is my reasoning:Ok, first, I have to say I am not a believer in any form of almighty presence that created the universe (or earth with the small stars the rotate around it, depending on what religion you're talking about), but in the theory of natural selection (and before you start arguing about this, if you planned to, please have a look at this, as it is basically what my normal counter-argument is).So, since we know (or are at least assuming) that species change as slight mutations occur in each generation (simply put), the chicken has to, at some point, have not existed and have been something else (although, I have another idea about this debate in the next paragraph). So, at some moment, one of these mutations must have been what is, now, a chicken (although this is hard as there was no sudden changes). That means, the egg must have came first, as the egg was laid by the whatever-came-before-the-chicken-on-the-evolutionary-scale, and the egg hatched into a chicken.Idea 2, neither the chicken nor the egg became the "chicken" or the "egg" before man kind called them so. Therefore, which came first is based on what got named first.Feel free to complain/counter-discuss/ignore this post. I was bored.
the duck obviously.
Idea 2, neither the chicken nor the egg became the "chicken" or the "egg" before man kind called them so. Therefore, which came first is based on what got named first.Lol.But the word chicken only associates itself with the animal to help us categorize and label them, wouldn't that technically make the chicken exist before it was even defined by us?
Which leads back towards my original point/idea. lol
Ahhh!! Damn you all now I can't get it out of my head !! Ya btards hmph
lolwut
ahh well this is like asking if the cup is half full or half empty, but whats in the cup? is it sand, maybe gravil, is it blood? is it used in a sacrificial context.....

by this time they've said "nevermind, we'll ask someone else....."
I don't care what's in the cup, I'm happy enough just to have it.

If this world is hell, then the gods are truly merciful.
joke number 2, three blind mice walk into a bar, but are unaware of their surroundings, so to derrive humour from it, would be exploitative.

like this joke the question is pointless, there'll never be a correct awnser, there are two sides to every coin, one person says cake, tho other says pie.
I don't care as long as I eat the pie/cake.
Whoop whoop PIE!!
agh you see? I'm a cake person xP and this Is where a flame war erupts
PIE!!! But yeah cakes cool too I 
I don't care if you call it a cake or a pie. It does not change it's fundamental essence that defines it's existence.
you know I've never eaten pie in my life xP
Lolz I've only ever had apple pie  so I guess I do like cakes more cause they're damn well more sugary and I've had loads of different types haha XD
ther is a totaly logiqual anser :both the chikin and the egg apired at the same time and i ate them wilst criating fire to fry the egg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ther is a totaly logiqual anser :both the chikin and the egg apired at the same time and i ate them wilst criating fire to fry the egg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! .....*facepalm*
CHICKEN!!
cuz god i think always created animals or ppl not babyes or eggs
I refer back to the facepalm....
*facepalm*
it's the chicken *rolls eyes*, the egg is defined by what laid it, not the contents, a distant species similar to, but not the same as, the chicken would have lain an egg, that wouldn't have been a chicken egg since as stated it's defined by what lays it, but a chicken would've come out, THEN the chicken egg came.

it's still a jewelry box even if you stuff it with salad.

on the other hand if the chicken was never born from an egg but like other animals from that distant species (y'never know ) then once again it'd be the chicken first.

or go religious and once again, chicken first.

and finally  when the chicken was first discovered and named it this could be your definition of it coming first, since before then it would've just been a "thing", until named it can't have become the chicken  and they wont have named a chicken egg before the chicken itself.
so it wasn't a chicken until we decided to call it a chicken
and the chicken egg was only called a "chicken" egg cause it came from the
"chicken" in question.
yeah thats pretty much what he is saying... 

and WTF?!?!? you have never had a pie? ZOMGGG i had like 3 pies today @ skool!!

dude...eat a pie!!
and not an apple pie!
and uhh i thik its obvious that the chicken came first
I like cake not pie @:
yummmmmm pie 
ya dont know what urr missin out on buddie
the chicken was born as a chicken then come the eggs like Adam and Eve did start off as babies they came as adults then they made babies.(DUH)"god' isnt real.
god is real and she great (but if you confuse her with any other god from any religion I cut you throat.)
I'm not sure which god's you are going on about, but my main Gods are Odin and Loki.
Chicken came first, why?..it just did
hmmm eggs maybe XP
I'm not sure which god's you are going on about, but my main Gods are Odin and Loki.Shes my version of god.
cool.
dude it was the chicken or it could have been the egg. you need a chicken to make an egg. but you need a egg to make a chicken. its confuseing. :/
BOTH.
dont ask how or why. they came at the EXACT SAME TIME.
I've almost killed myself 2 times and he still doesn't know what he is putting me through. Is there something wrong with me? i haven't done anything to hurt him and he's hurting me. I cant take it anymore ... i dont know what to do anymore 
help??
im srry u feeling lik this if u want ucan PM me and we can talk 1 on 1
Maybe it's not you, maybe it's him. 
Your demise may seem like the right thing at first but it's not the answer.
Idk who 'he' is but 'he' needs to exit your life if it's causing u bodily harm
That sounds so much like what happened to me. 
It's not your fault. 
Never, ever let yourself think that.
Hang in there. I know it's hard, but what you want to do will not solve anything. Believe me, I know how tempting it is. I was hospitalized for trying to end my life when I was thirteen years old. As I fell off the roof, I immediately regretted it. 
You're a beautiful person. You'll get through this. 
We're here for you.
this is something i should of told him wen i had the chance. 

i could never be without you, it would kill me on the inside and maybe then.... it might kill me.... on the outside too.
please tell me your thoughts on this
Why don't you tell him now?
yea wnt dnt u tell him .. i say he shld kno how u feel ..
u speak from the heart
i want too but hes away at rehab for 15 months in a different state and cant have any contact with anyone back home
Did u guys know that Uganda is killing all there openly homsexual people to lower their countries HIV rate? Wat do u guys think about this? I think its terrible becuz gay people arnt the only 1s that pass around STDs.
What the hell? Fuck homophobic Uganda!
They are making it so that being gay is against the law there and they get death penalty if they are get caught. 
What the fuck???? That's fucked up! 
It is.Im pretty sure they arnt arnt the only country who does this either. I will further my research.
Iran is doing that too I think.
Thats fucking bull shit. Theres nothing wrong with gay's at all. Pricks. i think they should just throw condoms all out into the street for all to use or they can just not have sex the horny bastards.
thats wat im saying.
its  africa, they enslave there own kind, its still in a midevil mind set, and the only way to change them is to join the un and go fight
thts totally not right.....not only gay ppl hav hiv.....its just basically stereotypical 
Did u guys know that Uganda is killing all there openly homsexual people to lower their countries HIV rate? Wat do u guys think about this? I think its terrible becuz gay people arnt the only 1s that pass around STDs.duuude, that shits fucked.
Have any of you brainless zombies ever thought that some countries just hate gay people, and aren't afraid of them?  Phobe = Phobia.  Phobia = fear.

hatred is hatred.

Each country will deal with a problem, just because you're raised in a country that is beginning to give everyone everything that they demand, does not mean that what another country does is wrong.

sometimes you do have to make drastic measures to answer for a problem incredibly out-of-control.

yes, gays aren't the only ones that contract and give it out, but yes it is a problem nonetheless.  Now the question is, are they killing ONLY gays, or people in general spreading these diseases and knowing it?  Please, get your story and facts right next time, and as well, do not immediately claim a type of people or country is some pitiful insult such as "homophobic".  It's quite stupid if you have to call somebody a name just because you happen to disagree with their course of action rather than approaching it straight-headed and logically.
Also the reaspn why they blame gay people for their HIV population is because HIV was first started from Gay guys then it made its way around. Well at least thats wat my health teacher is. Case is though that they shuld stop focusing where it started and start looking at it from a whole.
Have any of you brainless zombies ever thought that some countries just hate gay people, and aren't afraid of them?  Phobe = Phobia.  Phobia = fear.hatred is hatred.Each country will deal with a problem, just because you're raised in a country that is beginning to give everyone everything that they demand, does not mean that what another country does is wrong.sometimes you do have to make drastic measures to answer for a problem incredibly out-of-control.yes, gays aren't the only ones that contract and give it out, but yes it is a problem nonetheless.  Now the question is, are they killing ONLY gays, or people in general spreading these diseases and knowing it?  Please, get your story and facts right next time, and as well, do not immediately claim a type of people or country is some pitiful insult such as "homophobic".  It's quite stupid if you have to call somebody a name just because you happen to disagree with their course of action rather than approaching it straight-headed and logically.There killing all gays whether they have an STD  or not. They dnt really care as much for they strait people.
Have any of you brainless zombies ever thought that some countries just hate gay people, and aren't afraid of them?  Phobe = Phobia.  Phobia = fear.hatred is hatred.Each country will deal with a problem, just because you're raised in a country that is beginning to give everyone everything that they demand, does not mean that what another country does is wrong.sometimes you do have to make drastic measures to answer for a problem incredibly out-of-control.yes, gays aren't the only ones that contract and give it out, but yes it is a problem nonetheless.  Now the question is, are they killing ONLY gays, or people in general spreading these diseases and knowing it?  Please, get your story and facts right next time, and as well, do not immediately claim a type of people or country is some pitiful insult such as "homophobic".  It's quite stupid if you have to call somebody a name just because you happen to disagree with their course of action rather than approaching it straight-headed and logically.There killing all gays whether they have an STD  or not. They dnt really care as much for they strait people.I was honestly thinking you'd say more than just that when I made so many valid points which you blatantly ignore which really goes to show that you're only focusing on that one thing.Really, they aren't Nazi Germany and they aren't bombing us or sending us mail bombs, so why should we care what EVERY other country does, when there will ALWAYS be one that does things most people don't like?And again, simply calling them something that implies afraid-of, when it is probably just dislike or hate, is different.  Chances are it is one country that decided to not be so politically correct.Also the reaspn why they blame gay people for their HIV population is because HIV was first started from Gay guys then it made its way around. Well at least thats wat my health teacher is. Case is though that they shuld stop focusing where it started and start looking at it from a whole.Sometimes if you don't address where an issue began, you cannot get rid of a problem or problems that stemmed from it.  Saying we should ignore what originally caused something is really a disaster plan.  Why should we ignore an original cause?  Why should we forget history?  We shouldn't.
well im glad no one  took notice of wat i was saying
Yeah... That bit on the Nazis made me not proud to be a German :l Well us Germans are sorry :l
Bluh. I am focused on this 1 simple thing bcuz i had to write a 5 page paper on it dear. And i care wat goes on in every country bcuz its in our world and im part of the world. Then i ddnt respond to half that stuff u said bcuz im not trying to make an argument and 2 im a skim reader. I look at mpst details not everything.
common notion is you can't have everything the way you want it, especially in terms of the entire planet.  It's why we are separated by large bodies of water, entire continents, and even have smaller factions and land claims inside of those (states and other countries).

Simple, they are a country that finally decided to DEAL with a problem, instead of letting it run around uncontrolled, becoming every other countries problem.
Tue they are trying to deal with it but that is the wrong way. I just thought it was sad, i know there isnt anything i can do about it. ):
P.S I do like the afro guy, he had driven me around and bought me beer so I feel some friendship with him, if I didn't then I would be jumping on the opertunity to get this girl back.
if i were you id tell her to go away cuz as ive learned from experience if she hurt you once shell hurt you again dude
I say go for it. If it works out, it works out.
i say life is life and u never kno wat u can have if u dnt go for it.. so if u rly like her alot then go for it i say cuz u never kno how it can turn out it cld b d best thng n ur life but it cld also turn bad but hey u never kno until u try and its totally worth it.. so do wat u feel in ur heart... dats d best way to go..
go for it dude! an btw, are you basing ur friendship on beer and a few drives? no offense dude =)
Dude... gut instinct based on what you said? She's not worth the hassle :/ 
But its up to you
so i found out yesterday that my friend died on friday.
i knew her and her brother. it was sad she was only 14
Im sorry about your friend i feel you on that part.
yeah it pissed me off and at first i thought it was suicide but then i find out she could not breathe
life and death circle each other in a never ending balance
Oh shut up. That crap never helps. your just making it sound as if her death was nothing. (punk)
Im sorry but Punk has a point.. what his trying to say is she will live again but as someone diffrent
If you believe in reincarnation....
i personally do not belive in recarnation, but i do believe in wats real  wat i was saying is just as there is life there is death if we lingere in death then we forget the life, if we rely on life death strikes
Funeral is Wednesday
may they rest in peace
sorry
Oh shut up. That crap never helps. your just making it sound as if her death was nothing. (punk)I've read some of your posts, you're an idiot.By saying that Death is apart of life, doesn't mean that her death was excusable. It simply means that everyone dies.
hugs
*hugs* its okay. ino the feeling when my best friend left...
im sorry *hugs* .. if u need sum1 to tlk to i am here...
Hey

Well ive got a family that dont support me in the carrer i want to do , the music i listen to , the clothes and appearance i choose .. basically nothing about me. there always putting my choices down and always trying to change me. I hate them for it
That sucks, but think of it this way. Your what, like 16, 17?
You can always move out at 18 and go from there, you really don't ever have to talk to them again if you don't want to.
Hope that helps :]
Its the same thing for me!! My Parents hate everything I do and like But It doesnt matter what they like.....Just be Happy with who you are and what you like! Once your 18 gtfo of the house....And you wont have to worry about what they think about you and the things you like!! Just stand up to them.....Yeah it may be your parents but you cant always worry about what your parents think!
parents will always do this they've done to everyone for ever, and chances r ull do it to ur kids so cheer up
i agree wit punk301.. ur parents want u too b who they wnt u to b and u will proly do d same thng.. but hey ur bn who u wnt to b and bn happy so jst keep bn urself
i feel yah.  not only my family but some of my friends dont even support me.
u cant rely onothers to support u only u can support urself
Private Newell??? STFU.
Lmao...you named your penis...thats cool and funny at the same time...sooooo your gonna stick the ol' penis up there eh? Good luck.
TIP: DONT BE A FOOL, WRAP YOUR TOOL
Right, I'm 15, and I have been going out with a girl for near 6th months now and her birthday is coming up and we are planning to have sex for the first time.We've done other things but I've never shoved Private Newell (He's a private because he hasn?t got any combat experience yet, and Newell, cause I like the name) up there, I am not looking for any tips I've got enough info on that but what I need to know is how she is likely to react, and is there anything I can do to calm her down if something goes wrong. I've heard stories about girls going into tears and never wanting sex again and I really want to avoid that.So tips like, should I use Lube, and the like. ok, i know i just posted sooo many times, but your username is gross....please dont tell me your girlfriend's name is windy
good luck man! hahaha! and listen to randomgirl:)
Right, I'm 15, and I have been going out with a girl for near 6th months now and her birthday is coming up and we are planning to have sex for the first time.We've done other things but I've never shoved Private Newell (He's a private because he hasn?t got any combat experience yet, and Newell, cause I like the name) up there, I am not looking for any tips I've got enough info on that but what I need to know is how she is likely to react, and is there anything I can do to calm her down if something goes wrong. I've heard stories about girls going into tears and never wanting sex again and I really want to avoid that.So tips like, should I use Lube, and the like. oh, hey try those fire and ice condoms...the commercials says it'll blow your mind.
lmfao @ Randomgirl
and yeah dude... dont forget the condom(s)! lmfao! its NEVER a good idea to have unprotected sex.... trust me..i kno TOO MANY ppl... that have done that... theyre NOT happy! 
and as for lube.. no need... but yeah HAVE FUN FUCKING!!! lol...(gotta love Dane Cook)
ahahhahahahah!!!!!!!!!! yeah randomgirl those trojan condoms r said to rock it!hahaha!!!!!!!!!!!
Right um, thank you for all this very helpful and completly on topic information.
remember kid. Ribbed, for her pleasure. xD
only thing i have to sayy issss CONDOMMM!!!!!!!! haha you dont want any little newell's running around up in there haha
:)lol
i would say not to do it... i did with my ex bf and it ruined the relationship, but then again that was us, but it has happened to all of my friends and family, so i say that if you really love her you don't do it and ya'll just be patient and wait. if you truly love each otehr and ya'll KNOW ya'll will be married in the future then just save yourselves and wait to give that gift to each other, cause if you do it now theres a fairly high chance you will break up and regret it, but if ya'll wait til marriage it will have so worth the wat... 
but i CANNOT stop you, and if you are going to do it be as careful as possible, i recommend a condom of course and well birth control is her choice, but i DO NOT recommend it, at all
What the hell, kid?

For you, it will feel warm and soft. For her, it will feel like something is being shoved up inside her. You really don't feel much. And since it's your first time, you'll cum in less than a minute and she won't be satisfied, but she'll bleed all over the place.

So afterwards, she'll be in pain, and you'll be in la la land.
i still recommend no, but go ahead don't listen to me and if ya'lls relationship last without major problems then you've been blessed
Ignore Elmo.
Have sex.
Loose your virginity.

How do you know if you like the product if you've never tested it?
Ignore Elmo.Have sex.Loose your virginity.How do you know if you like the product if you've never tested it?Yes ignore the one who's had the experience, yes ignore the one who is trying to give you good sensible advice and keep both of ya'll from getting hurt... ignore the one only trying to do the best she can to care about others on here, fuck don't listen to me if i'm such an idiot, but i know sex is NOT something to rush into, that is a promise
I Agree with you Elmo
I Agree with you Elmothank you hun  it's nice to know SOMEONE in this thread isn't being so bitchy
Ignore Elmo.Have sex.Loose your virginity.How do you know if you like the product if you've never tested it?Yes ignore the one who's had the experience, yes ignore the one who is trying to give you good sensible advice and keep both of ya'll from getting hurt... ignore the one only trying to do the best she can to care about others on here, fuck don't listen to me if i'm such an idiot, but i know sex is NOT something to rush into, that is a promiseThat's dumb. Sex is just sex. I love how you assume that you're the only one on this site who's ever had sex, lmao. How old are you? Who cares if they get hurt, its a natural part of life. Get over it.
Ignore Elmo.Have sex.Loose your virginity.How do you know if you like the product if you've never tested it?Yes ignore the one who's had the experience, yes ignore the one who is trying to give you good sensible advice and keep both of ya'll from getting hurt... ignore the one only trying to do the best she can to care about others on here, fuck don't listen to me if i'm such an idiot, but i know sex is NOT something to rush into, that is a promiseThat's dumb. Sex is just sex. I love how you assume that you're the only one on this site who's ever had sex, lmao. How old are you? Who cares if they get hurt, its a natural part of life. Get over it.sex is just sex?? no it's not! it's something special and it's important to save that because what if one day you find someone you think would've been worthy of your first time and you screwed it all up by starting early and you regret it.. and yes getting hurt is natural, but we still do as much as we can in our power to avoid it don't we! no i know i'm not the only one on here who has had sex, but i'm sure that there are still plenty of people who wish they had waited.. oh and if you want to know my age it should be on my account dumb ass!
Ignore Elmo.Have sex.Loose your virginity.How do you know if you like the product if you've never tested it?Yes ignore the one who's had the experience, yes ignore the one who is trying to give you good sensible advice and keep both of ya'll from getting hurt... ignore the one only trying to do the best she can to care about others on here, fuck don't listen to me if i'm such an idiot, but i know sex is NOT something to rush into, that is a promiseThat's dumb. Sex is just sex. I love how you assume that you're the only one on this site who's ever had sex, lmao. How old are you? Who cares if they get hurt, its a natural part of life. Get over it.sex is just sex?? no it's not! it's something special and it's important to save that because what if one day you find someone you think would've been worthy of your first time and you screwed it all up by starting early and you regret it.. and yes getting hurt is natural, but we still do as much as we can in our power to avoid it don't we! no i know i'm not the only one on here who has had sex, but i'm sure that there are still plenty of people who wish they had waited.. oh and if you want to know my age it should be on my account dumb ass!No its not. Its apart of nature, you were put on this planet to mate and then die. Do animals wait to have sex because of some special reason, no. Oh wait, we are also part of the animal kingdom, who would have thought.
Ignore Elmo.Have sex.Loose your virginity.How do you know if you like the product if you've never tested it?Yes ignore the one who's had the experience, yes ignore the one who is trying to give you good sensible advice and keep both of ya'll from getting hurt... ignore the one only trying to do the best she can to care about others on here, fuck don't listen to me if i'm such an idiot, but i know sex is NOT something to rush into, that is a promiseThat's dumb. Sex is just sex. I love how you assume that you're the only one on this site who's ever had sex, lmao. How old are you? Who cares if they get hurt, its a natural part of life. Get over it.sex is just sex?? no it's not! it's something special and it's important to save that because what if one day you find someone you think would've been worthy of your first time and you screwed it all up by starting early and you regret it.. and yes getting hurt is natural, but we still do as much as we can in our power to avoid it don't we! no i know i'm not the only one on here who has had sex, but i'm sure that there are still plenty of people who wish they had waited.. oh and if you want to know my age it should be on my account dumb ass!No its not. Its apart of nature, you were put on this planet to mate and then die. Do animals wait to have sex because of some special reason, no. Oh wait, we are also part of the animal kingdom, who would have thought.but we ARE NOT animals we are human beings who are NOT put on this earth just to mate and die! we were put here to do so much more then that, we were out here to love and prosper but obviously since all you care about is sex then why don't you get off, screw your ten guys for the night and, go to you annual monthly STD check up, and leave us alone you slut
Yes ignore the one who's had the experience, yes ignore the one who is trying to give you good sensible advice and keep both of ya'll from getting hurt... ignore the one only trying to do the best she can to care about others on here, fuck don't listen to me if i'm such an idiot, but i know sex is NOT something to rush into, that is a promiseThat's dumb. Sex is just sex. I love how you assume that you're the only one on this site who's ever had sex, lmao. How old are you? Who cares if they get hurt, its a natural part of life. Get over it.sex is just sex?? no it's not! it's something special and it's important to save that because what if one day you find someone you think would've been worthy of your first time and you screwed it all up by starting early and you regret it.. and yes getting hurt is natural, but we still do as much as we can in our power to avoid it don't we! no i know i'm not the only one on here who has had sex, but i'm sure that there are still plenty of people who wish they had waited.. oh and if you want to know my age it should be on my account dumb ass!No its not. Its apart of nature, you were put on this planet to mate and then die. Do animals wait to have sex because of some special reason, no. Oh wait, we are also part of the animal kingdom, who would have thought.but we ARE NOT animals we are human beings who are NOT put on this earth just to mate and die! we were put here to do so much more then that, we were out here to love and prosper but obviously since all you care about is sex then why don't you get off, screw your ten guys for the night and, go to you annual monthly STD check up, and leave us alone you slutOh you. You are really judgemental, you cannot prove any statement you've said, and yet you keep them saying them. Its as if, no it is. You are close-minded.
the fuck! this bitch keeps going! Get the scribe and get her out of here! get out of the puddle bitch!
That's dumb. Sex is just sex. I love how you assume that you're the only one on this site who's ever had sex, lmao. How old are you? Who cares if they get hurt, its a natural part of life. Get over it.sex is just sex?? no it's not! it's something special and it's important to save that because what if one day you find someone you think would've been worthy of your first time and you screwed it all up by starting early and you regret it.. and yes getting hurt is natural, but we still do as much as we can in our power to avoid it don't we! no i know i'm not the only one on here who has had sex, but i'm sure that there are still plenty of people who wish they had waited.. oh and if you want to know my age it should be on my account dumb ass!No its not. Its apart of nature, you were put on this planet to mate and then die. Do animals wait to have sex because of some special reason, no. Oh wait, we are also part of the animal kingdom, who would have thought.but we ARE NOT animals we are human beings who are NOT put on this earth just to mate and die! we were put here to do so much more then that, we were out here to love and prosper but obviously since all you care about is sex then why don't you get off, screw your ten guys for the night and, go to you annual monthly STD check up, and leave us alone you slutOh you. You are really judgemental, you cannot prove any statement you've said, and yet you keep them saying them. Its as if, no it is. You are close-minded.why should i be open-minded to ANYTHING you have posted????? your the negative influence and the one annoying everyone. and yeah sure i can be judgmental but hey i'm pretty sure i'm not the only one who has had the same thoughts in their minds
Why is there a big argument on every thread? maleedawl is right , sex is just sex , Sure , it's good if you love her , but don't get sex mixed up with love . different things . I'd say go for it if you're both ready , but if you see even a hint of hesitation in her eyes, stop .Just a note , Humans are animals .
Why is there a big argument on every thread? maleedawl is right , sex is just sex , Sure , it's good if you love her , but don't get sex mixed up with love . different things . I'd say go for it if you're both ready , but if you see even a hint of hesitation in her eyes, stop .Just a note , Humans are animals . not what i meant by we're not animals, 'cause yeah we are, but we aren't just meant to mate and die, if so then why do we have civilizations? we're meant for more, that's m opinion
Why is there a big argument on every thread? maleedawl is right , sex is just sex , Sure , it's good if you love her , but don't get sex mixed up with love . different things . I'd say go for it if you're both ready , but if you see even a hint of hesitation in her eyes, stop .Just a note , Humans are animals . not what i meant by we're not animals, 'cause yeah we are, but we aren't just meant to mate and die, if so then why do we have civilizations? we're meant for more, that's m opinion You really don't like to be proven right, do you? I've noticed if someone objects to you, you either try and shut them down with your illogical statements, or you agree with them and try to bring them to your point of view./facepalm
SHUT UP BTW YOU LOOK LIKE AND UGLY FISH LIKE A TROUT LMAO
SHUT UP BTW YOU LOOK LIKE AND UGLY FISH LIKE A TROUT LMAOYour comebacks are so clever.
HAHA BUT ITS TRUE YOU LOOK LIKE SOME UGLY FISH THAT HAS HOOKS IN ITS MOUTH ITS DISGUSTING
Why is there a big argument on every thread? maleedawl is right , sex is just sex , Sure , it's good if you love her , but don't get sex mixed up with love . different things . I'd say go for it if you're both ready , but if you see even a hint of hesitation in her eyes, stop .Just a note , Humans are animals . not what i meant by we're not animals, 'cause yeah we are, but we aren't just meant to mate and die, if so then why do we have civilizations? we're meant for more, that's m opinion You really don't like to be proven right, do you? I've noticed if someone objects to you, you either try and shut them down with your illogical statements, or you agree with them and try to bring them to your point of view./facepalmi'm not trying to make them agree dumb ass, its MY OPINION, didn't you read that part??? no one has to agree and i don't have to agree with them. if i wanted an agreement you would have seen the words oh yeah yeah your right, besides you haven't even seen me argue with anyone else but you so how do you even know anything?? oh wait, you dont
HAHA BUT ITS TRUE YOU LOOK LIKE SOME UGLY FISH THAT HAS HOOKS IN ITS MOUTH ITS DISGUSTINGThen don't look.Easy task, I'm sure even you could manage it.
you know what else is an easy task???? LEAVING!!! you are unwanted, you are stupid as hell, you are too negative, and you are just plain out a bitch who needs to get over her self esteem issues and not try to bring others down to her level of stupidity
Um, ok. Thank you then but so far I've only gotten some real advice for what I asked from that fish lady, but thank ya'll anyway.
my advice is go with ur heart
n ur gut!
I think thats Elmo is right, and about sex... mmm i would say that sex is not just sex... sex is the highest state of love... but thats my opinion  

 if u gonna do it use condom!
Like i said before kid, if you manage to have sex and keep a good steady relationship with no major problems then you have truly been blessed
elmo always know the right thing to say:D thats y we love elmo!
Lol why thank you, but i'm just as clueless as the next person at times
Right, I'm 15, and I have been going out with a girl for near 6th months now and her birthday is coming up and we are planning to have sex for the first time.We've done other things but I've never shoved Private Newell (He's a private because he hasn?t got any combat experience yet, and Newell, cause I like the name) up there, I am not looking for any tips I've got enough info on that but what I need to know is how she is likely to react, and is there anything I can do to calm her down if something goes wrong. I've heard stories about girls going into tears and never wanting sex again and I really want to avoid that.So tips like, should I use Lube, and the like. oh, hey try those fire and ice condoms...the commercials says it'll blow your mind.like she said.. me and my bf used they fire and ice condoms their great lol.. but frm experience of my 1st time.. u jst need to show her dat u care and u wnt intentionally try to hurt her..and let her feel comfortable wit tlkn to u bout it all and askn questions..let her have it like she wnts it..
ok, kid just go with what ur heart tells you, but honestly from my own exprience from my first time, my bf left me 4 days after our first time (my first time) and i was heart broken, but i hope that if you do decied to have sex, use a condom and birthcontrol if she wants. you can never be to careful, trust me i know, i almost had a lil me running around. BUT BE SAFE!!!!! and the fire and ice condoms are fucking amazing!

ok, kid just go with what ur heart tells you, but honestly from my own exprience from my first time, my bf left me 4 days after our first time (my first time) and i was heart broken, but i hope that if you do decied to have sex, use a condom and birthcontrol if she wants. you can never be to careful, trust me i know, i almost had a lil me running around. BUT BE SAFE!!!!! and the fire and ice condoms are fucking amazing!yes like she said b safe.. ive almost had a mistake too.. but thnk god i didnt.. jst b safe... make it special
I think this might make you all laugh (A husband and wife were trying to set up a new password for their computer. The husband puts 'mypenis' in, and the wife falls on the ground laughing because it said "Error: Not long enough.")
I think this might make you all laugh (A husband and wife were trying to set up a new password for their computer. The husband puts 'mypenis' in, and the wife falls on the ground laughing because it said "Error: Not long enough.")hahahahhahahaha.. nice...
I am done with giving my heart to others when all they do is just stomp on it over and over.I've learned my lesson now...i should never fall in love easily and i shall never ever fall in love again or trust anyone 'cause whats the point in falling in love or trusting in someone if all they're ever going to do is stab you in  the back? amazing how others dont want their hearts broken or betrayed yet there they go destroying other's hearts and trust.
Hm. Very true. But since your young (guessing) I'd suggest finding the right one no matter what, because once you hit the age of 21, those people will be with someone else. I've been hurt many times before. Hasn't stopped me yet.
my whole life has been one effing betrayl then i decided like u, that i would shut myself away and never let myself be exposed, that path leads u down a dark and lonely road,
and u ask urself in the end is this wat i want?, so my advice to u is not too shut urself out its lonely and more than often(lik with me) no one cares,
now i suspect that som one just hurt u why dont u pm me and well talk about it alright?
alright.
dont worry ull find someone who cares about you for you. dont sa ythat ur givimg up forever. i said that ince adn even tho im still looking i know my perfect emo boy is out there
iv never thought that id actually be on here posting this kind of thread but i need help,
its getting really hard for me and i dont know wat do anymore, my emotions are spiraling out of control, i find myself fighting of all of my old fears and resentments, and in the midst it seems noone even cares about me, som one anyone plze i need help
im so sorry hun... i want to help, what can i do???
i wish i knew, how do u deal with a verbal abusing parent,
and school, while trying not to break a girl's heart, and wrry about a test results that ur future depends on
oh sweetie i'm so sorry... idk what to tell you, but if you don't want to break her heart then don't, and as for your parents, they may be your parents but they can't ever know you like you know yourself so their words shouldn't matter over yours
I get what you mean about the parents, just try and do what they say and stay out of their way or get out of the house if possible. with the emotions just try to find way to get rid of them, e.g, draw, play guitar, skate, exercise, anything that works. Hope this helped, it worked for me.
keep ur head up bud,ive been and might still be where u are right now and i just want u to know,it does get better....the day u least expect it,it gets better.....it will...dont give up now.i promise u,it will be all good.Do things you enjoy and get a good laugh out of things and most importantly stay urself,no matter what happens....
oh sweetie i'm so sorry... idk what to tell you, but if you don't want to break her heart then don't, and as for your parents, they may be your parents but they can't ever know you like you know yourself so their words shouldn't matter over yoursno the girl likes me but i dont really lik her, well most of the depression has blown over, and things are back to normal thank u evryone
its ok, shane, lots of ppl care about u, please dont forget that
couldnt if tried
i wish i knew, how do u deal with a verbal abusing parent,and school, while trying not to break a girl's heart, and wrry about a test results that ur future depends oni get wat u mean bout the verbal abusing parents mines ant dat horrible but is hard to deal wit.. and im always so emotional .. and i try to b happy so my bf can b happy to wen were together.. and school i stress completely out bout it.. i always wish i cld b better.. ... but if u have ur grl  try tlk to her dats wat she is there for .. and im here to tlk
Well, something big happened to me last night...something I never want to expirience again.

First of all, I had gotten one of the best bits of news of my life (so far) a few weeks ago...my girlfeind was pregnant, or more then likely pregnant anyway. Pregnant with my baby...

Shocked, yet happy, out of my mind, I was lookng rather happy in the days that would follow, even at school. I had a lot going on at the time, and the thought of me being a father really made my heart flutter and made it easier to go about my days, living through all the drama. I hadnt even complained once. However last night nearly darkened my life more then anything ever has, and hopefully ever will.

My girlfriend had gone to the docter to see for sure if she was pregnant, even though she had already been expiriencing the symptoms of it...As I said before, I was excited out of my mind...up until the middle of the day, when my heart sank more then it ever has before while I was at school. I knew something was wrong.

As soon as I came home I grabed the phone and dialed my gf's number. She answered with a heavy voice, teling me she had bad news.She gave off at first that she was disappointed from her tone, and I was too because I thought she was going to tell me that she just wasnt pregnant.

She wasnt simply disappointed, she was just out of tears for the moment. As it turns out, the docter told her, she WAS pregnant...not is, was...You see, I didnt fully understand at first but then she told me the dark, painful news the docter had given her...she HAD been pregnant....up until the point where the baby was lost....



There's not even a word to describe how distraught with misery I was. Even worse was when I had to say, admit the truth to myself. I had to tell my concience the question it was asking so frequently in my mind, "What happened? Why do you scream with such inner sorrow?"


I replied, I screamed out loud, I confessed.... "I've lost my child! My first child! I've lost my baby!"


I cried with a pain that felt so terrible the stone hearted fates themselves might have even shed a few tears for me and my love's lost baby.

My parents, who know nothing of the incident, were lied to  by me in orde r to keep my hellish torment from spreading to them as well. I cried on my father's shoulder for the first time in my life last night, not keeping anything but the real reason for my sorrow bottled up inside.

I bade them leave for church (thats they were going in the first place) without me so that way I could mourn with my gf. After they had left something better happened...the phone rang...it was the docter. As it turns out, my gf had what was called Ghost sypmtoms, which basically means that her body thought it WAS pregnant, and that meant that our baby didnt die.....it just wasnt there.

Right now Im wondering what I would ever do with myself if I lost my baby for real. Would I have been able to live with it?....




No, I dont think I would've....


What do you guys think?
That whole thing, just kind of left me speechless.
I had a million things to say when I first started and now, nothing.
I don't want to say sorry because I'm sure you don't want my pity, and I have none.
For some reason I have respect for you even though I don't know you.
I guess it was the whole father thing, especially because I lost mine.
Parents who lose their children, well some of them choose to let it take them over, others know that there are things in life that they have to stay and live for.
They don't get over it, but they learn to live with it.
My gma and gpa are like that now.
They are in their 50's and their son, my father, of only 37 died not even 5 months ago.
He was their first born.
He was the older brother to 2 boys.
Yea life is really really hard.
And I know what it was like to see the devastation on my grandparents faces when they were there.
I thought for sure one of them was going to say goodbye from heartbreak.
But they are moving on, not getting over it, but learning to deal with it.
If they would have lost him at a younger age, who knew what might have happened. I'm sure things would have been about the same.
You never get over a tragedy, you only learn to live with it.
And I hope, that if what happened was real, that that's what you would have done.
It was not real. As I said I lost no child to death....but that doesnt mean that it doesnt still sting me to my very core to even thing about it. I love  my girlfriend, this I know without a doubt. And I love my daughter, my son, even though they're not born into this world yet. I couldn't live without them should that ever happen I dont think. The only real person I have right now is my gf, she's the only one who knows EVERYTHING about me, because I cannot tell anything else to anyone. Opening up is not an option, and that is why I need my girlfriend, I NEED my children... I would die for either, I do not care to risk my life for them, wether i want to die or not.
I'm scared because today my half-brother is being released from jail... I live in Mississippi and he's in jail in Louisiana, but I'm afraid he might come back here and start some more trouble!!! He was put in prison for domestic abuse and a bunch of other stuff in Louisiana... He did drugs and all sorts of things and mine and his dad told him to leave or quit so my half-brother went to live with his mom in Virginia and he had to leave from there because there were warrants for his arrest... He tried to kill our neighbor and our uncle... I have nightmares about him killing me sometimes. He says that I stole his dad away from him... When I was younger I had to get my teacher to ask the office who was checking me out of school because my mom was scared he would do something to me.... I'm just scared he still wants to hurt me!! I'm glad he won't be able to come here for awhile because he's on probation and has to get permission from his probation officer first hopefully his prob officer won't grant him the right to come visit us...
ohh hunn idk wat to say:/....i wish u the best....hope tht u never hav to deal with him again!!!!!
I'm not sure what to say, but I understand why you would be scared.
Sometimes I feel that my worst fear is being scared, so I did something about it.
Take a self defense class.
That way when you do feel scared, you know you can defend yourself.
I'm sure he wouldn't go out of his way just to hurt you but I don't know your half-bro.
I hope that you never have to run into him.
i have some shit going on in my life and the only way i can run away is by killing myself. i have everything planed. the funeral, the songs, who gets what, letters to people. i have a will written out.

i just want to run away. i dnt think i can handle the shit thats going on. im so confused and everything thats right is wrong, up is down and back is front. i cant take things much longer.

i just dont know what to do
Don't do it or talk about this shit on here because that will get you banned trust me. That and think about the family and friends you have how they will fell don't leave cut your self or something but don't kill yourself
You keep trying even if you're barly making it...
Keep fighting..
agreed Erika,agreed.... KEEP YOUR HEAD UP!!
Evil_Vampire, i know what can happen. my friends will have to deal with it and as for my family...they dont trust me, dont care and we're not all that close.

Erika and Emocute, a girl can try but for how long...idk
don't do it i know how u feel i wnt 2 kill myself to but i wont there is still 3 reason i live 
1:leslie
2:slipknot,caliban
3:starting my own band
find reasons 2 live like me
If feeling down or feeling like you want to do suicide/self harm please visit and talk to these people they will give you professional help which we can not offer.Places to acquire helpUK ~ Samartans - In the UK dial 08457 90 90 90.In the Republic of Ireland dial 1850 60 90 90.USA ~ Hope Line - 1 800 SUICIDE begin_of_the_skype_highlighting              1 800 SUICIDE      end_of_the_skype_highlighting (784 2433)Suicide Prevention Lifeline - 1-800-273-TALK (8255)Rest of The WorldLifeline InternationalBefrienders (Support by the Samaritans)
My brother just told my parents that I'm emo and my mom said that he told her that all 'emos' commit suicide, do drugs, etc and now she thinks I'm doing all that!...I've only commited suicide ONCE! And my grandmother keeps telling my mom that I must start going to church and she needs to take away my 'devil music' (screamo) or I'm going to rot in hell! 
So now my parents are all paranoid and are thinking about 
sending me to some mental insitution or something!
And to make it worst my mom saw my scars and she thinks I self harm...
I do, but I didn't put ALL those scars there and I tried to tell her half of them 
were by my brother and his friends! But she thinks I'm lying! 
And it's all happening so fast! I wish the clock would just freeze so I could breathe.
if you just agree to go to church they'll lighten up a bit
and i dont mean to be critisizing or wat not.....but lighten up on the makeup a bit too.... not that it doesnt looke good, but they see it as bad.... and i hate saying this but if you wear all black try a little color.... (i promise im not trying to be mean at all, but all of that worked for me)
if you just agree to go to church they'll lighten up a bitand i dont mean to be critisizing or wat not.....but lighten up on the makeup a bit too.... not that it doesnt looke good, but they see it as bad.... and i hate saying this but if you wear all black try a little color.... (i promise im not trying to be mean at all, but all of that worked for me)Thanks, I'll try, but I'm not so sure about the church thing, well I guess it's just the church I'm gonna have to go to *shivers*
Church is cool, helps you get through your life better, can give you a feeling of being part of somthing bigger than yourself. Don't know why folk give it a bad rap but oh well, only an hour a week can go a long way in giving you that warm fuzzy feeling inside.
Church sucks! it's just a religion based on something ppl made up to blame stuff to .
personally im a christian,
but i dont believe in orgainized religion, so id a appreciate if u lay off insulting it,
but if u must go to church its not as bad i dont lik it but somtimes it helps
I'm christian too.
thats how my parents where(are). its okay,just stay true to urself,u know who u r,what u do n dont do.its all good,just breath!
Listen, if it violates your family will become your life most miserable than you imagine and will enter in the case of depression awesome try to satisfy all parties and talk with each person individually and a private individual, which affects the others that the individual will affect the rest and if that does not work To try to be consistent with the circumstances of any you do what you want in privacy and complete Being obedient girl in front of your family
.
personally im a christian,but i dont believe in orgainized religion, so id a appreciate if u lay off insulting it,but if u must go to church its not as bad i dont lik it but somtimes it helpsif this were facebook id "Like" this.
agreed! "LIKE"
Haha, same here.
yupp yupp!
lmfao.. YAY i started something!!!
yay!
*likes*
:@wy do people make a big deal about cutting urself:huh:
not sure but  my mom thinks im cutting again because she saw emo puddle in the browser history. She makes a big deal out of it and it annoys the hell out of me
not sure but  my mom thinks im cutting again because she saw emo puddle in the browser history. She makes a big deal out of it and it annoys the hell out of meThinks without caring enough to check on the site pages herself or ask the staff their opinions on what the site is, stands for, or what it is about.If people think this, it simply makes them uneducated until they take their time to try and understand, rather than going with what simple-minded, low intelligence bullies and media morons think the word "means".Simply, certain negative discussions are not allowed, mainly because there is no want to feed people and make them think it is normal or ok to do.  We post certain links and numbers in the main announcements section for people that join here that do have problems of certain natures.As for cutting, there is a thread above in this section on how to get over it, but we really don't like to see "why you do" type of threads.
This morning during first period we got an announcement that said to head over to the auditorium immediatly for a very urgent news.When we were all there and quietly seated we got the news that two students [who were brotherz] were shot and killed by their mother who their dad was divorcing and fighting custody over. A thing just like this happened in may 2010. After we recieved the news everyone went into shock and all i could hear were tears of sobs[even my own] i knew them..they were the few people that were kind and sincere to me since pre-k.one dreamed of being a rockstar someday while the other wanted to be a quarterback for a professional football team and with a sound of a blast all hopes of ever being what they wanted to be was taken away just like that. no one deserves to die that way N0 0NE.Especially at such a young age when life is just beginning i could only imagine the sorrow the father must be feeling. TO TAYLOR  AND TYLER: may you rest in peace forever more
thats so sad i dont no wat posseses ppl to do that and to there own children
wow that mother is crazy  O_o Awhhh it's soo sad T-T R.I.P 
"through the sound of death he falls,
the sound of hopes and dreams calls,
his sweet spirit floats on ahead,
as his dreams remain with the dead'

death takes its toll
aww thts totally messed up
sooo sad
What was the point of you posting this?
Did you want sympathy of having to hear that?
dats so fucking sad , the person who brought them into the world, who should be the one to protect them does that ,its plain wrong, rest in peace boysx x x
i,m so sad cuz I hurt my best friend sara i,m cry now i love u you are my life you are my heart i can't live without u i can't even think anymore i,m never  meant the things i said to make you cry i,m sorry yeah it's hard to forget and yes i regret All these mistakes but why you're leaving me i know you must have your reasons There's tears in your eyes I watch as you cry ohhh gad i love  u sara you are my best friend if i did  anything wrong and anything hurt u plz punish me but don't let me down you are my family that i can't have it i,m so sad guys plz help me what i do
u seem loverly she should forgive , u could'nt have done something dat bad
so me and my girlfriend broke up a few weeks ago but im still madly in love with her and miss her everyday. we are still bestfriends so it makes it hard cuz i see her with new boyfriend who is also my ex  anyone got any tips for getting over her?
You're a dumb fuck.
End of story.
You're a dumb fuck.End of story.hey!!! leave her alone! she did nothing wrong to you so do not be going all negative on her for nothing!!! you want to argue with someone then leave that to me and cutie, not someone in pain!!!
I Agree Elmo... Honestly when scribe sees all this she will be banned...
Where is he????
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh stuff

srry just lightening the mood XD

   i hope
Ok right, it is very hard to get over folks, I mainly just pick out all the girl's faults and spend a while watching porn and thinking of girls who are better than her.
hmmm i dont think thats the answer, listen tabz my best advice meditate and reflect
dont listen to that maleedawl tabz,she gives ppl shit without having to.the scribe really has to do something bout this chick man!! n as for u tabz,i dont know what to tell u,good luck w/working things out bud:)
Yeah fuck maleedawl and I met some one else now  plus I realized she's not worth it, I'm sleepen over her house now and she's "having fun" with this guy and she has a boyfriend.
And thnxs guys for standing up for me and the advice
namiste
ur welcome!
im leaving for awhile not because i dont like this site because ive recently discovered that all my emotions hav been tangled up so bad that i cant even recieve love or pain(by recently i mean 12:00 last night, and that ill need to reomove myself so that i may do wat i do best and thats help all of u, ittl probaly be till next week or so no worries,
plus unlocking all of ur chakras is a long and difficult journey goodbye everyone
Nuuuu!!
good bye my friend i will miss you and hope u return soon,and i hope you are able to do what you need to do,goodbye my friend.
bye bye,come back soon!
byye! i'll miss you lots and lots!
right im back now but i only opened one of my chakra but i still feel a milion times better
YAY!!! i'm happy your back! *BIG HUG* hehe
*hug!*
You're leaving a forum because you're depressed?
Righto. While you're at it, go tell your parents that you would like to be put on zoloft.
You're leaving a forum because you're depressed?Righto. While you're at it, go tell your parents that you would like to be put on zoloft.dude shut up! if punk wants to then leave 'em alone, maybe he just wanted to be cut off from everything and he was letting his friends know, so back off and leave him be
You're leaving a forum because you're depressed?Righto. While you're at it, go tell your parents that you would like to be put on zoloft.dude shut up! if punk wants to then leave 'em alone, maybe he just wanted to be cut off from everything and he was letting his friends know, so back off and leave him beSweetie, learn to type. Clearly you have some knowledge of it, because you're almost using correct grammar and punctuation.
Ahk Maleedawl idk how you are but everything you said has been negative are you looking for an argument??
You're leaving a forum because you're depressed?Righto. While you're at it, go tell your parents that you would like to be put on zoloft.dude shut up! if punk wants to then leave 'em alone, maybe he just wanted to be cut off from everything and he was letting his friends know, so back off and leave him beSweetie, learn to type. Clearly you have some knowledge of it, because you're almost using correct grammar and punctuation. "sweetie" back off my nuts. i know how to type obviously, and obviously Your just a bitch who wants a kick in the face and will get it if you do not stop being so damn negative and bitchy, if you don't like people on here and all you want to do is argue with someone then GET THE FUCK OFF!!!
You're leaving a forum because you're depressed?Righto. While you're at it, go tell your parents that you would like to be put on zoloft.dude shut up! if punk wants to then leave 'em alone, maybe he just wanted to be cut off from everything and he was letting his friends know, so back off and leave him beSweetie, learn to type. Clearly you have some knowledge of it, because you're almost using correct grammar and punctuation. "sweetie" back off my nuts. i know how to type obviously, and obviously Your just a bitch who wants a kick in the face and will get it if you do not stop being so damn negative and bitchy, if you don't like people on here and all you want to do is argue with someone then GET THE FUCK OFF!!!I wasn't aware you had nuts, or balls for that matter. Considering that you can't stick up for yourself, much less anyone on this forum or site. Lmao. Please elaborate on how I'm being, ' negative and bitchy? '
i can't stand up for myself???? really? Then WTF am i doing you stupid whore!? you are being negative on this thread just because punk announced he left, on the other one about sex, and the one about the older members who were a lot better to talk to then you! if that's not clear enough for you then you are fucking stupid!! oh and btw no i don't have nuts it's an expression cunt!
i can't stand up for myself???? really? Then WTF am i doing you stupid whore!? you are being negative on this thread just because punk announced he left, on the other one about sex, and the one about the older members who were a lot better to talk to then you! if that's not clear enough for you then you are fucking stupid!! oh and btw no i don't have nuts it's an expression cunt!You're babbling on, thats all I see.
dude! what the hell is wrong with this bitch?! maleedawl, u cant just come to the puddle and start an argumant with my bud Elmo!!! (i got ur back man!)  GO TO HELL MALEEDAWL N LEAVE ELMO ALONE!
i can't stand up for myself???? really? Then WTF am i doing you stupid whore!? you are being negative on this thread just because punk announced he left, on the other one about sex, and the one about the older members who were a lot better to talk to then you! if that's not clear enough for you then you are fucking stupid!! oh and btw no i don't have nuts it's an expression cunt!You're babbling on, thats all I see.no your just not intelligent enough to know when you are not wanted in a place baby doll
ahahh!! wow! good one elmo!
*claps for elmo* =D
*double claps for elmo!*
thank you guys.... so haw many want this bitch gone???? 
where's scribe or someone???
i wan this bitch gone!!! get the scribe elmo!! she just gonna spam everything out , n no1 messes w/elmo!
i can't stand up for myself???? really? Then WTF am i doing you stupid whore!? you are being negative on this thread just because punk announced he left, on the other one about sex, and the one about the older members who were a lot better to talk to then you! if that's not clear enough for you then you are fucking stupid!! oh and btw no i don't have nuts it's an expression cunt!You're babbling on, thats all I see.no your just not intelligent enough to know when you are not wanted in a place baby dollOh man, you spelled intelligent right. You're still closed-minded and judgmental, even if you have people online to back you up. It doesn't change anything.
yes it does bitch! i dont see anyone backing ur dumbass up
close-minded and judgmental well so be it when it comes to you, you stupid whore! and hey if i'm nice enough to have someone backing my as up on here then i'm happy, i don't NEED it but it's appreciated. but where are your little corner pals to help you out???
yes it does bitch! i dont see anyone backing ur dumbass upTruth of the matter, I don't need others to justify my statements.
lol!
close-minded and judgmental well so be it when it comes to you, you stupid whore! and hey if i'm nice enough to have someone backing my as up on here then i'm happy, i don't NEED it but it's appreciated. but where are your little corner pals to help you out???Oh see now, I haven't cursed you out. There's no need for curse words, no one is fighting here.
close-minded and judgmental well so be it when it comes to you, you stupid whore! and hey if i'm nice enough to have someone backing my as up on here then i'm happy, i don't NEED it but it's appreciated. but where are your little corner pals to help you out???Oh see now, I haven't cursed you out. There's no need for curse words, no one is fighting here. oh i'm so sorry deary, i will be as polite as possible and not curse at you.... oh wait, your not worthy of my kindness at the moment
Kindness?
It called being polite.
yes it does bitch! i dont see anyone backing ur dumbass upTruth of the matter, I don't need others to justify my statements.Wrong.Mind explaining all of the trolling?
yes it does bitch! i dont see anyone backing ur dumbass upTruth of the matter, I don't need others to justify my statements.Wrong.Mind explaining all of the trolling?What is this trolling?
FOR THE SeCOND TIME LOOK IT UP!!!!!!!!!!
a troll is someone who posts inflammatory, extraneous, or off-topic messages in an online community, such as an online discussion forum, chat room, or blog, with the primary intent of provoking other users into a desired emotional response or of otherwise disrupting normal on-topic discussion.
a troll is someone who posts inflammatory, extraneous, or off-topic messages in an online community, such as an online discussion forum, chat room, or blog, with the primary intent of provoking other users into a desired emotional response or of otherwise disrupting normal on-topic discussion. Wut?
OMFG ARE YOU STUPID WHAT I POSTED IS WHAT A TROLLING IS YOU ASKED
OMFG ARE YOU STUPID WHAT I POSTED IS WHAT A TROLLING IS YOU ASKED Wut?
can i please kick her ass? maybe a couple blows to the head will knock her brain around enough for her to SHUT THE HELL UP!
Dealt with.

Back on topic please.

(What's with the chakra thing..... too much naruto.....)
lmao!! Scribe doesnt like Naruto either!
no, lol seven chakras of spirituality, ive opened 4 already and now i see auras(barely) its like this
1 the root located at the bottom of ur spine
2 the sacral located near ur pelvic area(or crouch)
3 the naval aka solaris pexus located in ur stomach
4 the heart location kinda obvious
5 the throat again obvious
6 the brow aka the third eye (once this is open u can really see everyones auras
7 the final one is crown this one is the most powerful located at the top of ur head ur not supposed to try to open this one unless ur root is powerful, u need to go in this order or u can screw urself up,
all these govern emotions and desires, the naruto thing is fucked up
its the scribe!
So i might not be on for a while because i might get trialed as an adult for the crimes i did so see ya soon
Good news i got 6 month probation!
Good news i got 6 month probation! What for.
Good news i got 6 month probation! What for.Alot of crap i did last year
The only way you would get trialed as an adult and get off on probation is for a minor felony.

So, drug charges, yes?
I seriously can not take this anymore.All the gangs all the drugs all the violence in my family-its tearing me apart. The lies,the secrets all this hating me and rejecting me is drowning me.I dont think i can take it anymore.All my life has been built around jail visits and funerals.Last year i lost NINE family members.my grandmother is always saying to me no matter what you'll always have east side blood in you and i just dont want to! i dont want to be like the rest of them im NOT like the rest of them. i lost my uncle and cousin laurence two months ago.they just broke open the door and started shooting at them. all i have left of him is his necklace he always wore for protection.i've seen what the drugs the violence and gangs done to my family members.They all treat me like c**p just 'cause i chose not to follow them. my mom escaped from it. Now i know why she never spoke of them and why she wouldnt let me meet them when i was little. They pick on me for the clothes i wear,the music i listen to and the stu
its not ur fault
tht sucks .
Suck it up.
Life goes on.
umm ok i started in grade nine because of random shit pritty much did it till the end of gr 10 at the begining of grade 11 my parents devorced my grampa died my mom moved in with her boy friend and then we got in a fight and she kicked me out and now im doing it again i have no one to talk to about this i moves 4 times this year and lost all my friends i dont know what to do at all
i feel close to you because of the cutting.ur not alone.we are all here for you.i feel ya...ur an amazing person.
i know how u feel.
i selfharm and with ur parents always giving u shit its not easy.
my parents are ruining my life and they wont stop unless i stop selfharming and being emo and start being a "normal" teenager.
what the fuck do they know!?
i get shit at skl for loads of reasons and its hard to take all of it.
i'm here for you if u want to talk about anything coz i'm in the same position as u r right now xx
I wish you the best in life and luck. Just know that you aren't alone, you're alive, and there may always be a worse day.
I think I started my 8th grade year. Now its 3 years later and I find myself still thinking about it. I do it rarely. It might not be the same reasons and some of the things don't matter to me anymore but scars are still there. Sure, I've put up with people making fun of me because I've cut and I've been called insane and a freak. I've also been told to just go die. There's more to someone than just cutting. Cutting was a release for me.

I've been told, "Just stop." It's not that easy. It's an addiction that many people don't understand and some experience it differently from others. Some can just stop and some people just "stop." By that I mean stop temporarily. I don't know if you want to stop but one way to take away one of your problems is to attempt to stop cutting. It actually makes things a lot worse.

There's always at least one person that cares. Besides, you can make friends here easily.
umm ok i started in grade nine because of random shit pritty much did it till the end of gr 10 at the begining of grade 11 my parents devorced my grampa died my mom moved in with her boy friend and then we got in a fight and she kicked me out and now im doing it again i have no one to talk to about this i moves 4 times this year and lost all my friends i dont know what to do at all You remind me of one of my good friends. His grandmother died, moved to where I met him, his dad and step mom got a divorce but they still live together and they kicked him out because they don't want him but kept their kid so he's with his other grandmother and siblings. I just thought I'd have to say something since you remind me of him.
yeahh people say to me 'well why dont u just stop then?' 
dont they realise that theres more to it than that.
i get told i'm a mental case and a freak and to slit my wrists and die.
people say i do it just for attention but i do it like u did as a release from problems and life.
i've been told i'm a goth most of my life because my friends are embarrsse to hang around with me if people know i'm an emo.
how fucked up is tht? x
yeahh people say to me 'well why dont u just stop then?' dont they realise that theres more to it than that.i get told i'm a mental case and a freak and to slit my wrists and die.people say i do it just for attention but i do it like u did as a release from problems and life.i've been told i'm a goth most of my life because my friends are embarrsse to hang around with me if people know i'm an emo.how fucked up is tht? xThat really sucks. I called myself goth once but it didn't feel right. As soon as I found out what emo was I realized I'm emo.Honestly, I didn't know about the cutting stereotype until much later.I got told I was mental etc by people I didn't know. Sometimes I wish people could understand that its an addiction.I consider it like alcoholism. Once someone is an alcoholic, they always are.They can be clean for a certain number of months, but they are  alcoholics.It's the same thing for cutters. It's still an addiction but it's an addiction of the mind. When you rely on something/something mentally, its hard to let it go.
IF you are emo, then you aren't yourself at all !
you are Harming yourself cause of others, you are being changed by what other people did. and you are giving up...Bleeding is like a Drug, You are easing the pain for a Short periode, and it will become more painfull later, so try to face things instead of Running away.
umm ok i started in grade nine because of random shit pritty much did it till the end of gr 10 at the begining of grade 11 my parents devorced my grampa died my mom moved in with her boy friend and then we got in a fight and she kicked me out and now im doing it again i have no one to talk to about this i moves 4 times this year and lost all my friends i dont know what to do at all listen being alone hurts more than anything in the world to me it feels lik being hungry and wanting to throw up at the same time, the key to overcoming this is not short term stuff lik drugs or cutting, u need to believe in urself and tell urself ur a good person, now i may not understand cutting but i do un derstand about being alone its horrible i know
I understand.
I cherish the day I die and my parents and people around me see what they have done.. Virtually signing their names in blood on my arm. They worry about small things.. Well big things, they become small when my life is gone.
No one cares.

I completely understand you self harming. The important thing is to limit yourself and find new ways to express your emotions. I'm a hypocrite lol.

Love life.
well i do same thing over stuff like this i beat myself and cut and decided that i needed to think about other stuff so i dont kill myslelf over it
i know i dont really know you.. but i know what ya mean. i started harming myself when i was 13.. so around eighth grade.. here i am now 18 years old. its been a long time, but i used to bang my head against things, burn myself[badly], cut, break my fingers, i stabbed my self once in the gut.. spent 3 weeks in the hospital but lived which was good .. i have a really bad kidney because of it but at least i lived, ya know stuff can get rough and everyone has their own ways of dealing with it so i understand where your comming from.. but just make sure theres limits, i let myself go without a limit on the pain i was inflicting on myself and i seriously fucked myself up because of that. i still do cut .. thats something i can't help and its difficult to try to stop, its my way of dealing with everything. but its not to the extent of getting staples and stitches everytime i cut like i used to have to do.
We're all here for you!
yeah, i understand too. i started end of seventh grade and its been round three years. now i dun do so much cause things have gotten better, but idk. we're always here for ya
I'm always here period...
For starters, you can stop fucking up.

So you're parents divorced, big fucking deal. Let's assume you live in the United States, 80% of marriages end in a divorce.
Get over it.

If you want a place to live, you're going to have to suck it up and deal with it.
I -used- to cut myself because the physical pain kept my mind off the pain in my life. and it got addicting....
Why are you saying "we" we do not cut. Some people may cut. But it is not "we". I DO NOT CUT. And this thread is stupid.
why people would start cutting themselves i dont know, do probaly to a vast amount of sorrow, but the reason why it becomes addicting is when u do it ur body releases indorphones to the brain causeing a high, its lik a self produced nicotine, ur brain becomes hooked and dependent
I cut myself because the onion made me cry so much I had to do it.

Dumb stupid usless Thread is Useless.
And this thread is stupid. Agreed.
Why are you saying "we" we do not cut. Some people may cut. But it is not "we". I DO NOT CUT. And this thread is stupid. I was going to say this, but I couldn't be bothered at the time.I don't cut either, and the OP should really only speak for themselves.Stupid thread...
i have a smoke i chill wit frends and i go home and cut my self because of the shit i get at skool than im in a happy mood the next day and i get fucked over again and i do more damag falling away from frends and family im a fucked up emo kid
i have a smoke i chill wit frends and i go home and cut my self because of the shit i get at skool than im in a happy mood the next day and i get fucked over again and i do more damag falling away from frends and family im a fucked up emo kidno one's ever fucked up like but it depends on how u see life tbh it dose get ya down but if you let the world beat you down you'll always be crawling instead of walking or running and you'll feel like everythings getting to much like friends , family. wat ya do is you fight back be wat ever you wanna be but always never give up with a fight. i've seen my self in some sticky situtaions like i nearly got shotwen i wasa kid or i got stabbed in a fight for wat i liked music and wat i dressed in like skiny jeans or  converse trainers or trackies somedays...
Notice that the only time Chardy7 has even posted is here. Nowhere else on the site. At All.  .
well y ppl cut it really depens because everyone is different.i used to cut and i hate thinking about it and being "reminded"of it:(  im better now tho,i got help...
This guy stereotypes....i know this because he used the word "we". Like i said before...this thread is stupid.
it is and it makes me feel sad:(
well i could explain but i would take a whole page but it has to do with me and everything about it
it is and it makes me feel sad:(yeah usmtimes i just dn't get it lol hi i'm chris
it is and it makes me feel sad:(yeah usmtimes i just dn't get it lol hi i'm chris well hello chris,im liz.hehe that rhymes!
Not all emos cut. I cut before I knew what emos were.
Unfortunate to say, it was my friend who introduced it to me. If you start its hard to stop depending upon addiction. I cut because it happened when I was at my lowest point in life. Since that's how I handled it the first time, that's how I continued to handling my emotions until I stopped. I'm happier now. I don't care what people think.

I'm pretty successful with a lot of things I do. I'm running Emo Day and a group called Emos United. Basically we talk. We have sentences of the week/questions of the week/ topics of the week etc. People are pretty active even though we only have 200 members
when i cut i have to hide it so i cut my legs or i might wear jackets
Way to go!!! This thread may not be as stupid as i previously believed. But Chris/Chardy7 still is.
agreed!
I used to cut because I liked the pain and it helped me de-stress.
Same here...
Gives me a sense of power, makes me feel better
The scars are ugly but at the time the pain felt really good
i dont cut myself i want to due to someone but no as much as i love her i should let her go
I wondered the same day until I thought to try it and I did and well...it was addicting until I had a terriable nightmare and haven't done it since.
Way to go!!! This thread may not be as stupid as i previously believed. But Chris/Chardy7 still is. i still think this thread is stupid
I cut myself because it makes me feel better about what's going on in my life. Sometimes when I see the blood it just makes the pain I'm thinking about go away. It might sound dumb but it makes me feel better....
it dont sound dumb at all!i feel ya...
it dont sound dumb at all!i feel ya...thanx
Way to go!!! This thread may not be as stupid as i previously believed. But Chris/Chardy7 still is. i still think this thread is stupidYyeaaahhhhh..... enough of this.  It's depressing.
[align=left]Okay you guys...I have recently lost the only person that I loved and understanded me. Without her I am nothing. She has changed and has let her inner demon out. I loved her more than anything. My life cannot be lived without her. She was my heart and soul..I haven't cut myself since 2007.I am feeling pain in my life...More than ever before...I deserve to feel this. I deserve to die.But bleeding to death was never the way I wanted to go.[/align]I do not see the scars from yesterday...so why must they feel unhealed again..
death and pain hurt, but u must let joy com in aswell
So at school the past couple of days one kid keeps on messing with me and fighting me so i punched him in the stomach and the balls and another kid put his balls on my leg saying i own you so i chase him pin him down to the grass he escapes so i throw rocks at his nutz
man my dad is at a big fire right now he is a firefighter and buddy plant plus caught on fire its serious thats where some homemade bomb can be made so hope he makes it ok
ohh im sorry about tht....i hope hes alrite!!!
Godspeed for him.
man my dad is at a big fire right now he is a firefighter and buddy plant plus caught on fire its serious thats where some homemade bomb can be made so hope he makes it oki hope he didnt get burned too bad that will hurt like hell
Good news it was false alarm but he ran fast
Firefighters r badass dude
Firefighters r badass dude agreed
ummm wow,that is just sad that happened to an 11 year old girl.
This is why younger kids shouldn't have this kinda stuff. They go and do retarded stuff.
This is why younger kids shouldn't have this kinda stuff. They go and do retarded stuff.point taken and put to use,mental note dont allow kids accwes to internet til 21 years of age
lol wow that's just overrated matt! i saw 15
ik i just kidding :3 just keep watch on them so they dont do something stupid
Yeah
me be agree.
Ahhh my god this is too hard to dance to. I'm always ROFLMAO.
5rZKF9qs-fo
I like this guy. He's super true.
6XuMMlQLmnU

Jessi Slaughter deserves it. We don't need anymore twats on youtube anymore. She can't take hate comments? Well screw her weak heart.
She thinks she so popular and shes also self centered, but I don't blame her she's 11. 


She dun goofed
Lol wow
you have a point,and try shuffling or c walk to it that seems to work :3
you have a point,and try shuffling or c walk to it that seems to work :3No shit. I can shuffle to this but I can't stop laughing. xDDDShuffling to someone saying "You ruined my life" is pretty hard to laugh.
"This video has been removed due to terms of use violation. "

I dont care about the age, some people shouldnt be allowed access at all.  This includes stupid kids and trolls
and did i see something about a relationship with the singer or some1 from BOTDF??!?!?!?!?!!?!!! wtf kind of bullshit is that?!?!?!!
THEY'RE CALLED PARENTAL CONTROLS!!!LEARN HOW TO FUCKIN USE THEM!!!!!!!!!! fkkn stupid ass ppl..... damn...
This kid shouldn't even have her own computer. It's a freakin shame.
CONSEQUENCES WILL NEVER BE, THE SAME!!!

I hope it airs on tosh.0
I have to admit I hated the little girl after I saw her video but now I feel slightly bad for her.

She said: 
Hey Youtube it's Jessi Slaughter here and this is to all you fucking haters. ok guess what? you guys are bitches you know what you don't phase me I'm just doing this just so you can.. tell I read the comments I read the messages and I replied to them but know what aI don't give a fuck I'm happy with my life ok?  and if you can't like realize that and stop hating you know what I'll pop a glock in your mouth and make a brain slushie ok? cause you hater bitches you're just like jealous of me you're just saying that because you're jealous of me because 1 I'm more pretty than you, I have more friends, more people like me, I have more fans... um yeah and all that shit. I can't think of any more right now because I'm BRAIN DEAD and it's like 10 :19 in the morning and I just woke up like... midnight? IDK but it's early in the morning so I'm like brain dead right now so I can't think of anything but Haters stop hating on me! you're just jealous because I'm perfect and you're not. No body else could be this pretty with no make up on! None whatsoever. Oh and by the way I did get my lip pierced here is the hole... My mommy made me take it out because I'm getting new ones which are going to be closer in. so yeah.  but um just saying stop hatin on me! I'm just a normal girl who's perfect in every way and you're just jealous. Why am I making all these gestures?  I'm weird I know that. But and you guys are just jealous because I have a perfect boyfriend. I do and you guys are just jealous because I have 3. So yeah. Jealousy much? So um y'all just shut your mouths before you make a fool of yourself again. Yeah. Oh and you guys, just and my fans please hate on the haters. and I'm not 9 I'm 11. And and I don't consider myself scene or emo, that's just something I put on my videos and I just say I'm that just so people like  can like be uh because if I say what I am people will be like ... because I'm not scene I'm not emo I'm nothing! I don't even choose lables! I don't. I do not. and if you guys consider and begin like lable me and shit then you guys are the actual posers and I'm not a poser. How can I be a poser at being myself? So yeah and don't try and make smart comments at me because I got like a shit load of come backs. so and if you hate me you know what? suck my nonexisting penis. ok? just suck it! get aids and die! you know what fist yourself to your little bestiality magazines get a paper cut on your fucking clit or dick and then I hope the bitch falls off! ok? brai- eh- bleh bleh le head.  get aids and die, suck a dick and die. anyways um sticky drama shit I will post some shit in my crotch bar so um a link to this shit that's been happening on stickydrama lately and involving me and  my homey daddy whos' not here but I'm pointing.. for some reason. what the fuck. but um some bullshit that's been going on between us but we got it all settled my moms been talking to him... thank god for my mom but um yeah I'm gettin my COON TAILS! fuck yeah. coon tails. um why am I making these stupid things? I'm getting coon tails and I'm going to get my snakies and um.. IDK, what else is going on in my life. but um I'm going to wrap up this video before it starts like friggin.. nomnomnom but haters fuck you that's a big fuck you to all those haters k love yall bye check out my sticky drama.
well heres the thing i saw her videos and was like good thing 4chan and everyone else make fun of here
Wtf she thinks she's perfect?
CONSEQUENCES WILL NEVER BE, THE SAME!!!I hope it airs on tosh.0omg that part was funnyCONSEQUENCES WILL NEVER BE, THE SAME!!!
So,
How are you doing? shitty 
I need to leave to much pain i can not explain
so love you all this has nothing to do with yall.
hopefully i might come back.
a friend of mine were really close, he's stopped me from killing myself twice. he was always there if i needed someone to talk to. he said he loved me (as a friend) and he promised that no matter what we would always be friends and he would never leave my side...he just told me today that he doesn't want to talk to me ne more...these are the msg he left me on myspace...

I want you to know that I dont wish to talk to you any longer, you encapsule so many qualities of someone I hate. I forced this one way friendship for your sake & realized it was useless. You will always be negatively influenced & thats not my problem.
You have always craved attention & there is no better place to escape to that than XBOX. You find love to be an attention thing, its why you liked me & when you asked me & Rain to be friends, we followed that wish&because; we werent all over you...
When we showed you respect, you turn around & insult our trust by dating an obnoxious idiotic kid who gave you the attention you felt were lacking.Never will you have a better friend than Rain or me, but now I realize Ive always been disposable...You disrespect the idea of love by acting like yours with Zack is true.I know you have doubts & you probably flirt with anyone who notices you at all, its sickening. Apparently it takes you a week to find true love...
I was right about that worthless liar Dustin, & when Zack meets someone in real life he'll understand that you were simply practice.You two are not going anywhere, but Im glad I didnt make that mistake.I need someone with intelligence who understands me.
But brainless failures are always ok with being the lowest form of existence. I need to stress no longer attempting to share my thoughts as they prove too complex for you to understand & you just dismiss them anyway...
As for your poems about friends "betraying" you.The reason you feel that way is because you befriend people just as selfish as you & only care about thier own ideas.And that is hardly betrayal, you need to know a real life friendship to know that feeling.
You are a child & you try to seem as if youre not, I guess this is all I have to say for now...This is obviously all for Christina, not you Kelly...I'll have more to say later, soon we will part ways & I wont have this burden on me.

I'm Starting to doubt my other friend Rain, and my Boyfriend Zack, that they could leave me too at ne time.
He's just a freakin jerk. if i knew him, i'd shove my boot up his a** so far it'd come out of his mouth!
If he was really your friend, he'd have told you from the start his opinions of you. if you feel your other friends are the same way, keep an eye out and try not to let them hurt you. There is a such thing as true friends, but they're hard to find. "...We all have entered a cruel world..."
i don't know about my other friends. they havn't done anything. but i have trust issuse as it is. haveing max do this just fucks me up even more
true friends will never leave, they will always be there. don't worry about the people in your past, theres a reason they didn't make it to you future, thats wat my thia always says
yeah. he didn't deserve to know you in the first place. U keep on living without him cause if you still talked to him he would've been a downfall to something in your life eventually. just remember your friendship it as a lesson learned, i guess.
wat he said
um.. actually i'm a girl lol
thamks guyz
well i wonder if theres ever a true friend
my bf and i are having a fight and he's mad bc i don't fully trust him. i don't trust him nc he has threaten to leave me b4. no he say it would be easer for me if i just left him.. i love him so much. what can i say that will make him happy?
please i don't know what to do. he's pushing me to leave him
do what you know you need to do, speak to him about the sitch first, if he doesn't see your side then you should do what you need to do not what you want to do
no i love him and i can't lose him he's my everything
in this world of pain we have to do things we don't want, if you feel you can trully work things out i give you my faith
ik we can, i believe he is the one
HOPEFULLY, you shouldn't have to go through anymore dispair than intended
ya i hope so too, ik  he cares, it's just he get depressed like me at random times
wel hun i dont think theres anything bc if hes threatening to leave YOU .... YOU may have to leave him first. jus to get it over with... plus he may actually want to leave you and not be happy if hes threatening to do so.

.....im sorry to say this but it may be true.
ive had to do it before..
but thats the thing he hasn't in a long time. but im just worried that he might. i can see that he's changing. but he wants me to trust him too soon.
... sad face. i think im gonna cry
*gives you a tissue* theres no need to cry
ya there is im not ready to let him go. i still think there is a chance
thinking is what got you here just relax
I honestly think it also depends on the reason why you dont fully trust him how long have you been with this guy ? if you dont mind me asking
Dump the bitch if thats what your hearts telling you. What has he done to gain your trust? If he threatens you for anything you know that's not a good boyfriend.
I honestly think it also depends on the reason why you dont fully trust him how long have you been with this guy ? if you dont mind me askingumm we have been together 4 (4) months
i was with the same girl for 4 yrs and had to end it moving on is the hardest part...''the hardest part of holding on is letting go'' thats a quote from P.O.D the song ''GOODBYE FOR NOW'' check it out
if there is the tiniest bit of hope that you two can stay together then stay,if u feel u can trust him then tell him that,if you feel he is the one then you can trust him,its all about your feelings between each other,in his condition all kinds of things will run through his mind but he will mostly be thinking of wat is best for you,thats y he cant say its over,its y hes trying to get u to say it,he loves you to,he just needs you to help him.
dude good job you took the ords out of my mouth... i've been trying to say that but couldn't word it right... so yea wat ''DCM'' said
ive always been good at giving relationship advice to my friends but yet i can never help myself in one of my relationships if its messing up,its that just a slap to the face lolXD:lolflag:,but anyway if someone needs help with that kind of advice ill be just glad to help :3
thanks that relly helped, 
Glad i could be of service
?
well if this is still happening then leave him theres other people
ppl think i am strange creepy mental whatever the list goes on i will tell u all there is 2 know about me then HONESTLY tell me if i am creepy or whatever
i feel like cutting again due to the missing piece inside me
i am the rare breed of gothemo(90%emo10%goth)
i am obsessed with slipknot and caliban
i tend to hang out alone away from humans like in graveyards
I recently have been in search of the missing piece leslie this morning i dreamt abotut me about to tell her i
Ok this is the one time I'm going to accept "opinions." I will not be flaming in this topic and you shouldn't too, so feel free to tell me what "emo" means to you. I'm gonna be nice to everyone and accept what it means to you.(In this thread) Just don't be Trololololoing.
Emo is going away from the flow telling all the other preppy people who do nothing but socialize in their little world and judge wat they dont understand, to go fuck themselves
A genre of music standardized by including emotion, types may include 'screamo'

basically what our music page on the front page says.
Emo is a label. Commonly misunderstood.
Emo is a genre of music that includes sub genres like screamo.
Emo= Music, AND a name for a small social group, Not a lifestyle, but can't even be generalized into a social group because of how variated opinions are on it.
Half the kids who say their Emo, Don't agree with the other halfs idea of Emo.
Emo is a label. Commonly misunderstood.Emo is a genre of music that includes sub genres like screamo.You so took that from me But yeah Tommy, half of them disagree with the other half almost all the time.
I say be whoever you are and let others deal with the labeling...
Emo= Music, AND a name for a small social group, Not a lifestyle, but can't even be generalized into a social group because of how variated opinions are on it.I like it.
Thx
yeah... emo has nothing to do with dress.... its just.. you being you you want to be not letting other ppl tell you how to ack or dress or wat to listen to..... basically saying... fuck authority....
read my signiture.thats what emo is to me.
Ok this is the one time I'm going to accept "opinions." I will not be flaming in this topic and you shouldn't too, so feel free to tell me what "emo" means to you. I'm gonna be nice to everyone and accept what it means to you.(In this thread) Just don't be Trololololoing.im proud of u for excepting opinions here!
Ok so there is alot of crap going on about being goth, emo, or scene. I want to why the fuck it matters so much to be called "emo".  Why is it so bad to be called a goth...or a scene. Why the fuck does matter what label you are. It's just a label! If you really need a label to say who you are then you must be one boring person. Yes ,i did say i didnt like being called a scene kid, but it's not because of stupid reasons, it's because my friend used to call me that....and he's gone now, so it just brings up sad memories. Anyways, almost everyday someone will call me a punk,stoner, scene, emo, goth, loaner, ect. You dont see me complaining. Get the fuck over it, it's just a label.
I personally don't care what people label me unless its offensive or hurtful. Goth, emo scene, punk. Does it really matter? I totally agree with you.
Ah shit I ran out of labeling tape.
in my opinion trying to fit exactly to a label makes you fake because if your trying so hard to fit a label then ur not being yourself labels are trash lol just 4get em mainly fakes and posers use them
in my opinion trying to fit exactly to a label makes you fake because if your trying so hard to fit a label then ur not being yourself labels are trash lol just 4get em mainly fakes and posers use them exactly
The thing people forget, because they're always trying to fit into a group is this:

I am me.

The power of being yourself is awesome, you don't have to dress like part of a group to be in a group, you simply hang out with who you like, and like the music you like.  Changing ones fashion or views just to be with a group is stupidity in itself.
Guys i need some help what would you do if your parents told you to do everything when you have a sibling that could do stuff as well... when you have to do everything on top of trying to study for your HSC.. how would you react if you father called you a slut and told you your never gunna go no where in life... you get your fone taken for bulling someone who bullies you first...
i just dont wanna be here no more i cry out of no where, im not sleeping right and just feel empty
any advice.. 
I cant speak to my parents about it because my mum sides with my dad because shes scared of him
i cant tlk to my father because im scared of him. he does do drugs.. he screams and hits me but when he has his pot he thinks he can talk to me i dunno what to do
oh hun, hang in there it will all get better. and if you ever need someone to talk to just pm me. my ears are always open.
my grand father said somthing once lifes a bitch then u die, i know that life sucks for u now but u dont let the pain take u, u dont let it control u the only thing u need to fear is fear itself, dont let fear control u overcome the fear pain learn from it the world can be better its not wat it does to u its wat u make of it, if u need more help from me pm me alright
You have so much more of your life ahead of you other than this relatively small part that your required to spend with your parents. I understand the being the only one who does anything. My mom comes home, and either goes to sleep or yells about everything i didn't do, regardless of what i actually did. You just gotta tough it out.
um to answer ALL ur questions NOTHING! you do nothing bc they're ur parents and you HAVE to obey them..... regardless....
um to answer ALL ur questions NOTHING! you do nothing bc they're ur parents and you HAVE to obey them..... regardless....  i agree....but sometimes i dont obey my mom. Oh..and i have to do everything too.
yeah so im ment to sit there and let my father hit me and call me a slut ??????
yeah so im ment to sit there and let my father hit me and call me a slut ?????? oh my fucking god, how dumb are you?! If you can get on the internet, then you you can use a fuckin phone. Ever heard of abuse? Thats what it is. There are people to stop that. They're called the police. Stop feeling sorry for yourself and do something about it. Posting on here isnt going to help you.
YOU KNOW WHAT!! YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO TALK TO ME LIKE THAT AND WHAT PART OF I CANT  HE HAS PEOPLE TO STICK UP FOR HIM DONT YOU UNDERSTAND ITS PEOPLE LIKE YOU THAT MAKE ME THE WAY I AM SO UNLESS YOU HAVE ADVICE THATS GUNNA HELP ME STFU!!!
YOU KNOW WHAT!! YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO TALK TO ME LIKE THAT AND WHAT PART OF I CANT  HE HAS PEOPLE TO STICK UP FOR HIM DONT YOU UNDERSTAND ITS PEOPLE LIKE YOU THAT MAKE ME THE WAY I AM SO UNLESS YOU HAVE ADVICE THATS GUNNA HELP ME STFU!!! people like me? Ha. You dont know ANYTHING about me. You dont know if I've been through the same thing. You dont know if i've been through something worse, do you? No. You dont. So i suggest you stfu, because i know what i'm talking about. Ok? M'kay.
so your telling me that i sould call the cops... even if he has people to lie and say of no he dont do that yeah real smart
Actually yes. Are those people at your house everyday. All the time. Every minute. A lie is just a lie. My dad had people to lie for him. He's gone now. So yes, you should try it.
umm yes those people are at my house every minute of everyday its called my mum and siblings that are scared of him
Well nothing is going to change unless you do something about it. Even if they're going to lie. Damn, just give it a fuckin try. If you're not going to help yourself then, thats your problem. There are other options besides getting hit. Im done posting in this thread.
You really should get the cops involved. even if you have to plan it out. take pics of bruises, try and get some evidence to support you.
You really should get the cops involved. even if you have to plan it out. take pics of bruises, try and get some evidence to support you.Think about what your saying. If she does that then theres an 80% chance she could be sent to an orphanage.Dam your dads a dickhole. He disowns you just for stupid things? I would consult a therapist for a family-1-on-1-conversation. Your parents need to see the true side of you. I mean thats just total nonsense. I would love to smack your family to sense. These are the things that can cause people on a suicidal rampage. (This isn't helping....) I seriously feel for you because thats not cool at all. AT ALL.
We have had someone come out b4 she said she couldnt come out no more for her own saftey after my dad had a mad skits one day..And i have tryed to kill myself b4 dw... not feeling like it yet and thnks Antix at least someone understands
An orphanage, or a foster home, but at least they won't hit her there. She's in her 12 year of school. She'll be outta there in no time.
An orphanage, or a foster home, but at least they won't hit her there. She's in her 12 year of school. She'll be outta there in no time. not all foster homes are good.   do you have a relative you can go to?
Nope they'll all send me back...
dont they care at all...bc if they did they wouldnt send you back that that asshole.... well you should still call the cops.... they WILL help you... if you havent done it yet DO IT NOW!!!
I will do guys thnks for all the support
We love juuuu tahlia!!!
Tnks Tommy
my friends means the world to me and there is this one guy that i'd do anything for. i was talking to him and something happened to his gf and he like brokedown. that was when i lost it. i cant bear seeing something happen to him and i've gotten him threw alot of suicide plans but if his gf is hert, he is hert, wich herts me.

i was so close do deleteing all my profiles and i just want to run away.

i too close to my friends that it kills me if something happens to them.

i dont know...maybe one day they could actually be the death of me

im sort of scared about it. can you maybe help me. i dont know what to do
Hey.. This is why i have trust and friendship issues lol.
You could maybe try and tell them how you feel so they don't dump any problems on you.. Or find something less harmful then cutting.
lol thing is he'd feel it was his fault im hurting myself and i dont want that + i have tried something else and look how that turned out? i'm back at cutting, again
How about stop focusing on your friends and focus a little more on your family for once. Friends aren't everything. Friends are just there when something bad happens or when you need someone to hang out with. Why are you more focused on your friends? Your not related to them. Nor are they going to be a huge part of your life.

Stupid people like a certain someone is getting too close and personal with other people. Why is this going into your life? Its his problem. Not yours. Stop being so stupid. 
The reason why you cut is because you somehow get with peoples emotions, that it fucks with yours. Why would you run away for someone that was hurt? It's not your problem.
I've been hurt to the point I've almost done suicide but it was for my problems not anyone elses.

You on the other hand would sacrifice yourself for something very very stupid. Which your not even invloved with.

It's called "Time."
How about stop focusing on your friends and focus a little more on your family for once. Friends aren't everything. Friends are just there when something bad happens or when you need someone to hang out with. Why are you more focused on your friends? Your not related to them. Nor are they going to be a huge part of your life.Stupid people like a certain someone is getting too close and personal with other people. Why is this going into your life? Its his problem. Not yours. Stop being so stupid. The reason why you cut is because you somehow get with peoples emotions, that it fucks with yours. Why would you run away for someone that was hurt? It's not your problem.I've been hurt to the point I've almost done suicide but it was for my problems not anyone elses.You on the other hand would sacrifice yourself for something very very stupid. Which your not even invloved with.It's called "Time."well excuse me if my friends mean more than life its self to me. look, i didnt put this up 2 get attacked, i put it up for help and if you cant then why bother comenting.
I am helping you. Just in a mean way because your making me mad. Seeing what sociaty has done to people... tsk tsk tsk...
well sorry im so screwd up
Well the billions of other people are sorry too.
and i thought it was just the people i knew that hated me, i guess im wrong
Ahahaha. xD I'm not hating just pointing you right from wrong in a mean way.
Antix stop being a dick
I need help. Can some people give me some songs/artists on Hardstyle & Electro? I need new music to shuffle to. As long as their good to my taste(I'll tell you when its my taste) then I'm fine with it. Thanks for helping me.
try listening to dj coone and dj mortal kombat
What's your opinion on abortion?

Mine:

Abortion should always be an option.
America is SUPPOSED to be a free country.
NO ONE has the right to take away the option of abortion from a woman.
I think it's right under any circumstance. 
It's the womans body, not her friends, her parents, her boyfriend/spouse ect.
Abortion is NOT murder. 
At the time of abortion the parasite..I mean fetus... can't survive without being in the mothers womb.
Thus, it's only feeding off of the womans body which makes it more of a parasite.

Now...discuss!
Overall I think its ok unless used as birth control because you didnt use birth control, which is when its completely your fault.
i think that it isnt okay, unless you have to, if your a rich person that has loads of $$$ the child wont suffer 

but if your a 16 year old, and is poor, it would be okay, becuase a teen shouldn't have a child
I beleive there should always be choice.

But I do not agree with one thing you said in your post, Scribe. The choice should be atleast discussed with the father of the child. So it may not be taxxing of his body, it is still half his and he should have some input. How ever the final decision comes down to the mother, yes.
So it should never be someone else's choice.
It's not right for people who have never been in the situation, who don't know what it's like, to vote against abortion. You can't just take a right away like that. 
It's not as if when you vote for abortion you're killing babies. You are just giving the freedom to the mother and father to make the decision themselves. So the one in the actual situation can do the right thing.
I believe that it's not society's right to choose whether the raped girl gives birth, the unplanned pregnancy goes through, that teen couple have a kid or not. 
It's their own right to choose, no matter what.
Pro choice, totally, a woman should be able to choose whether she wants the child.  If she's forced to have a child she doesn't want, she'll end up resenting the child.
It should be a choice, if a mother dosen't want the child it's better if she "kills" him/her before he/she can feel anything...its much more humane...and like Working on a Dream sed, if a mother dosen't want to have a chidl, she will end up resenting him/her
i think it is so wrong its not even funi.
if u didnt want a baby.
keep ur damn legs closed.
its that simple.
now.if something happened.
that was out of your control.
and you got prego.
thats a different story.
i dont agree with it.
but if u were forced.
u cant help it.
and they have proved it.
that they Can feel it.
and its not like they have to Keep it.
Its Called Adoption.
i think it is so wrong its not even funi.if u didnt want a baby.keep ur damn legs closed.its that simple.now.if something happened.that was out of your control.and you got prego.thats a different story.i dont agree with it.but if u were forced.u cant help it.and they have proved it.that they Can feel it.and its not like they have to Keep it.Its Called Adoption.i agree completelyand the way they do it is absolutely brutal.and completely inhumane
i think it is so wrong its not even funi.if u didnt want a baby.keep ur damn legs closed.its that simple.now.if something happened.that was out of your control.and you got prego.thats a different story.i dont agree with it.but if u were forced.u cant help it.and they have proved it.that they Can feel it.and its not like they have to Keep it.Its Called Adoption.Adoption isn't the answer for everything.You can't be completely sure that a kid will go to good parents.I'd rather see someone have an abortion than do adoption.And also, protection may not be 100% effective, but if a couple uses it, and then they still get pregnant, then they should be able to have an abortion.
Abortion can be right and wrong.
Abortion should be the last possible thing a woman should have to do.
If the woman is raped, then yes. I am completely for abortion, i know i would hate to have a rapers baby in me. .
pro-choice.
What's your opinion on abortion?Mine:Abortion should always be an option.America is SUPPOSED to be a free country.NO ONE has the right to take away the option of abortion from a woman.I think it's right under any circumstance. It's the womans body, not her friends, her parents, her boyfriend/spouse ect.Abortion is NOT murder. At the time of abortion the parasite..I mean fetus... can't survive without being in the mothers womb.Thus, it's only feeding off of the womans body which makes it more of a parasite.Now...discuss!Why would you care? You aren't going to get your 8 year old boyfriend pregnant!Stupid hippie
Abortion is not right. Not that it should be banned, but that it should be enforced of the other options that are given to a woman after the child is born.

The new mother could give the newborn child to a hospital, police station/fire station for it to be brought up in an adoption.

Abortion is bad for the uterus - I think that's what it is called - because the doctors have to scrape the walls or something. Then, the next time the woman wants to have a child, she might not be able to because the abortion damaged her.

One of the problems is that the women want to have sex, not careful, they have a child in eight months. BAD! They try to raise the child themselves. One thing is to not have sex with random people that don't love you or don't know you!
What's your opinion on abortion?Mine:Abortion should always be an option.America is SUPPOSED to be a free country.NO ONE has the right to take away the option of abortion from a woman.I think it's right under any circumstance. It's the womans body, not her friends, her parents, her boyfriend/spouse ect.Abortion is NOT murder. At the time of abortion the parasite..I mean fetus... can't survive without being in the mothers womb.Thus, it's only feeding off of the womans body which makes it more of a parasite.Now...discuss!Why would you care? You aren't going to get your 8 year old boyfriend pregnant!Stupid hippieAHAHAHA!
Abortion is okay, as long as people don't use it as a method of contraception and they only use it as a last resort.
I hate abortion.
It's like murder in my opinion.
But I think if it poses a threat to the mother's health or the pregnancy was by rape or something, it's kinda understandable..
I hate abortion.It's like murder in my opinion.But I think if it poses a threat to the mother's health or the pregnancy was by rape or something, it's kinda understandable..How is it like murder?Back up your opinions, please.
Textbook replies.
I believe that abortion should only be used in bad situations...like rape, both of you would die, those kind of situations
I believe that abortion should only be used in bad situations...like rape, both of you would die, those kind of situationsWhy?
those are both some really tough situations. I just somehow understand
i would say it would depend on the situation.  i could understand if a girl was raped or in danger of dying then abortion would be the best way to go.  i don't agree with it when a girl's excuse to kill the child was because she didn't have the means to take care of it.  i'de have to say adoption is better than an abortion.  at least the child has a chance to live a decent life.
I had a whole reply typed out. Fucking internet went down and I lost it. Rotten luck.


*sigh* it's not worth argueing now.

But just letting you know adoption isn't that great. Yeah, lots of kids go into it. But how many actually come out with great families? Not a ton.
Plus, that's nine months of hell for the mother. You going to use a baby as a regret card or a punishment? That's sick. 

I'm putting the rights of a woman before the rights of a fetus that could potentially be a human.
I had a whole reply typed out. Fucking internet went down and I lost it. Rotten luck.*sigh* it's not worth argueing now.But just letting you know adoption isn't that great. Yeah, lots of kids go into it. But how many actually come out with great families? Not a ton.Plus, that's nine months of hell for the mother. You going to use a baby as a regret card or a punishment? That's sick. I'm putting the rights of a woman before the rights of a fetus that could potentially be a human.hmmm i never thought of it that way.  i still feel they should have a chance tho...i don't know, i think i would feel guilty in a way.  i would feel responsible for the death of a life
i would say it would depend on the situation.  i could understand if a girl was raped or in danger of dying then abortion would be the best way to go.  i don't agree with it when a girl's excuse to kill the child was because she didn't have the means to take care of it.  i'de have to say adoption is better than an abortion.  at least the child has a chance to live a decent life.No. Just no. You're not "killing" anything other than a parasite. It's not murder, no matter how much you try and argue that. It isn't, and never will be.ADOPTION ISN'T THE ANSWER FOR EVERYTHINGWhy the fuck can't people understand that? Just because a kid gets adopted doesn't mean they're going to get a good family or life. Abortion is better than adoption. Period. Who the hell would be dumb enough to go through 9 months of hell for a baby they don't want. Just to give it away.Bottom line. It's the woman's body, which means it's her decision. If she doesn't want to go through 9 months of hell, and abort it, then that's her decision. Not anyone else's.
If abortion is murder then a miscarriage is involuntary manslaughter
to me i believe it depends on the situation as to whether its alright or not. if the  girl was raped or cannot afford a baby or is unable to support and provide for it or is proven irresponsible or dangerous to the childs future well being or theres a high chance of the chil developing a awful and fatal disease or the condom broke or they were drunk it should be ok. i know people say well you can put it up for adoption but really thats not a solution. people put up for adoption or who are moved around in the foster system can end up psycologicly damaged. its not the kind of life a child should be forced to live because the mother had to have them. plus the world is already overcrowded so why bring a child into the world who isnt wanted. however if your having an abortion to hide that you cheated on your husband thats not right. besides if you make it illeagle to get abortions it wont stop people. more people will get alley way abortions which is dangerous can lead to disease or death. its peoples choice. its no more murder than shootin an already dead person..
i have a hard time believing that abortion is not a form of murder though.  i've seen an unborn baby and the way it moves and grows and they way it moves away from a bright light and u can't tell me that's not a living being.  u see it's little fingers move and thier little toes twitch...it's alive and it feels.  it's such a precious form of life that deserves to see the light of day.  my own mother almost had an abortion and i thank god she didn't.  she may have had an awful life but things got better and now i'm living a wonderful life.  i think every child should have the same chance i did.
thats the kind of abortion done after the time they will allow it.
i have a hard time believing that abortion is not a form of murder though.  i've seen an unborn baby and the way it moves and grows and they way it moves away from a bright light and u can't tell me that's not a living being.  u see it's little fingers move and thier little toes twitch...it's alive and it feels.  it's such a precious form of life that deserves to see the light of day.  my own mother almost had an abortion and i thank god she didn't.  she may have had an awful life but things got better and now i'm living a wonderful life.  i think every child should have the same chance i did.After a certain time period in the pregnancy it becomes a baby. That's when they say you can't get one anymore.
i have a hard time believing that abortion is not a form of murder though.  i've seen an unborn baby and the way it moves and grows and they way it moves away from a bright light and u can't tell me that's not a living being.  u see it's little fingers move and thier little toes twitch...it's alive and it feels.  it's such a precious form of life that deserves to see the light of day.  my own mother almost had an abortion and i thank god she didn't.  she may have had an awful life but things got better and now i'm living a wonderful life.  i think every child should have the same chance i did.After a certain time period in the pregnancy it becomes a baby. That's when they say you can't get one anymore.aw see i didn't know that part.  i always believed that the mother was able to get rid of the baby at any time
Oh no. Definitly not.
ok that definatly makes more sense.  it doesn't sound so wrong anymore
i have a hard time believing that abortion is not a form of murder though.  i've seen an unborn baby and the way it moves and grows and they way it moves away from a bright light and u can't tell me that's not a living being.  u see it's little fingers move and thier little toes twitch...it's alive and it feels.  it's such a precious form of life that deserves to see the light of day.  my own mother almost had an abortion and i thank god she didn't.  she may have had an awful life but things got better and now i'm living a wonderful life.  i think every child should have the same chance i did.After a certain time period in the pregnancy it becomes a baby. That's when they say you can't shouldn't get one anymore.Fix'd
What's your opinion on abortion?Mine:Abortion should always be an option.America is SUPPOSED to be a free country.NO ONE has the right to take away the option of abortion from a woman.I think it's right under any circumstance. It's the womans body, not her friends, her parents, her boyfriend/spouse ect.Abortion is NOT murder. At the time of abortion the parasite..I mean fetus... can't survive without being in the mothers womb.Thus, it's only feeding off of the womans body which makes it more of a parasite.Now...discuss!Agreed.I'm always a strong advocate of womens rights over their body.I do admit i frown upon females who have many abortions and view it as some form of birth control. That is just sick
i can't see how a woman could go through abortion after abortion with no sense of guilt.  I've read that in Russia abortion is a normal thing...it is treated like a regular birthcontrol or something.  but i can't say it's wrong...its almost like a part of their culture...they don't know any other way.
i can't see how a woman could go through abortion after abortion with no sense of guilt.  I've read that in Russia abortion is a normal thing...it is treated like a regular birthcontrol or something.  but i can't say it's wrong...its almost like a part of their culture...they don't know any other way.That's more of a liberal attitude, that is not part of a culture it is just a bunch of people in a geological area that happen to think its an ok thing to do.  Its not ok to do and it is wrong.culture is more of a background really, and traditions.  that just doesnt belong in either.
i can't see how a woman could go through abortion after abortion with no sense of guilt.  I've read that in Russia abortion is a normal thing...it is treated like a regular birthcontrol or something.  but i can't say it's wrong...its almost like a part of their culture...they don't know any other way.I don't see what's wrong with Abortion.If they want to treat it as birthcontrol, then that's their decision.
i can't see how a woman could go through abortion after abortion with no sense of guilt.  I've read that in Russia abortion is a normal thing...it is treated like a regular birthcontrol or something.  but i can't say it's wrong...its almost like a part of their culture...they don't know any other way.That's more of a liberal attitude, that is not part of a culture it is just a bunch of people in a geological area that happen to think its an ok thing to do.  Its not ok to do and it is wrong.culture is more of a background really, and traditions.  that just doesnt belong in either.ya thats true.  it just seems so normal to them now that it can get confused with it a little.  i can definatly see ur point tho.
i can't see how a woman could go through abortion after abortion with no sense of guilt.  I've read that in Russia abortion is a normal thing...it is treated like a regular birthcontrol or something.  but i can't say it's wrong...its almost like a part of their culture...they don't know any other way.I don't see what's wrong with Abortion.If they want to treat it as birthcontrol, then that's their decision.wat do u think is wrong...i'm just curious.  abortion is usually a strong issue so i'm just wondering wat you do feel strongly about.
i can't see how a woman could go through abortion after abortion with no sense of guilt.  I've read that in Russia abortion is a normal thing...it is treated like a regular birthcontrol or something.  but i can't say it's wrong...its almost like a part of their culture...they don't know any other way.I don't see what's wrong with Abortion.If they want to treat it as birthcontrol, then that's their decision.Abortion was not designed to be a birth control. It is meant to be a last resort.When someone is raped, mother is in trouble, mental issues etc.I hate women who use it as something to be used again and again. Its disgusting. Use a freaking condom and pill, that works you know.Women who have more than 3 abortions shouldn't even have a uterus to begin with.I had a old friend who had 4 abortions and after that one, she went infertile. She hates me because i told her she brought it upon herself.
i can't see how a woman could go through abortion after abortion with no sense of guilt.  I've read that in Russia abortion is a normal thing...it is treated like a regular birthcontrol or something.  but i can't say it's wrong...its almost like a part of their culture...they don't know any other way.I don't see what's wrong with Abortion.If they want to treat it as birthcontrol, then that's their decision.wat do u think is wrong...i'm just curious.  abortion is usually a strong issue so i'm just wondering wat you do feel strongly about.Not important.i can't see how a woman could go through abortion after abortion with no sense of guilt.  I've read that in Russia abortion is a normal thing...it is treated like a regular birthcontrol or something.  but i can't say it's wrong...its almost like a part of their culture...they don't know any other way.I don't see what's wrong with Abortion.If they want to treat it as birthcontrol, then that's their decision.Abortion was not designed to be a birth control. It is meant to be a last resort.When someone is raped, mother is in trouble, mental issues etc.I hate women who use it as something to be used again and again. Its disgusting. Use a freaking condom and pill, that works you know.Women who have more than 3 abortions shouldn't even have a uterus to begin with.I had a old friend who had 4 abortions and after that one, she went infertile. She hates me because i told her she brought it upon herself.If you ever want to have kids, why have an abortion? After 2, you run the risk of becoming infertile.Yes, she brought it upon herself. Who cares? Her decision. Her life.
My opinion about abortion.

It truly depends 
It makes know sense if you're with someone and you decide to have unprotected sex.
There are too many forms of protection to make a mistake like that.
If you were rape then fine, I understand.
Makes it worse for you because that child is nothing more than a reminder that you were raped.
But to abort just to do it just what for?
It's your body you should have the right to do whatever you want with it.
i don't think it's right.... it is a form of murder, to me.... tho i can see, lot's of you guys disagree, my opinion on this won't change.... every child should have the chance to live. who knows? if you choose abortion, you could be killing the next Abe Lincoln or the next George Washington. or even the next American Idol or the next Survivor....
My opinion about abortion.It truly depends It makes know no sense if you're with someone and you decide to have unprotected sex.There are too many forms of protection to make a mistake like that.If you were rape then fine, I understand.Makes it worse for you because that child is nothing more than a reminder that you were raped.But to abort just to do it just what for?It's your body you should have the right to do whatever you want with it.fix'dand fuzzy, because milking them for becoming tv stars is really showing how much you care.  its funny how we say every child should have the chance to live, yet people who say that will restrict their own children currently or in the future from having a life of their own, controlling them and trying to form them into what they want the child to be, many children are given the chance to be born, but then they still do not get their chance to live.
but those people are bad parents.... i think every child should be given the chance to be born AND to live. when i get older, i want my children to aspire to their dreams. i want them to dream large, and i want to live to see them accomplish their dreams, no matter what they are. i think parents who do things that are good for themselves and not for their children, are selfish. a lot of parents think they're protecting their children by not letting them all live where that child feels at home, and by not moving there; but really, it's destroying the child and it kills them everyday. 

i would know.....
but those people are bad parents.... i think every child should be given the chance to be born AND to live. when i get older, i want my children to aspire to their dreams. i want them to dream large, and i want to live to see them accomplish their dreams, no matter what they are. i think parents who do things that are good for themselves and not for their children, are selfish. a lot of parents think they're protecting their children by not letting them all live where that child feels at home, and by not moving there; but really, it's destroying the child and it kills them everyday. i would know.....here here, totally true, I know people in these situations so i know it sucks, someday I hope to purge such things and make people realize common truths.
my mom thinks she's protecting me and helping me and herself, but she's not. it destroys me every day, knowing that my best friend is always having a good time with people, but never me. knowing that a lot of my friends get together every Tuesday and see each other for CAP, but i don't. knowing that there's gunna be an awesome party next week where all my friends are going, and all i get to do is hear about it. knowing that my own brother cares more for my best friend's little sister, than he does for me... i hate it more and more every day. and parents who think like this are terrible... but i'm not going to blame my mom, because she has no idea this hurts me so much...
my mom thinks she's protecting me and helping me and herself, but she's not. it destroys me every day, knowing that my best friend is always having a good time with people, but never me. knowing that a lot of my friends get together every Tuesday and see each other for CAP, but i don't. knowing that there's gunna be an awesome party next week where all my friends are going, and all i get to do is hear about it. knowing that my own brother cares more for my best friend's little sister, than he does for me... i hate it more and more every day. and parents who think like this are terrible... but i'm not going to blame my mom, because she has no idea this hurts me so much...either way once a parent is into that sort of thing they think they do nothing wrong so even if they knew how you felt it wouldnt matter they would come up with some sort of excuse and blame it on something else.i say you should go to the party no matter what.
how am i supposed to get there? im 13, can't drive (legally), and don't have a car or any money anyway. Tyler, TX, is over 4 and a half hours away...
i think it's wrong and totallly murder. killing someone who is out of the womb is still as wrong as killing someone inside the womb. it's like killing me when i'm outside my house is wrong but when i'm inside it's ok. so not right. it's not just your life, you have some else's life inside of you. as soon as the sperm hits the egg that baby is alive. if you can't take of the baby put it up for adoption. don't kill it! even if you were raped. someone took away your right to choose and now your taking away someone's right to live.

and fathers should have a choice to keep the baby alive. that baby is 50% of mommy and 50% of daddy. murder is suppose to be illegal. abortion to me is murder and murder is wrong.
Well I think that abortion is wrong and the people who think it's ok r stupid!! They think that since it's only a fetus it doesn't matter to kill it!! That it has no feelings, but instead of just having it and letting some poor family that can't have a baby have that one, but they just take the life of the BABY!! Don't worry though cause God will make it right in the end!!
hmm, tought subject.
i both agree and disagree with abortion.

i agree if the woman had been raped and didn't want a constant reminder of the horrible experience, 
i agree if the woman has a 40-60% chance of dying while giving birth,
i agree if the woman is in an unstable condition ( mental issues/ junkie/ alcholic)
i agree if your a teen mum and cant support the kid

i disagree if you just dont want the kid.
i disagree if you use it for birth control
i disagree if your a cheap skank who sleeps around and doesn't even know who the father is.
i disagree if it's not your choice to keep the kid.

and adoption? truelly adoption isn't all fun and rainbows.
i have a close friend, he was in a different home every 2 months till he was 16. if i was his mum, i'd hate myself for being so selfish. selfish by having the baby and then practically throwing it away not knowing what would happen to the kid.

and some adopters are just old pedo's that haven't been caught.
Shit Chloe, I was gonna write exactly wat u just wrote.

Feel sorry for your friend. :-(

That is true. Many adopters do such sick shit, I wanna set Jason or Mike Myers after them. It just pisses me off how many sick people there are in the world. . .
it's free will.
controlling it would be fachisim.
and inhuman in a way.

there is nothing anyone can do.
we can try and get rid of them all
but they will always be there.
Against it at all times.
I believe that once the baby's heart has started beating then it is alive and so to kill it would be murder. Afterall, if our heart isn't beating then we would be dead, so it must be one of the key aspects to life.

I'm aware of all the problems like if the woman has been raped etc, but in my eyes, abortion is murder and murder will always be wrong no matter what. And yes, if i was to get raped, personally i would choose to keep the child because of my beliefs.
i think that it isnt okay, unless you have to, if your a rich person that has loads of $$$ the child wont suffer but if your a 16 year old, and is poor, it would be okay, becuase a teen shouldn't have a childA teen shouldn't have a child, but there's always adoption. That's just what I think, though.
Abortion seems like murder to me...and a fetus isn't a parasite. It is a human being that is not yet able to survive on it's own, and therefore needs to be nurtured by it's mother. I mean, if you don't want a child, you should have no problem giving him/her up for adoption.
in my opinion i think abortion shld b da womans choice but its still rong in my mind, bcuz i believe every baby, mistake or not, shld have a chance 2 live. yes abortion is a choice but if u really think about it, a growing fetus, a baby, is still a living being and killing dem in da womb is almost murder. i wld never want 2 control anybodys choice 4 havin a baby or not i just wld never recommend it and everybaby is a miracle and u shld always b happy 2 c dat cute lil face 4 da very 1st time
IMO abortion is wrong/right, if the baby is going to be born with something that will just make it suffer, or kill it once its  maybe a day old, then i'm with it, but if you're some skank who sleeps with men WITHOUT using the many ways of protected sex, and get an obortion, thats just fucked up, or if you LIKE getting abortions (there are people like that) just shove a 45' up your pussy and shoot out your reporoductive organs, if you like getting aborted, you shouldnt have to right to give birth.
wow those are sum harsh wrds, but very true... good point, wuts da point n unprotected sex if u no ur dumbass is prolly gna end up pg? if ur gna b a slut and fuck every decent guy u meet get ur tubes tied or sumthin cuz no baby decerves 2 b murdered and not givin da chance 2 live
Harsh - True, they're in the same category, it just depends on how the person takes it honestly.  and Jesus, its not a parasite, and you saying that is saying everyone here, including yourself is a parasite, UN-fuckin-TRUE. We dont attach ourselves to someones arm and drink their blood for sustanance, do we? NO! Neither do fetuses, i saw an ultra-sound before and saw my Aunt's beautiful baby boy moving his arms around a bit, and his fingers twitching, its the miracle of life, not parasite. Get your facts straight.
da baby isnt da parisite, da babies da best thing dat cld ever happen 2 any1! having a baby isnt jst a chocie its a privilage! sum women's bodies arent allowed 2 have babies and every women on dis earth dat are allowed 2 shld b proud and happy! if u are a girl who has ever gotten pregnant and thought of it as a curse shld think again, dere are plenty of good women out dere dat cnt hav a baby and those of u who can b happy dat uve been allowed 2 giv life 2 such a beautiful being
yush....i guess _ i mightve read that wrong.
i prolly got caught up and messed up sumwhere hhmmmm?
no i dont speak internet very well :I
aaah i c well *sigh* o wow speaking of abortion dats wuts n dis book...
Noaw i see why i dont believe in Jesus _ he sucks..lol
oosh major suckage, cnt say da same for me, although i hav 2nd guessed myself at times
Jesus got told.
i dnt get it, i understand sacrifice and all but i dnt really understand how 1 man wld b willing 2 sacrifice his own life and 4give who treated him so wrongly every1
yeah i cna support abortion becasue we have kids homeless allover the world.
Cause  i dont want to take care of a child and the reason is that how i turned out in that fact i would support ABORTION.
But u woild be stopping a beating heart which makes me fell sad but if you can support that kid and the kids because sad.
If you cant support the kid put him up for adoption or give him/her to a trusted friend/family member who wants a child.
wut ive always wondered is who wuz da idiot who even thought abortion wld ever b a good idea????? y wld sumbody every like 2 kill a baby..... wait, isnt dat wut dey used 2 do n china???? wuz it china????


HOW??!?!?!?!
i think you're talking about the mideival satanic druids, they killed babies, ate them, and they used their heads as candle holders.
o... wow.... dats very sad... how cld dey do dat 2 an innocent baby???
They were cruel, and it was medeival times.
id damn ever mother who aborted a child or ever consider it but all ill get is "its my life , my body, my choice" well hey idiots, ITS NOT JST UR LIFE OR BODY ANYMOR! u gave dat up wen u decided 2 hav unprotected sex and took da chance of havn a baby! if u really dnt want a baby den DNT HAV SEX WITOUT PROTECTION! dnt b such jackasses
Epic Pwnage.
Dont be 100% mad at the people ive had an abortiong before but it was agaisnt my will....
some gurls have been raped some just dont give a fuck 
then there are gurls like me who are forced by their parents to get abortions

ABORTIONS SHOULD BE BANNED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it should be your choice to make, not your parents'
whetehr ur parents dnt want u 2 hav da baby or not, u shldnt let dem controll ur life or choose whether or not da baby inside u shld hav a life.
and Sensitive..you have all of Jacquie's info on your profile, you need your own stuff, not my close friend's.
wait huh???? wut u tlkn bout???
Look at jacquie's profile, then senstitive313's
oh y am i sayn sum stuff dat jacquie said???? if i am i dnt mean 2 im jst sayn wut im thinking
im mostly against it. i feel like if it was rape. then the baby should be put up for adoption.
the thing about abortion is its really controversial 
i believe that the woman has the right to choose whats gonna happen 
i mean it is 9 months of her life and another 18 or so if she doesnt give it up for adoption
and sometimes itll just be better for the kid if it werent born at all
plus when they do the abortion, the thing really isnt much of an actual baby yet
but rather just a little parasite thing
I believe in abortion but if a woman is just doing because she forgets or just doennt want to use protection then she sould learn from her mistakes.
Hm...my views on abortion...Well here's how I see it. Say that baby will be born with some horrible birth defect and will die instantly or won't live over a year or something along those lines. THEN and ONLY then is when I believe abortion is ok. But if it's just some whore or sleeps around, she should learn from her mistakes.

Now on teenage pregnancy and abortion, well I don't think they should get abortions. I think they should either keep it or give it up for adoption. Not kill it.

*Quick Edit* I think abortion is also right if the woman is a victim of rape.
I was about to ask u if u thought it was ok if the women was a rape victim but then i seen u answered it at the bottom.
even if da woman is a victim of rape its not like it wuz da baby's fault, so y not let da child hav da chance 2 live and c da wrld? da baby ddnt do shit wrong so y punish him/her? da baby has alredy started growing, most likely is startn 2 get a heartbeat!! if ur gnna hav an abortion think bout it! think long and fuckin hard bout it cuz its not jst ur life ur thinkin of.... ur thinkin of another human beings life... wut if dey cldve helped da wrld but never got da chance cuz ur bn selfish, cuz ur not ready or cuz sum1 raped u.... i am sympathetic 2 ALL rape victims, im srry 4 all of dat, i no how it feels 2 go threw dat but DO NOT punish a poor defenseless baby boy or baby girl!!!!!
even if da woman is a victim of rape its not like it wuz da baby's fault, so y not let da child hav da chance 2 live and c da wrld? da baby ddnt do shit wrong so y punish him/her? da baby has alredy started growing, most likely is startn 2 get a heartbeat!! if ur gnna hav an abortion think bout it! think long and fuckin hard bout it cuz its not jst ur life ur thinkin of.... ur thinkin of another human beings life... wut if dey cldve helped da wrld but never got da chance cuz ur bn selfish, cuz ur not ready or cuz sum1 raped u.... i am sympathetic 2 ALL rape victims, im srry 4 all of dat, i no how it feels 2 go threw dat but DO NOT punish a poor defenseless baby boy or baby girl!!!!!yeah but there are equal chances that the baby could turn out to be some screwed up druggie or serial murder, because they were born under harsh circumstances. i totally agree that if the woman was just a slut who didnt like to use protection, then she should totally learn from her mistakes, but wouldnt it almost be punishing the baby as well to let it be born to some whore. the baby would live a terrible life and the problem with adoption is there is a chance that it'll never get adopted. Honestly, i think its okay for a woman to have an abortion if having the baby means it would not only put a damper on her life, but would bring the baby into a bad situation, but if a woman could support the child and bring it up with a good life, then abortion doesnt really need to be an option
even if da woman is a victim of rape its not like it wuz da baby's fault, so y not let da child hav da chance 2 live and c da wrld? da baby ddnt do shit wrong so y punish him/her? da baby has alredy started growing, most likely is startn 2 get a heartbeat!! if ur gnna hav an abortion think bout it! think long and fuckin hard bout it cuz its not jst ur life ur thinkin of.... ur thinkin of another human beings life... wut if dey cldve helped da wrld but never got da chance cuz ur bn selfish, cuz ur not ready or cuz sum1 raped u.... i am sympathetic 2 ALL rape victims, im srry 4 all of dat, i no how it feels 2 go threw dat but DO NOT punish a poor defenseless baby boy or baby girl!!!!!yeah but the mother would hate the child because what if it looks like the rapist? she will most likely try to torture the baby because it will remind her of that awful night. i mean some people will keep it and love it but what about the rest of the moms? i think if the mom is going to hate the child then why have it? because when that child gets older its going to hate its self because their mother hates them for being a rapist's child.
^^ I agree with Alisha
yay someone agrees with me
I agree with you to
same here
well if da woman cnt stand 2 look at da child put him/her up 4 adoption! it is NOT the baby's fault so y wld da mother hate him/her? wut did the baby do wrong? NTN! the person who raped her shld b da 1 punished not the poor innocent soul growing n her womb!
well
1. the worlds not always fair
2. adoption cant always be the answer to everything
3. sometimes its just better for the baby to never be born
and Sensitive..you have all of Jacquie's info on your profile, you need your own stuff, not my close friend's.okay i totally agree but at the time i was new to the website and she was a cool character so i just stole and that was wrong and im sorry
I personly think your killing a human being and that is wrong. If you opened your legs, didnt use a rubber or birth control then thats your fault and you should have known the outcome. If there are people who got raped or soomething else then I understand if you arent ready for a child. But what ever somebody else chooses I wouldnt act different towards her.
Condoms have a 7/10 chance of working, 5/10 for birth control.
if sum1 i no had an abortion i wldnt shun dem or anythn, but i no dat dere will always b dat thought, i wldnt look at dem da same, itd b hard 2 knowin dat she killed a baby.....
if sum1 i no had an abortion i wldnt shun dem or anythn, but i no dat dere will always b dat thought, i wldnt look at dem da same, itd b hard 2 knowin dat she killed a baby.....i know what your talkin bout. I know 2 girls who did that. One of them looks really strong like she really doesnt care but she told me in private that she keeps it inside and shes really hurting. She broke up with her babys dad cuz she couldnt look at him no more knowing she killed their baby. She says she still have nightmares about the baby talking to her or something. Her mom made her get a abortion
dats stupid, im sorry its really not my place 2 say but if i cld id go and tell sumthn 2 dat mom... i no i dnt hav da rite but im jst 2 strongly against it
dats stupid, im sorry its really not my place 2 say but if i cld id go and tell sumthn 2 dat mom... i no i dnt hav da rite but im jst 2 strongly against iti understand what ur sayin...i knoe its stupid but her mom has such a strong influnce on her i guess...but the other girl was sayin how she was so against abortion and she couldnt face to do it at all.. Wen i asked her if she was pregant she was like i was i had an abortion... she said b/c it was softballl season n she might need a scholarship its pretty ironic now that she cant even play b/c her grades are bad
irony sux... karmas a bitch, dnt do ntn ull regret cuz it fucks wit ur life and u cnt go ba n time 2 fix it... dats wut i say
right.....and the thing is that that the 2nd girl was so aginast abortion to
well jst goes 2 show if ur against sumthn so strongly den u need 2 stand by it
exactly i guess she wasnt all for it...
i guess not.. well sorry 2 say it but she got wut she deserved 4 not standn by wut she claimed believe
_ wow.
wut?
wut?thts wht i want to know...
hhmmmm wdum wow Alex?

o ok

wut part wuznt clear???
Exactly.
wut part wuznt clear???rite thats also wht i want to know
im lost now ?
gurl im more lost than u r
im sorry but im confused
by wht?
by wht?about wht the question is
the question is whether or not you think the man has the right to disconnect himself from the world-renowed violinist or not
if he does, the violinist will die
if not, he will be stuck sitting in a hospital doing nothing for seven months
like giving up seven months of his life
actually lets increase that to 16 years
he has to stay hooked to him for 16 years before he finds an organ donor
well its his choice if he wants to then thats his choice
I don't really think that you can compare that story to abortion. The acts and the responsibilities implied are not the same. In abortion the responsibility falls completely on the parents whom made a mistake and must now face the consequences for their actions. They knew what could have happened and all sort of protection is accessible to most, if not all of us.

However, in the story, Dick has no absolute connection with the violinist. From my point of view the only thing that got Dick involved was the he broke the rules and was at the wrong place at the wrong time. True he might feel bad if he decides to disconnect himself, but he might also feel bad if he decides to not disconnect. 

To answer your question, Dick has the right to decide whether he disconnects or not. As mentioned in the story that was posted, only volunteers were hooked up. Dick was just some tired drunk guy who stumbled into somewhere where he shouldn't have.
i agree
GUD ANSWER  

but i agree
i think that abortion is really bad but I'm going for nursing so i kind of have to support it but i can never do it or do it to someone
jst cuz ur goin 2 b a nurse dsnt mean u hav 2 support it, my sister wuz a nurse and she never supported it
What's your opinion on abortion?Mine:Abortion should always be an option.America is SUPPOSED to be a free country.NO ONE has the right to take away the option of abortion from a woman.I think it's right under any circumstance. It's the womans body, not her friends, her parents, her boyfriend/spouse ect.Abortion is NOT murder. At the time of abortion the parasite..I mean fetus... can't survive without being in the mothers womb.Thus, it's only feeding off of the womans body which makes it more of a parasite.Now...discuss!Why would you care? You aren't going to get your 8 year old boyfriend pregnant!Stupid hippieAHAHAHA! honestly abortion is murderbut it depends if your ready for a child and it depends on how you conseved the child.
I don't really think that abortion should be considered murder, after all the fetus or baby or whatever you want to call it is not fully developed and cannot be considered a human being, at least not in my opinion. And if I'm not mistaken the definition of murder is the killing of a human being by another human being. Is an unborn baby that isn't fully physically developed considered a human being? 
It hasn't reach the physical, mental or rational abilities of a human being thus it shouldn't be considered murder at all. True, it will someday reach to be one, but it isn't one yet.
i support it, then again i live in aus n it's still ok to have your child aborted within an "error period" of 3 months up until that point it's not considered a sentient being capable of thought....possibly. hell i'd be a dad by now if it wasn't for that though...that woulda been kinda good =\. but it is the female that carries it around for 9 months so they have the choice is it like that where you guys live?
Where I live abortion is legal and I support it completely. Even though the female carries it for 9 months I think that the male also is entitled to an opinion and a say in the decision when it comes to abortion.
welll dont forgot sometimes the mother gets effected by the abortion in a mental and in body way.....
that is really true.
welll dont forgot sometimes the mother gets effected by the abortion in a mental and in body way.....Yes sometimes the mother is affected by abortion and the father can be affected by it as well. There's negative things to all the decisions that one can make really. For example, if the parents decide to keep the kid, you never know if that kid is gonna be truly loved or is gonna have a terrible childhood and grow up to be miserable and feel unloved. If given to adoption, that kid can spend the rest of his life without a true sense of family or can remain unadopted for the rest of his existence. In a way you can look at it as if you were ending its possible suffering even before it starts, however you never know how the life of this being is gonna be. Is pretty much like flipping a coin, it can be good or bad. It's a risk that the parents should be willing to take if they're considering to go through with abortion.
Abortion is wrong, if you support it ( no offense meant to anyone) i think your sick. You're killing something you never got to know and you had a big chance to. Its like the murder of my uncles (happened when i was 9) they were murdered for no reason...for fun. Im not saying its for fun, but its sick. It could be a child you love and cared for. But no, just kill it, its a fetus, doesnt matter, its not like me. Well i've got some fucking news for you, it is like you, it could be you being fucking aborted and used for RESEARCH. Would you like that? Being cut open and used for research? I didnt fucking think so.
Abortion is wrong, if you support it ( no offense meant to anyone) i think your sick. You're killing something you never got to know and you had a big chance to. Its like the murder of my uncles (happened when i was 9) they were murdered for no reason...for fun. Im not saying its for fun, but its sick. It could be a child you love and cared for. But no, just kill it, its a fetus, doesnt matter, its not like me. Well i've got some fucking news for you, it is like you, it could be you being fucking aborted and used for RESEARCH. Would you like that? Being cut open and used for research? I didnt fucking think so.theres alot of anger there but its also trure...ur killing something thats ur own
Abortion is wrong, if you support it ( no offense meant to anyone) i think your sick. You're killing something you never got to know and you had a big chance to. Its like the murder of my uncles (happened when i was 9) they were murdered for no reason...for fun. Im not saying its for fun, but its sick. It could be a child you love and cared for. But no, just kill it, its a fetus, doesnt matter, its not like me. Well i've got some fucking news for you, it is like you, it could be you being fucking aborted and used for RESEARCH. Would you like that? Being cut open and used for research? I didnt fucking think so.Not all abortions are used for research. Enable for an aborted fetus to be used for research, the parents have to give a consent without it it's supposedly illegal to do so. And with the killing a live being, wouldn't it be considered sick under your criteria to reproduce and sustain animals in mass scales enable to feed mankind?
I'm a vegetarian. And yes, it is sick (in most cases) to do such. And you'll always remember the child you never had, even though you had the chance. If you really dont care about a child's life, (A fetus IS a child) you have issues. It's like taking a medical tool and beating a 5 year old to death, there's no difference. You're killing a child and thats that.
i'm pro choice. i don't think its right, but its not my place to tell someone else they can't get an abortion, no matter the circumstances.
I don't really think that a fetus is a child, it is still a viviparous under development. It's right after the embryonic stage and before birth that it's still called a fetus. A child is after that it is already born. Maybe you regret not having the child, but maybe you regret having it and make its life miserable. So maybe someone will opt by not aborting and still give the kid the really worst life that they could have.
I don't really think that a fetus is a child, it is still a viviparous under development. It's right after the embryonic stage and before birth that it's still called a fetus. A child is after that it is already born. Maybe you regret not having the child, but maybe you regret having it and make its life miserable. So maybe someone will opt by not aborting and still give the kid the really worst life that they could have.but etheir way ur killing something thats ur blood and u made it by making it by having sex with somebody...i understand if you were raped or something happened but i still dont support abortion but i will understand if you do...and about the last part if they know that there life is not going to have a good life give it a chance by giving it up for adoption
The risk of the kid having a shitty life still exists with adoption. Adoption doesn't really solve the problem. For starters, birth rates are going higher, adoption rates aren't going that much high. If I'm not mistaken there's a round a 3% adoption rate. So the kid is facing the risk of not being adopted at all, and if adopted there is as much chance for a bad family. Or maybe they just can't afford supporting the thing, one of the possible decisions for the biological parents to abort. Plus, the world is overpopulated already.
the  world is not a overpopulated and if i knew my baby was going to have a bad family home i would put it up for adoption and at  least give a chance to live...but you present your side well...big props to you
I disagree, adoption may not be the answer, but there is ALWAYS family who will accept it if needed.
the  world is not a overpopulated and if i knew my baby was going to have a bad family home i would put it up for adoption and at  least give a chance to live...but you present your side well...big props to youIt is not overpopulated YET but at the rates that human population is growing it won't take long. Plus with all the medical and technological advances the mortality rates are going down. With birth rates getting higher and mortality rates lowering annually then we are at serious risks of overpopulating. And overpopulating is not the only problem, currently we are exploiting the resources that we have left which would mean that eventually it might be possible that there won't be enough food, water, energy sources, amongst others to sustain us all. As mentioned in my previous post, the percentage chance of being adopted are not as high as people think, adoption is NOT a solution. In addition to that, as I also already mentioned, the adopting family can be shitty as well. Not because they adopt means that they will be a truly loving and caring family.I disagree, adoption may not be the answer, but there is ALWAYS family who will accept it if needed.I agree with adoption not being an answer, and yes there is always a family who will accept a child. However, in this day and age there are way to many people wanting or considering abortion. There are not enough families for all these babies to go to.
I didnt mean specificly A family, but your family. My sister was pregnant when she was 18, and she knew she couldnt take care of it because she didnt have enough money to support it, nonetheless herself, so she gave it to our aunt who was trying to have a baby but always had a miscarriage.
Not all families want babies in their lives. For example, in my own family I know that if I got a girl pregnant, no one would really want it. My aunts and uncles already have kids and they don't want any more. If all families accepted kids just like that then there wouldn't be so many kids given up to adoption or abandoned.
Then they have other families who's husband might have a narrow uethra or be unfertile, or the woman who may be unfertile. Problem solved. Abortion = wrong.
oh hell no if u lay down and open ur legs with out preteon the its ur fault dnt kill a baby for ur mistake that so fucked up i cnt stand the fact that ppl think its alright to kill a baby when its its ur fault ur in that place in the 1 place so have it or give it to someone one who cnt hve kids
Then they have other families who's husband might have a narrow uethra or be unfertile, or the woman who may be unfertile. Problem solved. Abortion = wrong.Like I already said... THERE AREN'T ENOUGH FAMILIES. I hope that statement is clear nowoh hell no if u lay down and open ur legs with out preteon the its ur fault dnt kill a baby for ur mistake that so fucked up i cnt stand the fact that ppl think its alright to kill a baby when its its ur fault ur in that place in the 1 place so have it or give it to someone one who cnt hve kidsIt's not a baby yet, it is still a fetus. A viviparous being in development if you want to call it. And like I've stated to many people too many times already, there are not enough places for all the kids that are being put into adoption, plus the not-yet-existing kids that might be aborted.
i think its wrong you shouldnt kill a baby because of ur mistake ....
Then they have other families who's husband might have a narrow uethra or be unfertile, or the woman who may be unfertile. Problem solved. Abortion = wrong.Like I already said... THERE AREN'T ENOUGH FAMILIES. I hope that statement is clear nowoh hell no if u lay down and open ur legs with out preteon the its ur fault dnt kill a baby for ur mistake that so fucked up i cnt stand the fact that ppl think its alright to kill a baby when its its ur fault ur in that place in the 1 place so have it or give it to someone one who cnt hve kidsIt's not a baby yet, it is still a fetus. A viviparous being in development if you want to call it. And like I've stated to many people too many times already, there are not enough places for all the kids that are being put into adoption, plus the not-yet-existing kids that might be aborted.ok its fucking wrng i got nun more to say cuz its ur fault ur haveing a kid in the frist place so women up and have it damn and stop acting like a little kid
ok its fucking wrng if u did not wanna take care of it in the frist place then dnt lay down with someone and do it and unsafe cuz if u do u end up with my sisters friends little brother and u dnt want that so dnt have sex damn its that fucking simple
indeed
Simply in these times, not many people can afford luxuries, let alone babies.  looks at the USA and Greece - Greece is bankrupt and we're throwing money at them, further harming our own debt.  it's hard to get employed anywhere even with education, making it fact that there aren't enough families to adopt, and what number of families that can should even be allowed to?  you must consider if they should be able to adopt or not, no one knows what goes on there if the child being adopted never says anything.
See i don't completely accept it but if a mother aborted her baby because she didnt want to LOOK AT IT because it was a reminder of her ex ! Than to me that's just wrong but if you got raped or had the baby without your permission than i understand. But because you dont want to look at it because it was an reminder of the man you used to LOVE than its wrong to me
FUCK ABORTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gettin prego is UR OWN FAULT....if u didnt wanna get pregnant u should NOT hav hav sex in the first place
ABORION IS MURDER....if i ran this place abortion would be charged a murder...KILLING ANOTHER HUMAN BEING....tht babys life is worth just as much as urs....TAKE IT LIKE A WOMAN!!!
Okay,well with alot of past life experiences.
I think there should be a choice,Yes for some people its hard to abort a child,but in some cases like teenage pregnancy and rape,thats completely understandable,Im not bein an attention seeker and whatnot i dont want any simpathy but i really want to write about how i feel about this.For i have known,the feelings of aborting a child is endless,Yes it is alot of emotional pain , kinda in ways sums up to the pain in giving labour but ofcourse emotionally,but i definetely think there should be a choice,but aborting a child for a pathetic reason i find absolutely wrong.
Thats what I mean ! 
I mean like if you really have a very very valuable explaintion i understand but if you dont ? 
than WTF really take care of it 
the mother wen she aborts it had emotional problems afterward and regrets doing it
Yeah exactly,The emotional distress is like Wow,it wont stop..
hey shannen pm me real quick
about..?
i needs to ask u a question
Haha well pm me?
I believe someone shouldn't be forced to bring life. I support it. For some, like teenagers and people who don't have much money, it ruins lives.
well? can u? its all cuz my grandma wants me 2 get fucking consuling becuz i listen 2 "devil music" aka screamo. im mad @ her and all. so can u guyz hav my back? or @ least, back me up?
Screamo isnt 'devil music' its simply a different way of expression if u like.. I shouldnt see the reason for counselling because of the music you listen to.. i guess that the reason your grandma thinks this is because its a very different type of thing that she's used to hearing, thus making it 'not normal'
Im sure if u explain to her then itll be fine
i guess. but there is no way in all the underworld that im going 2 consuling
my mom said that at first she said i needed to go to a mental institution but i let her listen to sum nd we talked and its all good now so try talking to ur gma
Yeah exactly  just talk to her and explain
I back you 100% per cent, devil music my ass, that is what justin bieber is for
D: Are you kidding me? Tell her there is no such thing as the devil or you don`t have the same beliefs as her. Tell her justin beiber or mily cyrus makes devil music :D
The power of christ compels you bitch. 
If she has proof its devil music then your screwed dude.
If she doesn't then you can prove her wrong by sticking a middle finger at her.
then she probly would send her to consuling.. lol....
but im sure the shit oyu listen to ISNT devil music... so try showing her  some lyrics of some of it....
Hey, Im backing you up here. I mean screamo is another genre of music meaning another way of expressing yourself. Tell your grandma why you think you shouold go to counseling. But hey, give her a break. Shes old. She could be gone any day now. Im not trying to upset you or anything but yeah, give her a break.
hmmmm just blast it so loud she has a heart attack.

problem solved
lmfao
no thats fuckeD!!  how 'bout we do that to you!
i wont have a hard attack :-p because i like some of that music you know
"hard attack"??!?!?! wtf?????
sowwy i was a lil tipsy XD
Just show her this. Skip to the part talking about Jesus christ. It's pretty funny/awesome in a way. 
For it or against it?

I'm for it.
What's the point in waiting?
hmmm well if i've found the right person why wait
you have to ask, how long before its ok?  how do i know its the one?  how well does the other know me?
you have to ask, how long before its ok?  how do i know its the one?  how well does the other know me?ya i agree with that...i guess some people would just know while others may take years before knowing
Marriage doesn't mean they'll stay with you forever, nor does it mean they love you.
I'm for it. 
Just be careful lol.
Marriage doesn't mean they'll stay with you forever, nor does it mean they love you.*nods*My point exactly.Nowadays marriage doesn't mean anything to most people. So why would someone wait till they're married, when they know divorced could always happen. I just don't get some people.
I hate it when people claim to know the other person or have 'that feeling', and are way wrong.
i think some people just get lucky while others just have to deal with the heartbreak
i am against it. if you wait till marriage then you are sure its for the right reasons and your partner wont give you some crazy disease and it proves your really truly in love if you wait till your married to make love. i think maybe it might prevent some divorce to. plus virginity is sacred it isnt something you should just give away. its your innocence your pureness.
i am against it. if you wait till marriage then you are sure its for the right reasons and your partner wont give you some crazy disease and it proves your really truly in love if you wait till your married to make love. i think maybe it might prevent some divorce to. plus virginity is sacred it isnt something you should just give away. its your innocence your pureness.Some people marry just for sex, and then divorce a few weeks/months later. I've seen it happen.Married or not, you can still get an STD or something from your partner, because they can cheat. I don't see what's so "sacred" about it.
i am against it. if you wait till marriage then you are sure its for the right reasons Marriage doesn't always happen for the right reasons. and your partner wont give you some crazy disease You never know. They could have a shit load of diseases, and they just don't tell you. and it proves your really truly in love if you wait till your married to make love. No, it doesn't. Like I said before, marriage doesn't mean love. i think maybe it might prevent some divorce to. Marriage can't prevent divorce. If you're not married, you can't get divorced lol.  plus virginity is sacred it isnt something you should just give away. its your innocence your pureness. That's what religion and society made it out to be. When really, it's nothing. And what about the people who can't get married?Hun, come back to me when you actually have some good arguements.
I say get it on!
haha ok then
i say its ok but u really need to be comfortable with it...if a person has even the slightest hesitation than they shouldn't do it.  follow the sixth sense
i think its fine, but really it is nice to decide to wait for the sake of not messing it up and making it into something more special.
Well because i come from a culture which advocate that i'm waiting [or trying] until marriage but i have no personal feelings about anyone else having sex. Have fun tbh because i sure as heck am not
I am waiting until i find the special person who i will spend the rest of my life with =)

Depending on the circumstances, i am not for pre-marital sex.
sex should be a very serious matter, because if you make it something casual then it ruins all of what it should be.
you have to remember that a child can possibly be made, so you really have to know who you want to do it with.
and it just makes it better when its with someone you love.
sex is supposed to be the most passionate thing between two people...if its something that done normally it no longer holds that feeling
sex is the way humans reproduct. penis in vagina. that is it.

society has made it into this huge deal about love and passion.
it is.  or at least it should be.  "penis in vagina" says to me that ur a user and that it means nothing to u....good luck with any of ur future relationships that u plan on lasting forever.
Im for it but im not for pre love sex if you know what im getting at.
not for me i would rather wait
waiting is hard but in the end its worth it...it just makes the bond between two people that much stronger
it is.  or at least it should be.  "penis in vagina" says to me that ur a user and that it means nothing to u....good luck with any of ur future relationships that u plan on lasting forever.I'm a user? It means nothing?Way to make horrible judgements off one post. Congrats.Sex is reproduction. It's penis in vagine, sperm with egg. That's all it is.Society has formed it into this magical feelings of bliss and love and marriage. Truth is your first couple times probably won't be that great. Due to the fact you're inexperienced, and it might be a tad awkward and confusing.Sex means something to me. Because I'm letting someone touch my body in ways that no one else can. So obviously I'm not going to let some random stranger do that. It's about trust for me.
waiting is hard but in the end its worth it...it just makes the bond between two people that much strongerMakes them stronger? Bullshit. Waiting has nothing to do with anything.Seen the divorce rate lately?
waiting is hard but in the end its worth it...it just makes the bond between two people that much strongerMakes them stronger? Bullshit. Waiting has nothing to do with anything.Seen the divorce rate lately?divorce...its probably because they went into a relationship not knowing eachother well enough.
it is.  or at least it should be.  "penis in vagina" says to me that ur a user and that it means nothing to u....good luck with any of ur future relationships that u plan on lasting forever.I'm a user? It means nothing?Way to make horrible judgements off one post. Congrats.Sex is reproduction. It's penis in vagine, sperm with egg. That's all it is.Society has formed it into this magical feelings of bliss and love and marriage. Truth is your first couple times probably won't be that great. Due to the fact you're inexperienced, and it might be a tad awkward and confusing.Sex means something to me. Because I'm letting someone touch my body in ways that no one else can. So obviously I'm not going to let some random stranger do that. It's about trust for me.thank u where's my reward?  and for your information my first time was all I had hoped and more...bliss and love and delight all the way and we've been together for years.  u can't tell me its just reproduction...not anymore. it's a form of love and trust...for me anyway and to my partner.
it is.  or at least it should be.  "penis in vagina" says to me that ur a user and that it means nothing to u....good luck with any of ur future relationships that u plan on lasting forever.I'm a user? It means nothing?Way to make horrible judgements off one post. Congrats.Sex is reproduction. It's penis in vagine, sperm with egg. That's all it is.Society has formed it into this magical feelings of bliss and love and marriage. Truth is your first couple times probably won't be that great. Due to the fact you're inexperienced, and it might be a tad awkward and confusing.Sex means something to me. Because I'm letting someone touch my body in ways that no one else can. So obviously I'm not going to let some random stranger do that. It's about trust for me.I agree.Sex is sex.It was designed by evolution for reproduction.Humans are the only animals to mate for pleasure. Every other animal, it is to create offspring.Society created this mythical 'love' and bliss between sex.I'll have sex to get children when i want it and if i want to blow off some steam - I'll do it then but other than that.
it is.  or at least it should be.  "penis in vagina" says to me that ur a user and that it means nothing to u....good luck with any of ur future relationships that u plan on lasting forever.How else would you describe sex?Does the penis go somewhere else?
no but it should be enjoyable.  a male does it more for the physical pleasure but a female does it more for the emotional pleasure.  pleasure plays a major part it in otherwise ur just doing it out of duty rather than want.
Well duh. Most people wouldn't do it if it wasn't pleasurable.

But it is wrong to say that males do it for physical pleasure, and females do it for emotional. 
It's pretty stereotypical and it's not true. Not every male is the same, not every female is the same.
it is.  or at least it should be.  "penis in vagina" says to me that ur a user and that it means nothing to u....good luck with any of ur future relationships that u plan on lasting forever.I'm a user? It means nothing?Way to make horrible judgements off one post. Congrats.Sex is reproduction. It's penis in vagine, sperm with egg. That's all it is.Society has formed it into this magical feelings of bliss and love and marriage. Truth is your first couple times probably won't be that great. Due to the fact you're inexperienced, and it might be a tad awkward and confusing.Sex means something to me. Because I'm letting someone touch my body in ways that no one else can. So obviously I'm not going to let some random stranger do that. It's about trust for me.I agree.Sex is sex.It was designed by evolution for reproduction.Humans are the only animals to mate for pleasure. Every other animal, it is to create offspring.Society created this mythical 'love' and bliss between sex.I'll have sex to get children when i want it and if i want to blow off some steam - I'll do it then but other than that.Don't forget dolphins and bonobos. We are not the only animals that have sex for pleasure.
it is.  or at least it should be.  "penis in vagina" says to me that ur a user and that it means nothing to u....good luck with any of ur future relationships that u plan on lasting forever.I'm a user? It means nothing?Way to make horrible judgements off one post. Congrats.Sex is reproduction. It's penis in vagine, sperm with egg. That's all it is.Society has formed it into this magical feelings of bliss and love and marriage. Truth is your first couple times probably won't be that great. Due to the fact you're inexperienced, and it might be a tad awkward and confusing.Sex means something to me. Because I'm letting someone touch my body in ways that no one else can. So obviously I'm not going to let some random stranger do that. It's about trust for me.I agree.Sex is sex.It was designed by evolution for reproduction.Humans are the only animals to mate for pleasure. Every other animal, it is to create offspring.Society created this mythical 'love' and bliss between sex.I'll have sex to get children when i want it and if i want to blow off some steam - I'll do it then but other than that.Don't forget dolphins and bonobos. We are not the only animals that have sex for pleasure.im not saying its this amazing thing with flowers and candles and like an explosion of romancebut people need to think twice about making it a casual thinga girl can be cursed with an unwanted child if she does soand that causes so many of the problems we have todayidiots making more idiots
waiting is hard but in the end its worth it...it just makes the bond between two people that much strongerMakes them stronger? Bullshit. Waiting has nothing to do with anything.Seen the divorce rate lately?divorce...its probably because they went into a relationship not knowing eachother well enough.Bullshit. I've seen people who have known each other for all their lives, then divorce because they "grow apart". As I've said before, nothing like marriage to ruin a good relationship.
waiting is hard but in the end its worth it...it just makes the bond between two people that much strongerMakes them stronger? Bullshit. Waiting has nothing to do with anything.Seen the divorce rate lately?divorce...its probably because they went into a relationship not knowing eachother well enough.Bullshit. I've seen people who have known each other for all their lives, then divorce because they "grow apart". As I've said before, nothing like marriage to ruin a good relationship.you can't go into a marriage expecting love and joy without working for it.  marriage is something you need to work on throughout the marriage otherwise, yes, it will die.  marriage will become a love between two people based on character.  i find that most marriages that last are also very religious so i'm thinking that plays a major part in it as well
waiting is hard but in the end its worth it...it just makes the bond between two people that much strongerMakes them stronger? Bullshit. Waiting has nothing to do with anything.Seen the divorce rate lately?divorce...its probably because they went into a relationship not knowing eachother well enough.Bullshit. I've seen people who have known each other for all their lives, then divorce because they "grow apart". As I've said before, nothing like marriage to ruin a good relationship.you can't go into a marriage expecting love and joy without working for it.  marriage is something you need to work on throughout the marriage otherwise, yes, it will die.  marriage will become a love between two people based on character.  i find that most marriages that last are also very religious so i'm thinking that plays a major part in it as wellThe fuck? Marriage is supposed to be about "love and joy". Ever notice how when people are dating, everything is perfect. Then bam, a few weeks, hell maybe days, after they're married, they fall apart. Marriage can go burn in hell, that's what I think about it.I've only seen one marriage last, and it lasted 51 years. Only reason they stayed together is because divorce wasn't considered acceptable at the time. By the time it was considered normal *shudder* they couldn't be fucking bothered to go through it, and they were at the age that it would be pointless to do so. Relationships can be awesome, till marriage. Marriage fucks things up, period. Now, this is getting way off topic.Want to debate about divorce? Go make a fucking thread about it.
waiting is hard but in the end its worth it...it just makes the bond between two people that much strongerMakes them stronger? Bullshit. Waiting has nothing to do with anything.Seen the divorce rate lately?divorce...its probably because they went into a relationship not knowing eachother well enough.Bullshit. I've seen people who have known each other for all their lives, then divorce because they "grow apart". As I've said before, nothing like marriage to ruin a good relationship.you can't go into a marriage expecting love and joy without working for it.  marriage is something you need to work on throughout the marriage otherwise, yes, it will die.  marriage will become a love between two people based on character.  i find that most marriages that last are also very religious so i'm thinking that plays a major part in it as wellThe fuck? Marriage is supposed to be about "love and joy". Ever notice how when people are dating, everything is perfect. Then bam, a few weeks, hell maybe days, after they're married, they fall apart. Marriage can go burn in hell, that's what I think about it.I've only seen one marriage last, and it lasted 51 years. Only reason they stayed together is because divorce wasn't considered acceptable at the time. By the time it was considered normal *shudder* they couldn't be fucking bothered to go through it, and they were at the age that it would be pointless to do so. Relationships can be awesome, till marriage. Marriage fucks things up, period. Now, this is getting way off topic.Want to debate about divorce? Go make a fucking thread about it.the thing is, most people who get married reallly shouldnt get married.if marriage is at the right time and between the right people, it can be perfect.it, like all other things, depends on circumstances.
and a marriage can work...around here they work all the time.  my parents have lasted as well as both of thier parents and my friends parents...divorce is actually a rare thing around here
i think divorce is just as popular as marriage now a days
sadly its the truth...really i just hope to be as happy as my parents someday. thats all i want
i think divorce is just as popular as marriage now a dayspeople rush into things and dont know the person well enough to marry them is what the problem seems to be.
i think divorce is just as popular as marriage now a dayspeople rush into things and dont know the person well enough to marry them is what the problem seems to be.they dont give things the proper considerationnot even just with marriagejust look at the financial crisis
..Why are we still derailing this thread? i think divorce is more  popular than marriage now a days fix'd
wow
i am against it. if you wait till marriage then you are sure its for the right reasons and your partner wont give you some crazy disease and it proves your really truly in love if you wait till your married to make love. i think maybe it might prevent some divorce to. plus virginity is sacred it isnt something you should just give away. its your innocence your pureness.LOL
i dont give a shit whether a person does it or not before marriage. but personally, i wanna wait. i'm from the philippines and the people there are conservative...seriously, no bullcrap about that. they really are! plus they're pretty religious too so i guess both factors contribute to my current perspective regarding pre-marital sex. i really can't elaborate it...its like a freakin abstract painting with an implied explanation that comes with it. i dont know...its too complicated to explain. lol
For it or against it?I'm for it.What's the point in waiting?It all depends on how well you know your partner, and how close you are.
i dont give a shit whether a person does it or not before marriage. but personally, i wanna wait. i'm from the philippines and the people there are conservative...seriously, no bullcrap about that. they really are! plus they're pretty religious too so i guess both factors contribute to my current perspective regarding pre-marital sex. i really can't elaborate it...its like a freakin abstract painting with an implied explanation that comes with it. i dont know...its too complicated to explain. lolLook, sir. In the Philippines English is a secondary language and all schools teach it. Why don't you have the time or effort to type properly if you have the luxury to be "emo"? Are you aware of the REAL misery your countrymen is experiencing? Living in a third-world country where inequality and financial problems are evident, you do not have the right to to slit your wrists or think about suicide.Burgouise vermin.
Marriage is bull shit and I don't look down on pre-marital sex
Marriage is bull shit and I don't look down on pre-marital sex marriage is bullshit in your view, but it doesnt mean its bullshit overall
i dont give a shit whether a person does it or not before marriage. but personally, i wanna wait. i'm from the philippines and the people there are conservative...seriously, no bullcrap about that. they really are! plus they're pretty religious too so i guess both factors contribute to my current perspective regarding pre-marital sex. i really can't elaborate it...its like a freakin abstract painting with an implied explanation that comes with it. i dont know...its too complicated to explain. lolLook, sir. In the Philippines English is a secondary language and all schools teach it. Why don't you have the time or effort to type properly if you have the luxury to be "emo"? Are you aware of the REAL misery your countrymen is experiencing? Living in a third-world country where inequality and financial problems are evident, you do not have the right to to slit your wrists or think about suicide.Burgouise vermin.Umm... mine_26 is a girl.
She's a butch probably. My words stay the same.
i dont give a shit whether a person does it or not before marriage. but personally, i wanna wait. i'm from the philippines and the people there are conservative...seriously, no bullcrap about that. they really are! plus they're pretty religious too so i guess both factors contribute to my current perspective regarding pre-marital sex. i really can't elaborate it...its like a freakin abstract painting with an implied explanation that comes with it. i dont know...its too complicated to explain. lolLook, sir. In the Philippines English is a secondary language and all schools teach it. Why don't you have the time or effort to type properly if you have the luxury to be "emo"? Are you aware of the REAL misery your countrymen is experiencing? Living in a third-world country where inequality and financial problems are evident, you do not have the right to to slit your wrists or think about suicide.Burgouise vermin.Umm... mine_26 is a girl.It's a trap!
i dont give a shit whether a person does it or not before marriage. but personally, i wanna wait. i'm from the philippines and the people there are conservative...seriously, no bullcrap about that. they really are! plus they're pretty religious too so i guess both factors contribute to my current perspective regarding pre-marital sex. i really can't elaborate it...its like a freakin abstract painting with an implied explanation that comes with it. i dont know...its too complicated to explain. lolLook, sir. In the Philippines English is a secondary language and all schools teach it. Why don't you have the time or effort to type properly if you have the luxury to be "emo"? Are you aware of the REAL misery your countrymen is experiencing? Living in a third-world country where inequality and financial problems are evident, you do not have the right to to slit your wrists or think about suicide.Burgouise vermin.Umm... mine_26 is a girl.It's a trap!more than a trap, it was a guy named ryan
No it wasn't. Only a Filipino can badmouth his/her own country that bad.
Marriage is bull shit and I don't look down on pre-marital sex marriage is bullshit in your view, but it doesnt mean its bullshit overallHmm maybe not but it's so easy to break the bonds resulting in all the money and time spent going down the drain, plus a woman has just been arrested for having 5 husbands at once guess what the judge said NOT GUILTY my god it was so easy for her to get out of it... Unreal in other words... Bullshit ( anyone can do that)
Marriage is bull shit and I don't look down on pre-marital sex marriage is bullshit in your view, but it doesnt mean its bullshit overallHmm maybe not but it's so easy to break the bonds resulting in all the money and time spent going down the drain, plus a woman has just been arrested for having 5 husbands at once guess what the judge said NOT GUILTY my god it was so easy for her to get out of it... Unreal in other words... Bullshit ( anyone can do that)many people waste time and money on things, not just religion so you gotta think about that again.  and if the judge said not guilty, its probably the only state that allows that or the judge is also of that crazy religion.
In my opinion it's more to do with law than religion cause all religions have it in some shape or form. 
And She don't live in america.. It's the uk




*dumbass*
In my opinion it's more to do with law than religion cause all religions have it in some shape or form. And She don't live in america.. It's the uk*dumbass*since nowhere did I say America, total fail.I also agree on you being a dumbass
why shood you hav 2 wait some peepel mite never get mareed

luv ya
xxx
You said state and as far as it goes America is the only country with English as their first language that calls the divisions of their country states so ha! lolz 

And I know I'm a dumbass and damn proud but your 10 times worse  hehehe
You said state and as far as it goes America is the only country with English as their first language that calls the divisions of their country states so ha! lolz And I know I'm a dumbass and damn proud but your 10 times worse  heheheActually its how you see it.  many countries have states, divisions, or counties.  It's all the same.I've already proven I have a brain unlike yourself
Yep yep whatever tbh I coulldnt care less no more  and I do have a brain ejit I left school a year early and im a 4.0!!!  even though I act my shoe size and not my age the main cause*sugar*
You said state and as far as it goes America is the only country with English as their first language that calls the divisions of their country states so ha! lolz And I know I'm a dumbass and damn proud but your 10 times worse  heheheActually its how you see it.  many countries have states, divisions, or counties.  It's all the same.I've already proven I have a brain unlike yourself brains aren't required for pre-marital sex, leave the future underage mommy alone as a sidenote, no issue with pre-marital here but... jumping right in i also think is kinda... lame tbh, middle ground is better imo... marriage is important to some but to me it is just you saying you know things are serious... which i feel can be achieved with just time...
Yay! Someone agrees 


I like you
Yay! Someone agrees I like you don't get your hopes up... ur unlikely to agree with most of the things i believe
Not true
I believe that people can find love at a young age and can get married but most of the time, kids have sex even before their marriage. Their hormones are raging inside and can't control so they commit the form of sexual intercourse with one other. I do not believe in sex before marriage, I just believe if you have sex, you have sex. There is nothing you can do about it. Don't get overworked about it, it is a natural process for all humans.
[quote name=''emo_dustin_forever' pid='13256' dateline='1254237234']if you have sex' date=' you have sex. There is nothing you can do about it.[/quote']and i thought having sex meant baking cookies, damn...yes there is something you can do about it.. erm.. like idk, not do it?
i say sex before marriage, if i waited till marriage and made it seem like a big deal that i was a virgin, that could put a lot of stress on the guy or somthing, not fair, and sometimes, the sex is what makes or breaks a relationship. you could just get married, have sex, and then lose all feeling for each other. lol. and its like you could use it as an emotional blackmail

"how could you do that! i saved myself for you!" etc.

so yeah, but im not up for underage sex or unsafe sex.
Marriage doesn't mean the person loves you, won't cheat on you, doesn't have an STI or any of that shit.

I'll wait till I love someone, then have sex with them.
That doesn't mean I have to wait till marriage. 

I don't even plan on getting married. Lulz.
Well...I'm not really sure. See, if you do it just to do it, I don't see the point in it. If you're in love, I say "Sure, why not?" But you have to be smart about it. And I don't reccomend that people my age go around having sex. I mean, there IS a limit as to how young you should be. And even if you're married. you can still get STD's or something along those lines...
honestly i do not see a problem with having intercourse before marrige,as long as its safe it good,its not that bad really....umm i lost my mind set again,crap
i'm with it i guess
I used to believe sex was only for until after marriage until I realized that marriage is a bad idea. 
I used to be paranoid and think that marriage would prove that someone was worthy of being with me but being in a really bad "relationship" for a few years proved to me that marriage didn't necessarily prove anything.
Exactly
I'm for it.  Just yesterday I was watching Tyra -__- and there was a part about two people that were virgins and got married, but had never had sex. There mind was blocking it out or something weird.
 Sometimes people have sex just for fun or because the other person is a virgin and they try to help them out..
As long as you know for sure you want it and that person loves you too then I'm all for it, why get tied to each other for life when you havent even had close body contact?
Sometimes people have sex just for fun or because the other person is a virgin and they try to help them out..Help them out? I doubt it. Imo sex is all about hedonism.
Sometimes people have sex just for fun or because the other person is a virgin and they try to help them out..Help them out? I doubt it. Imo sex is all about hedonism.I meant that one of the persons may be a virgin and they don't want to be so the other person goes ahead and takes their virginity as a favor.
I meant that one of the persons may be a virgin and they don't want to be so the other person goes ahead and takes their virginity as a favor.Yeah I know what you meant.
'I meant that one of the persons may be a virgin and they don't want to be so the other person goes ahead and takes their virginity as a favor.lol how is that a favor?
' pid='44047' dateline='1279145308']I meant that one of the persons may be a virgin and they don't want to be so the other person goes ahead and takes their virginity as a favor.lol how is that a favor?Well, many people now don't believe being a virgin is such a good thing, or they don't see the point in waiting for something which might not be as amazing as they thought so you sorta screw 'em and show them what it's like. It could be mind blowing or it could be terrible.
' pid='44056' dateline='1279158798']' pid='44047' dateline='1279145308']I meant that one of the persons may be a virgin and they don't want to be so the other person goes ahead and takes their virginity as a favor.lol how is that a favor?Well, many people now don't believe being a virgin is such a good thing, or they don't see the point in waiting for something which might not be as amazing as they thought so you sorta screw 'em and show them what it's like. It could be mind blowing or it could be terrible.sounds like its more of a favor for the one doing the virgin tbh
' pid='44056' dateline='1279158798']' pid='44047' dateline='1279145308']I meant that one of the persons may be a virgin and they don't want to be so the other person goes ahead and takes their virginity as a favor.lol how is that a favor?Well, many people now don't believe being a virgin is such a good thing, or they don't see the point in waiting for something which might not be as amazing as they thought so you sorta screw 'em and show them what it's like. It could be mind blowing or it could be terrible.sounds like its more of a favor for the one doing the virgin tbhWell if the person doing the virgin is a guy then I think they enjoy it. If it's a girl doing the taking, then it's not enjoyable. It's awkward and you get annoyed when they do it wrong and bleh...not that I would be a pro at knowing it.
Well I am for pre-martiatal sex 200%and that's out of the max being 100%
Why do you support it so much Vlad?
Cause Cabe men didn't only fuck their wives heck I doubt they even had wives so somehow over the years sex and marriage got paired and now we r fixing it
Ph and it feels good and some people won't marry
I am going to wait. I don't care what anyone else does or thinks, they can have their own opinions. I am totally against this, but I feel that other people can do whatever they want.
I'm kinda undecided... I see both sides... But... Eh... 
Somethings bothering me about this poll though... The poll was started by Jesus... And he's for it... Is pre-marital sex not a sin? Put it all together and Jesus = sinner... I'm not being racist or anything, I just thought that was weird... Sorry if someone already noticed and posted this... I was too lazy to read 7 pages of posts DX
Ok so I am going to Aruba on Thursday and I have a crush on my cousin and I will have to be with him while he is shirtless and maybe sometimes him ony wearing a towel and I don't know if I can handle it 


Any help would be apprishated
Um when ever you see him..think of the person you hate...and pretend like thats him.... i dont think i helped
When he is in a towel or shirtless try to avoid him
I will have to prable even sleep in the same room as him and I can't do that I would be with him the whole day prably so I'm screwed any other advice literally and I will have to sit next
to him on an airplane prably
Omg i know that feeling.... I had a crush on one of my cousins. And I had to go EVERYWHERE with her cuz she'd drag me along... then I had to take showers with her. I was sooo screwed. I'm sorry to say, but this is a dead end situation. The most u can do is try avoiding him or averting ur eyes and tinkering with a toy er somethin.. try to distract urself from him? Idk. I just bit my tongue and held it in best i could. Srry, but ur kinda stuck dude. :/
FopyRHHlt3M
Oh wow Scribe thats cruel lol
Ur right cloud that is mean how dare u scribe I'm serious I have a crush on my cousin can u imagion it and I have to be with him for a week I'm gonna die
its a really horrible feeling. D:
What did scribe post?
Yes and it sucks cause he is a playa cause plays guitar
He posted a video of someone laughing
He posted a video of someone laughingI sent her the vid link
Ur mean scribe ohand ps what're the stars for
I thought you were a girl this whole time

Well it shouldnt be that hard to not think about your cousin

xhBi7lLieJU
OMG wtf??? I never saw that vid!!!! I wonder y... hmmmm.
And wat made u think vlad is a girl?????????
Oh but it will be with him shirtless and possible only wearing a towel around me whelk I don't think I could avoid him for a week when we r in the same hotel room
Well think of it this way.  It would be seen as incest, like you know, almost as if its your brother, so remind yourself of how bad it is to think of a brother in that way
But he's so cute and hunky ugh I hate my life I wish there was a machine tht turned people straight
Oh and I love that movie and u didn't answer my question
Well, like i said, ur stuck. Ur just gunna have to bite ur tongue and hope for the best.  Sorry I can't help u so much, vlad. I think u'll survive it, tho. Just think about some sexy girls er somethin. And Scribe's rite. It's bad to think that way.
That's the Worst part I only think of girls in a relationship way and not sex I think of guys when it comes to that
But he's so cute and hunky ugh I hate my life I wish there was a machine tht turned people straightyou should be disgusted when you remind yourself that hes basically a brother to you, that will probably work.
Ummm no not really that just makes it more forbidding and sexy
wow
that's screwed up vlad
I wanna laugh, but I'll feel really bad if I do. DX
wowthat's screwed up vladI wanna laugh, but I'll feel really bad if I do. DXthis is a whole new thing of screwed upnever seen someone with such sick thoughts before
I know I'm a
wreck I don't know what I should do maybe just ummm no that won't work ohwhat if I wait no well umm I could ugh it's useless any help cloud what did u do
wow those are some sick thoughts (sorry) wow um i  dont really know what to say.
Lol I'm serious I need help plz I can't help it
I closed my eyes tight and looked down at my feet whenever she was naked. I thought wat Scribe said would be good to think, then I listened to some really hateful music thought of something really disturbing and ignored my cousin till she would tap me on the shoulder. Don't know if that'll help alot. Try not talking to him so much when u start thinking of him that way cuz u might say some weird stuff and the wrong stuff.
Lol I'm good attalkinf to people it's just my eyes wander to places Ih and I've had a naughty smile on my face since u said that's wrong
noooo comment
I closed my eyes tight and looked down at my feet whenever she was naked. I thought wat Scribe said would be good to think, then I listened to some really hateful music thought of something really disturbing and ignored my cousin till she would tap me on the shoulder. Don't know if that'll help alot. Try not talking to him so much when u start thinking of him that way cuz u might say some weird stuff and the wrong stuff. good point, if something weird was said, thats one week of someone wanting to possibly beat the living crap out of the other, on top of all the adults finding out and well it goes from there how screwed vlad would become
....
hehe lmao wtf Vlad??
Lol yeah I'm good at talking but my eyes wander around to places
And scribe why u no answer my question
I closed my eyes tight and looked down at my feet whenever she was naked. I thought wat Scribe said would be good to think, then I listened to some really hateful music thought of something really disturbing and ignored my cousin till she would tap me on the shoulder. Don't know if that'll help alot. Try not talking to him so much when u start thinking of him that way cuz u might say some weird stuff and the wrong stuff. good point, if something weird was said, thats one week of someone wanting to possibly beat the living crap out of the other, on top of all the adults finding out and well it goes from there how screwed vlad would becomeHeh my point EXACTLY. oooooh i know. just think of how much trouble u'd get if u made the wrong move, and imagine the horrible humiliation u'll put both urself AND ur cousin through.
Lol that might work but it's making me laugh at the trouble cause I don't are about it until it gets to the point so that may work
That might work
lol I've been laughing almost all this time
Lol me to
I hope that works out....
If not u will be the world's WORST CRIMINAL!!!!!
*Dun Dun DUUUUUNNNNN!!!!!*
Lol how
i thought this was a joke at first
Lol no
I almost did, but I had that flashback and thought about how i was in the same situation.
Yeah that would suck If u though I was kidding
Well its just that...well your thoughts...they're kinda sick..not really normal so i thought it was a joke..and then you started saying other stuff so then i believed you
I would have felt evil after u told me u were serious.
Yeah I only tell the truthin general disscussion and u should know that
It's ok Vlad, everyone has flaws. This is just a flaw u and I have. lol
Lol yay we have a connect ion no one else on emopuddle
has
hehe lol 
WE RULE!!!!
in a... sick... kinda way.... 
WELL WE STILL RULE!!!!!
Lol yay
.....
U don't get it u don't have the connection
Ok to get a sense of what I'm feelig think of a person I like that u kinda dealt like but not to much ok and now say ur mom/dads brother married that persons parent how would u feel and u have to spend a eel of them shirtless and possibly naked
Ya i know we're crazy. But pwease don't run batman.
What ????!???
cloud - have you gone to the dark side?
Lol I have cause they got cookies
No, I just haven't taken my medication today- seriously
hehe lol 
I'm bouncing off the ceiling
but my foot got caught so I'm dangling in midair
Lol ke to but I don't take medication lol but I want to oh wait I did I wore my glasses today
Lol nighty night pplz
Wait..were you calling me batman? IM CONFUSED!!!!. :/
Lol
wow, glasses are classified as medication?????
And yes, I was calling u batman randomgirl
I have medication glasses they r special glasseswitj special plastic Thingys to help fix my eyes
r they fun?????
Oh ok
My mom told me she'd get me glasses. Then she told me I need braces too. So I'm getting both and I'm gunna look like a nerdy emo kid DX gah, the HORROR!!
I've had glasses since i was four
Lol I'm getting braces on the 17th of next month an I start school on the 19th lol and can we go back to my problem
Sure vlad.
Yay
So how do u plan to manage?
I am going to think of the humiliation I'd be in if anyone found out
Good we don't want u to die, then we will have no one to throw tomatoes at.
yeah i know but if anyone knew i would either die of humilation or i would literally commit suicide
that's bad
please don't die
Just think of that.
well if anyone finds out i will
Then we has no cookies??
yeah no cupcakes too  gives *cookie and cupcake*
Noooooooo!!!!
We need to has cupcakes and cookies and vladimiretods or all of us will be sad!!!!
yes 



omg i have something to say 


ok admin I AM NOT BLACK so stop it with all of those black advertizements
wtf??
there is the blackscene thing and im not black so i dont want those ads
hehe lol i'm black
but don't send them 2 me either.
lol
well night
night night
Umm hi
Heddo chijin!
Salut (hi in french)
lol i know X3
i can help ya vlad!!  tell  me where your cousin lives so i can beat the hell out of his face and make it look like a baboon's ass.....that would kill your crush like video killed the radio star
Lol he is on an airplane by now yeah Oregon to charrolett takes awhile expecially with their layovers
:/
Lolz yeah
god dammit, my closest friend died recently, and im conflicted: i feel depressed that she died, but i feel pissed since she killed herself and she was the only person who realy knew me and understood what was going on with me. im not sure how to say it other than i need help and i cant go to my parents because theyd be pissed with me just for meeting someone like her.   please, if you have any advice, let me know,  because i just cant stand life without her.
Hey!
You ok?
I'm so sorry for ya!!
You can talk 2 me if ya want?
I'm all ear!
X
thanks. im realy torn to be honest. part of me thinks i couldve done something, while the another part thinks shes still alive, and another part feels like theres nothing i could have done to stop her, and im not sure what i should think.
u cudnt stop her.. this was her choice..
u gotta accept that this was what she wanted..
notting else u can do about it, right?
its always rough when u loose someone dear..
but im sure that she wants u to live on.. and keep her in mind, the positive way..
thanks. 
i guess i never accept that i cant always be there for someone. i realy dont know why its so hard for me to realize that i couldnt help he,
another thing you have to look at... shes not suffering anymore, she in a happier place.
true. now that you mention it, i doubt she could ever have a worse life wherever she may be.
(///.^) make you feel better?
yes. thank you for reminding me of that.
ANYTIME!!^.^
idk if this will make u feel better or not..
but my boyfriend just passed away . may 5 he committed suicide. he was my first boyfriend, and when i found out he was dead, i also had my first heartbreak. also, march 26 last year, my very best friend died in the hospital. shortly after, my godmother was shot before me. if it weren't for her, id be gone, too. Ur not alone with the crushing pain, im right with u. If I can undergo this, u can too. It'll be ok pretty soon... and think, she was ur best friend. she still has an eye on u and ur still in her heart. She's in yours, too, so ur still connected. she's not totally gone if she's in your heart.
Im so sorry for you, like other people have said you couldent do anything and she is in a better place,
thanks for everything everyone, its all helped tons. ive realy come to feel a lot better about this, and i realy cant think of any amount of words to describe how much everything youve said has helped. thank you for the concern.
dude she must have rlly meant a lot to you huh???
thanks for everything everyone, its all helped tons. ive realy come to feel a lot better about this, and i realy cant think of any amount of words to describe how much everything youve said has helped. thank you for the concern.ur very welcome chijin.
Ok, so I was dating this kid a few weeks ago. He liked me, and broke up with another girl for me. He's a year younger than I am. But love has no age. So then, this guy I really liked came to my town for a few days to hang with my other friend who's like his little brother. I used to talk to that kid for hours. But then my phone broke, and I just started talking to him again that day. He's 16 btw. And so the kid I was dating at the time wasn't my ideal boyfriend but I really wanted one at the time because alot's going on in my life and when I'm alone, I do really stupid stuff. So I was trying to save myself by having someone else in my life. But then this boy Andy showed up. And he recognized me and I recognized him the second we saw each other and we've always liked each other. I knew he had a "player" reputation but I don't pay attention to that stuff. I always learn things the hard way. He wants me to express my feelings to him, but I don't know how to because he's the first person ever that has told me they want me to do that. And everyone who knows me, knows I don't like talking. But so I ended up kissing Andy. Then, my cousin, who's a whore, decides to try and take him from me, knowing how he is. And it almost worked but then i told her what i needed to and she said she'd lay off. Then I tried just talking to my boyfriend since I broke up with him that day and my cousin told Andy(my new bf) that I was trying to get with my ex. Now Andy's saying how he loves some other girl he's known forever, and I have no way or courage to talk to him. Now I have no clue whats going on and want to do something really stupid. I can't break up with Andy because if I do that, then I'll do something stupid anyways. I don't know what to do. Besides hurt myself..
Any advice?
love, dont hurt ur self over a guy...its not worth it....i know it may seem like it is but its not...trust me on this...i know from expirence
Dont hurt yourself...ok... And umm maybe he doesnt love another girl...maybe he thinks you're going to break up with him...so he trying to keep his "player" reputation? I dont know..just a guess
yea uhh...boys r totally not worth it....if they make u wanna hurt urself u shouldnt wanna be with either of them..to much drama....u should try to be on ur own for a bit to find out wat u really want nd go from there..
well..... u lov him yes then be honest, honesty is the core and base of every relashionship and u should talk to yer ex aswell cause i hav a feeling hes hurting now alot but i could be wrong
Ok I have never been on the other side of this or on ur side but I have had much more experince in other ways ad why I'm guessing is that he is jealious and he still wants u bad enough to lie to ur new bf and as for ur bf just say when u see him that I want you and only you             And if it doesn't work it wasn't mention to be but if something is mention to be it will happen if you try
Ok thank you(:
well as u know i haven't been here for a good while...there is a reason.
i almost ended my life cutting too deep. it was a complete accident and i was under alot of stress.
are you ok my friend?
well i'm doin better bro.
i was jus really messed up in the head.
any questions do ask, i will answer
goodness u ok???
cloud i'm doin better thanx 4 asking
ur welcome. i did the same thing some time ago. But plz be careful.
i shall
i was just under alot of stress
i applied too much preasure while cutting
Gah, I don't even know you, but I still feel worried... Um, I wish I could say more, but like I said, I don't know you... *Offers hugs?* I guess as long as you're okay and fine now that it's mostly okay now for the time being...
Death bothers me from time to time but it happens to everybody. No use rolling over and crying.I like this quote:"So many people tiptoe through life, so carefully, to arrive, safely, at death."-Tony CampoloLove exists, it's just not as flowery as you think though. Like, chemical reactions, hormones, drives and all that stuffThat's too true I've seen it hurt people in more ways than oneSo? Your belief doesn't stop it from existing.If you avoid pain, you're avoiding a fundamental and inevitable part of life.Not taking risks is simply cowardly.
Ehh but the way I've seen love is that the other person is dependant on their counterpart I don't want to be like that it gives me shives but hey that's just me...
Ehh but the way I've seen love is that the other person is dependant on their counterpart I don't want to be like that it gives me shives but hey that's just me...true most relationships are like that
Ehh but the way I've seen love is that the other person is dependant on their counterpart I don't want to be like that it gives me shives but hey that's just me...You're afraid of commitment? You favor promiscuity?
Ehh but the way I've seen love is that the other person is dependant on their counterpart I don't want to be like that it gives me shives but hey that's just me...You're afraid of commitment? You favor promiscuity?No I don't favour anything with anyone other than friendship NOT promiscuity
I just want to tell you that love doesn't turn people into parasites.

How do you have sex without love if not for promiscuity?
I'll keep that in mind and I wouldn't have sex at all
"Sex is a crucial component to the Kyle Gass project"
Satan SHUDUP!! Meh you aren't HELPING
Satan SHUDUP!! Meh you aren't HELPINGSorry....I was just quoting movies agen =[
Ehhh again?? Don't mention the Ssssss word hehe
Since you all were talking about love I separated it from the other thread.
Thanks scribe
Lol sex is for everyone and so is love thy just matched up somehow in devlopement and got suggested to be one cause cavemen didn't have sex always with they ones they loved So over the years sex an Love got matched they weren't always together
any and all opinions are wanted

He Doesent Seem Like he can Handle a Relationship. If he Cant treat you Properly. He shouldent Get Between The relatioinship of you & your Friends . & If your On and off in the Period of a Month & you hear about him making out with his Ex  somethings Not Right & Clearly Him saying "the past is in the past"  Hes Trying to Hide something. You Deserve Better Than Him. You have all summer To Flirt & have Fun. 
Breakup & find someone whoes worth your Time. I  have been in your situation its not fun.
He Doesent Seem Like he can Handle a Relationship. If he Cant treat you Properly. He shouldent Get Between The relatioinship of you & your Friends . & If your On and off in the Period of a Month & you hear about him making out with his Ex  somethings Not Right & Clearly Him saying "the past is in the past"  Hes Trying to Hide something. You Deserve Better Than Him. You have all summer To Flirt & have Fun. Breakup & find someone whoes worth your Time. I  have been in your situation its not fun.thanks i agree i feel as if he is trying to hide something and im getting told that hes been hanging out with her a lot which is ok but he takes her to places where he thinks no one go to and so my friends walk by and they see him with her so im considering breaking up with him i know i can and i do deserve better thank you im in college so i dont really have a summer vacation but i know what you mean besides im only 17  no need to settle down so soon
Break up with him!
Alright my fellow Emo Puddlers, after Wednesday 7th i won't be on for a good week or too. if i am it would be amazing. for thoes who believe and the ones who don't, please pray that im safe. i love you all and i wil talk to you soon
also for the ppl who have thier poetry on my site, i will get on that hopfully b4 i go but if not, i'll do asap when i get back ?
good luck and godbless
thanks, ????
hope you stay safe, my heart's out for you
yeah goodluck hunni, stay safe and godbless
good luck mon ami
thanks guyz
oh stay safe
she did she tore my heart to peices , i told her i loved her and she said i was no diffrent then the rest of boys she went out so i broke up with her
It may not feel like it now but it was a probably good that it happend sooner than later otherwise she would of kept on hurting you
you'll find someone who feels the same, just keep your chin up and when you find that person you'll be glad did
ur nice and optimistic but i dont think i will for awhile
me? optimistic? well I'm glad I appear like that to other people ...
Naww im sorry to hear about that hunni.. but as Chem said it sounded like it was for the best.You will find the right one everybody has a match made for them somewhere out in the world
ur nice and optimistic but i dont think i will for awhileit's better not to find someone for awhile. bc if you get back into a relationship to earily then it WILL damage it b4 it began. you would be bring all your hurt and un trust with you and that would be unfair for you and the one your dating. trust me i know i went through what your going through.  but like the othere said, you will find someone that will love you as much or even more then you can love. you can always msg me on aim or send a pm is you want to talk
well im going to be doing ALOT of writng to vent my current confused feelings
shes not worth it 
trust me instead of spending your time moping around because of her
get out there and find someone else.....
dont let her win....that will just be doing her a favor and making her feel better about what she did to you so dont....get out there and find someone thats really worth shedding tears for
no im happy now im glad ive ended it but all this freaking drama has been a great creative stimulate, and i thank u for ur kind advice
enter the poetry contest tomarrow you a good writer and you poems will be good bc of what your going thro
im writng the ultamate poem for how i feel right this second for the contest tomorrow
meh..if she hurt you so bad..if she was that heartless..the bitch deserved it =]
Hey guys, I am currently in year 9 and i need some help with what to do.. its not that serious though

me and my friend matt were the best of friends in year 7.. and like halfway through year 8. Then we started fading away from each other. By the end of year 8 we were sort of friends.. and now in year 9 we are too..

The reason we drifted apart was because some of our friends left, some stayed and unfortunatly some joined us.. because some people joined our 'group' it slowly turned matt against me, we used to be the best of friends..

Ever since our small rift he has been paying me out saying im emo and making jokes and stuff..

Matt and I hang out in the same group or whatever..

Should I 'break up' with Matt?
If I do then I might end up with no friends..
I suppose that doesn't matter because all i do is listen to music at school and rarely go though.
Friends come and friends go. Just don't worry. I had friends when I lived in Hawaii but now were drifted apart. They chat with me once in a while but eversince I chose to become scene they think I cry and cut myself (stereotypical shit). You can tell him your the same on the inside. Or you can move on and be friends who'll accept you for who you are.
this is something i come to learn  some friends are met to be with you forever some are just for the season
u need to sit down and talk to him and find out why hes turned on u
Okay for the past 2 days Ive been getting chased after school by 5 girls(one of them is which is the ''leader'') and its of a Huge mis-understanding i tried explaning it to her,but she still wants to fight,I dislike fighting,but she wont stop untill i do fight her,The thing is she makes it un-fair by saying 5 agianst one,which she will obviously win.Yeah i do have alot of people who want to come down to my school ,beat the shit out of them,The thing is one of the girls carry's a knife with her so ofcourse im gonna run,i dont want to die you know,And my friends can get a bit overboard,because they will bring knives and shit,which will only make thing worse,i guess i got to tell the girl if she wants to fight do it one on one,because obviously she is gonna win if its an unfair number.
Honestly,thi sis all for no reason,She likes action and she wants attention from the school.and she hates the fact that im bi.and she cant deal  with it without tryin to get her hands on me,Shes honestly made my school life miserable.She wont stop,she waits for me in the morning and afternoon,She knows where i live and im so close to reaching my giveingup point where im gonna say''okay just come,and beat the shit out of me ill stand here''But i realised im not fighting for me.Im gonna stand strong and fight for me,myself and everyone that has to deal with this nonsence,Because its so pathetic.People need to grow up.
suggestions?
advice?
Yeah,My mates and all know,Teachers know cause they have seen it and all.
i would say fight, but the thing is, it will never end after that, if she wins, she will taunt you for a while, if you win, she will want to fight again.  i went through this, but it was a former friend trying to act all cool, and he desided to be anti-emo, and fight me. i am stronger then him, and i can fight, but it never ended after that.
Yeah,Well its different here,its that you Have to fight them or they wont stop harassing you,If u do fight them,Then the next day everything is back to normal thats how it is here
Yeah,Well its different here,its that you Have to fight them or they wont stop harassing you,If u do fight them,Then the next day everything is back to normal thats how it is hereif thats the case then ur gunna have to fight her this happened 2 me b4 2 i didn't wanna fight but i did just to get over it but if u dn't want to just dn't
Yeah i dont want to fight,i dont like violence,but its like she wont stop..and apprentely so ive heard that im going to this party and shes gonna be there to try and stab me,shes capable of doing that stuff,cause shes done it before,i guess i just shouldnt take the risk and not go to the party.
call the police and give her in for weapon assualt?
Why did all the kool people leave EP?I mean, so what?! a bunch of trolls cam in and bugged us (well you) i jus got here. So, if you do come back on here to read shit, then y not come back?WE ALL HATE THE NEWBS!!!!!!! (well whoever's left of us)we loveded you..... *cries*this was the first place on the "net" where i could come be myself. and talk to ppl  like me.... *sighs* bye guys.....
yeah it sucks
i kno, Randomgirl was RANDOM!!!! which was funny... she could always lighten the mood.....
and alex.... he was kool....
i kno there were others but sorry guys.....
yea it sucks that they ALL left =\
v.\\\ i knos... *sighs* at least you'll stay wont you?
A lot of cool people did leave, I've considered myself not a newbie now so I know what you mean
yeah it sez ur a senior mmbr..... thats a lot of posts in a month..... so gfy

^.^ (sry to sound rude)
Well some people r coming back on so it is getting better but there r still alot of them not active oh and I will be very inactive for the next few weeks cause I am going to flordia
O.O wow.... where do you live?
Some of the newd are kool, so i dont hate all the newbs. Rawrz! i growl at u!
yeah i post a lot lol, I just relised I've been here longer than you lol
v.\\\ i knos... *sighs* at least you'll stay wont you?mhm
wow..... crazy shit...
xyza
right i want people oppinions now plz, 
i am not a sterotype popular but im not scene emo or goth 
i like everyone exception of arse's company
should i feel offended when i see all the coments hating on popular people or do i get to be a exception. XP
i dont think i should offend you. 
I mean if you dont act like your the shit or dont bullie people than you shouldnt 
When I say popoular people im talking about the one's that think there the shit and bully other kids.
If you dont do that then who gives a fuck ?
yeah I agree treat others how you want to be treated and all that crap
okay i feel a bit silly abut this but hopefully someone can understand and help me 

when i first started school there was a boy in my class he was emo i wasnt classed anything as i have friends that are prep emo and scene  me and him were best friends and he was the best friend i could of ever have and we got closer and he asked me out and i said no tbh i was a total bitch i only didnt go out with him because of what people fault i let my old  "friends" talk me out of it i wish i didnt know .then we went through stages were i liked him then he liked me this lasted untill year 11 Then we fault wed give us a shot untill he turnt up with a girlfriend i told him i had lost all respect for him and i havnt spoken to him since, he left school after and hasnt come back for any tests i was hoping id see him again i relised how much i really liked him it even sent me into depression because even though i had friend to talk to i felt alone i dont know where he lives who he hangs out with now and have no way of getting in contact with him he was the most amazing friend ever and he really cared about me and i still do about him 

what do i do ? do i give up and just take it that i probably wont see him or be with him , or try harder to find him even if his happy now ? maybe this is karma but theres more to the story
please help x
thanks i really wish someone had a magic answere i really let a good one go even when we were bestfriends everyone said theyre was something about us i helped throug alot of things as he come from a bad background and he might aswell worshiped me he treated me so good he kept a drawing i drew in art and put it up in his bedroom he always told me how beautiful i was he was my rock you could say and no everythings going bad for me my family are getting terrible its like living in ww3 with them 
i really hope one day il meet him again  my mates have seen him around but ive never been with them when they have
what would you do in my position?
yeahh i guess so gotta say though i was lucky to have him while i did obverise id prob be a total chav HA , yeah hopefully he comes prom but dont see why he would he didnt turn up for any test but yea onwards and upwards i really hope his well though last time i saw him he was taking some serious stuff and then i heard he was dead but i know his not lol
woww....thts kinda weord fo rsomeone to say tht he is dead if hes not...yup...crazzy
i think it was some dambass said it on his facebook because he stopped coming on and the another dumbass believed it . but i did say to someone it is like he is dead noones heard from him , if they took that as he is dead ... serious idiots loool
aha!! yea but they really shouldnt start sayin stuff if they dont kno if its true or not
egsactly but i have tried to contact "the dead" hehe i mean him i even spoke to the girlfriend he ditched me for she said she saw him like a month ago and aint heard from him since
ohh....maybe its hard for him to live without u!!!
dunoo doubt it i did see him once after again acted like a idiot the day before i had been crying to my mate about him then i saw him and my mate said he was here for that girl and i got over jealous because i had been trying to get hold of him for so long and my mate pushed me to talk to him and said id regret it if i didnt but i said i wouldnt and all he said to me is hey lisa , why you tryna copy my hair colour in a jokey way and i said i think youll find i had it first. ERR SUCH A TARD. should jumped on him while i had the chance
ohh....well i dont kno wat to say to tht but im sorry tht this is causin u so much pain....
Try finding this person on a social network site, that usually works.
he was on facebook but hasnt come on for atleast 3months and i think someone else is going on for him cause they just changed his status to single
The girl looks like a 10 year old and the boy looks like an 8 year old.

If you're going to be dumb enough and have sex at that age at least wear protection damn.
*eye roll*
Times like this where idiots should use abortion.
Sucks to be the baby.
The girl looks like a 10 year old and the boy looks like an 8 year old.If you're going to be dumb enough and have sex at that age at least wear protection damn.*eye roll*Times like this where idiots should use abortion.she looks like a pedo old lady next to him dude!when i saw a video of this all i could imagine was that little boy doing it!*gouges out eyes*
Sucks to be the baby.Gonna suck more to explain that in the very near future.
Sucks to be the baby.Gonna suck more to explain that in the very near future.Imagine telling someone your father is 23 when you are 10...
Poor baby.

The kid looks like a 6 year old in my opinion, the girl looks about 10.

Now they don't even know who the father is..
That girl is just eww.
....wow.... that blows my mind. wtf were they thinking????
Alfie isn't the dad its another 15 Year old kid 
still thats fucked up
bahahahahaha man i've never heard anyone combine abortion and cake
Ewww...ugh. At 13?! WTF WERE THEY THINKING???
At fucking 13 that's wrong.
I don't want to think about I child till in my late 20's early 30's nevermind 13 that's how old I am.
The girl looks like a 10 year old and the boy looks like an 8 year old.If you're going to be dumb enough and have sex at that age at least wear protection damn.*eye roll*Times like this where idiots should use abortion.to me the boy looks like he is about 7 and the girl looks as if she is about 16. this was a stupid mistake but they will learn from it. everyone makes mistakes and they will learn from it just give them time to. it is true they should have at leat used protection. but they didn't. again we all make mistakes. only one person in history had a perfect life. don't judge by their mistakes. it's not right.
woah 0.0!
sheesh! what is the world coming too??
whats next? 
9 year olds getting married?
well they just pretty much screwd up their life..
but still did the right thing cause i am 100% against abortion!! 
WHO'S WITH ME WITH BEING AGAINST ABORTION!!!
13? bit old for ur common chav no? well they're making progress i guess...
Nah not really it used to be 14 but they were more like your common rape on the estate sorta things
just looking at that photo with all 3 of them it looks like  a                 pedophiel          a 7-8 year old                   and an ordenery baby                       
the litle boy dident smiel in the howll thing!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
he looked reely sad
_ DAMN.
im srry but what caused that girl to fuck him 
like i would be thinking about my little brother wen doing tht
What do you think about it?
I think I've made it obvious by now that I hate marriage with a passion.
Same goes for divorce.

Why can't people just be happy just dating? What's the point in marriage?

I, seriously, don't fucking get what's so appealing about marriage. 
Can someone please enlighten me?
i think the idea of having a certain bond with someone is worth getting married for.
and i know you can have that without getting married, but i think marriage just makes it a final thing.
like a reminder.
it makes it more officially.
of course i can understand why you are a cynic, but you should really respect marriage when it is between the right people.
because truth be told, a lot of people get married when they shouldnt.
It gives you benefits.

Lets say I had a kid right now. If I die, I want the kid to go to my bf since we're a great family or whatever. I die. I don't think the bf would get the kid becase we're not married.
Marriage gives you health benefits and stuff in the country.
Provides care and legal shit with your spouse.
i think marriage is way to hold on to someone more.  with dating its so much easier to break it off and move on to the next one but with marriage it kinda makes you think twice before doing something that would hurt your partner.
It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.
It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.right and putting a ring on ur partners hand is kinda telling everyone that they're taken for good.  its also a bond that holds the two together.  its amazing what little rings can signify
i think the idea of having a certain bond with someone is worth getting married for.and i know you can have that without getting married, but i think marriage just makes it a final thing.like a reminder.it makes it more officially.of course i can understand why you are a cynic, but you should really respect marriage when it is between the right people.because truth be told, a lot of people get married when they shouldnt.I had to bold this part, because very little people today wait to marry and wait to know each other before marriage.  If you know that someone extremely well and you know you'll stay with them, marriage is a great way to back it up even if you are already that certain.Besides, if you get married the ceremony and such can be how you want it, after party anyone?
i think the idea of having a certain bond with someone is worth getting married for.and i know you can have that without getting married, but i think marriage just makes it a final thing.like a reminder.it makes it more officially.of course i can understand why you are a cynic, but you should really respect marriage when it is between the right people.because truth be told, a lot of people get married when they shouldnt.I had to bold this part, because very little people today wait to marry and wait to know each other before marriage.  If you know that someone extremely well and you know you'll stay with them, marriage is a great way to back it up even if you are already that certain.Besides, if you get married the ceremony and such can be how you want it, after party anyone? heheits pretty much an all around good thingunder the right circumstances
i think the idea of having a certain bond with someone is worth getting married for.I think the idea of marriage is stupid and out dated.You should be happy enough dating someone. I've seen people break up after proposing and getting turned down, because whoever they proposed to was against marriage. That should tell you something.It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.oh, and what about arranged marriages?It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.right and putting a ring on ur partners hand is kinda telling everyone that they're taken for good.  its also a bond that holds the two together.  its amazing what little rings can signifyI'm not even going to touch that.
i think the idea of having a certain bond with someone is worth getting married for.I think the idea of marriage is stupid and out dated.You should be happy enough dating someone. I've seen people break up after proposing and getting turned down, because whoever they proposed to was against marriage. That should tell you something.It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.oh, and what about arranged marriages?It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.right and putting a ring on ur partners hand is kinda telling everyone that they're taken for good.  its also a bond that holds the two together.  its amazing what little rings can signifyI'm not even going to touch that.yes i know...marriage is just something that we should do away with...i know u hate marriage and i respect that.
i think the idea of having a certain bond with someone is worth getting married for.I think the idea of marriage is stupid and out dated.You should be happy enough dating someone. I've seen people break up after proposing and getting turned down, because whoever they proposed to was against marriage. That should tell you something.It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.oh, and what about arranged marriages?It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.right and putting a ring on ur partners hand is kinda telling everyone that they're taken for good.  its also a bond that holds the two together.  its amazing what little rings can signifyI'm not even going to touch that.yes i know...marriage is just something that we should do away with...i know u hate marriage and i respect that.I never said do away with it. Don't put words in my mouth.
i think the idea of having a certain bond with someone is worth getting married for.I think the idea of marriage is stupid and out dated.You should be happy enough dating someone. I've seen people break up after proposing and getting turned down, because whoever they proposed to was against marriage. That should tell you something.It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.oh, and what about arranged marriages?It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.right and putting a ring on ur partners hand is kinda telling everyone that they're taken for good.  its also a bond that holds the two together.  its amazing what little rings can signifyI'm not even going to touch that.yes i know...marriage is just something that we should do away with...i know u hate marriage and i respect that.I never said do away with it. Don't put words in my mouth.ella es una idiota, verdad?
i think the idea of having a certain bond with someone is worth getting married for.I think the idea of marriage is stupid and out dated.You should be happy enough dating someone. I've seen people break up after proposing and getting turned down, because whoever they proposed to was against marriage. That should tell you something.It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.oh, and what about arranged marriages?It has an ultimate bond, and means you truely love your significant other.right and putting a ring on ur partners hand is kinda telling everyone that they're taken for good.  its also a bond that holds the two together.  its amazing what little rings can signifyI'm not even going to touch that.yes i know...marriage is just something that we should do away with...i know u hate marriage and i respect that.I never said do away with it. Don't put words in my mouth.ella es una idiota, verdad?es muy verdad
Lmao!
What do you think about it?I think I've made it obvious by now that I hate marriage with a passion.Same goes for divorce.Why can't people just be happy just dating? What's the point in marriage?I, seriously, don't fucking get what's so appealing about marriage. Can someone please enlighten me?I'm getting married .... .... for the tax benefits,
o_O
haha wow
What do you think about it?I think I've made it obvious by now that I hate marriage with a passion.Same goes for divorce.Why can't people just be happy just dating? What's the point in marriage?I, seriously, don't fucking get what's so appealing about marriage. Can someone please enlighten me?I'm getting married .... .... for the tax benefits,the sad truth
What do you think about it?I think I've made it obvious by now that I hate marriage with a passion.Same goes for divorce.Why can't people just be happy just dating? What's the point in marriage?I, seriously, don't fucking get what's so appealing about marriage. Can someone please enlighten me?I'm getting married .... .... for the tax benefits,the sad truthya apparently the "fun" stuff only lasts like the first year or soemthing
my mother says that she disagrees and that the first year is usually the hardest
i guess its different for everyone.  my mom said it was hard her first year but she said it was only because she was going through a depression or something.
exactly, because it takes time getting used to living with someone and its just something totally different
wow ya  man i'm net even sure if i could handle that... i'm so used to living alone
i think i might be cool with getting married if its the right time in my life
ya you get lonely after awhile.  i just want to experiance a life on my own first...get the partying out of me first
thats very good
well i want to go into a marriage mature and responsible...not still in the party stage...thats not healthy for a relationship
yea because no one is every fully ready to get married, so its better to be at a more mature state in your life
I say

just

live

with

the

person.

and
don'tmarry.
i think living with a person and not getting married is a stupid idea because there is no sense of commitment
i think living with a person and not getting married is a stupid idea because there is no sense of commitmentIf you have to get married to be committed, then there's an issue.
i think living with a person and not getting married is a stupid idea because there is no sense of commitmentIf you have to get married to be committed, then there's an issue.there should be commitment before the marriage
I believe in marriage and it strengthens the bond between the two loved ones because it makes them even more committed toward one other which is a good thing.
Lmao!
ummmmmmmm well what i understand is that getting married is just another way of saying i want to be with u forever and prooving it and thats all to it 

oh snap i just blew it
you're the one who came p with the "No sex before marriage" bullshit Mr JC _
i think getting married really puts the pressure on you to make things work with the person you love...because it's too much trouble breaking up then :-p and it's just...i dunno..its just a great thing =] 

thats why me and patrick (xcx_atreyu_xcx) are getting married =^.^= soon..
 i love him so much....

=] so really...IM READY TO STAMP THIS LETTER FOR ETERNITY!
I really dont have a view on marriage anymore. 
I mean it used to be so much to me before but now its jus blah! 
Like think about its like the same thing like having a relationship but just putting a label on it. 
Yeah you can have a great celebration when your getting married so what. 
What changed my view point is that gay people cant get married in some states. 
Some are perfectly happy with there relationship how it is and not putting a label on it
i think tht marriage says tht u hav undying love for tht person at the moment....but lots of times the rush goes away nd they get divorced.....honestly marriage is kinda useless but its to show how much u love tht person so yea!!
u should know you love that person regardless
ok so i read the rules and i says u have to be 13

what the shit i beleive that if u r an emo and want to have emo friends u should be able to be on this website

i am sorry but it just seems like it if a weird rule
like seriously i want to know please admins please tell me y that is a rule
wat do you mean bc im sure (if you dont alreddy kno) "they mean older than..."
well 13 and older but still please someone tell me    facebook doesnt have that rule
its more of a liability and legal thing probably for all websites, and the fact kids start maturing around there so they arent bound to post useless garbage at that age and above.
lolz now tht would really b funny to see
 and you cant deny it 
but ur right and somethings 
here are just to crzy for under 13
Well I am standing up for them and I understand the liablity thing but anything else fuck that shit
if I was here and I was under 13 I Might be  more fucked up then i already am ( but then I highly doubt that) the point is that under 13s minds shouldent ( but probably are) ready for  whats here, damn we're all fucked up , yay
well if there r people already on here that r on here that r under 13 i bet they would be haert broken b/c this website has changed me to  be more happy
anyone got an answer to that     


HUH?????? i thought so
well that could go either way but i think they should have a seperate site for under 13 that way its more age appropriate and there still getting the socialization that doesnt send them asking there parents what cum is
Lol well I doubt their parents would know
lol seriously my lil bros 11 and he was on a site like this and found a new word and asked my mom what a pussy was she said a cat
Lol well I went to a middle school sometime and they were talking about all that and more
lol kids today they just grow up so fast dont u just love it less akward questions ans discussions 

oh btw love your sig lol
Thanks and it is shocking what they know
I blame movies
ive met 10yr olds that know a hell of a lot more then me... just about everything is revolved around that now days magazines, movies, cartoons, chat rooms, all that
i understand but something happened to dis one kid that i know 
she went on this site and lied about her age to register 
so the mother didnt like the website she went on because of the things it was talking about 
the mother wanted to get the site closed down because her daughter was on it and other kids like her daughter cant go on it 
but i heard her and i looked at the site and told her that she really cant because her daughter lied about her age 
so there's really no point
honestly it really is stupid but it also doesnt matter....the computer doesnt kno ur real age...even though im aganst it u could always lie...
i know 
but that could happen with an some EXTREME PARENTS
Right how would you feel if you discovered that your boyfriend of 3 months still had a card for his ex that told her he loved her? I really need help on this guys... Me and my BF had a fight over this last night... I still havn't told him why im off with him at the moment... But would you confront them? Or leave it and think 'she didn't get the card, there not together now... I hold his heart not her'... Oh and his ex is also his next door neighbour
well..Its a card,and i get that ur obviously gonna be upset about it,but everyone has atleast something from there ex,Okay for example,imagine ur and ur bf had broken up right,would u throw everything away? would u like not have one thing of existance to remember what you had?
well..Its a card,and i get that ur obviously gonna be upset about it,but everyone has atleast something from there ex,Okay for example,imagine ur and ur bf had broken up right,would u throw everything away? would u like not have one thing of existance to remember what you had?This is true, just ignore it
just ignore the card
Just ignore it and pretend you didnt see it.
its true you should ignore the card 
but if its really bugging you then you can ask him bout it 
but i cant promise you if it will make it worse or better 
you have to learn to trust your bf 
your lucky to have someone tht cares for you
He is with you now, Everyone has a reminder of their last love, Dont think about it and just be happy with what you have
Thanks dears xD We've sorted it now lolz xD It caused a argument but he saw my point, and told me if he had found something from my ex he would have acted the same way  Both as bad as eachother I guess =/ lmao xD I overreacted, but thanks for the advice xD 
your welcome
Um well I have discovered that I am pansexual but now I have to tell my parents. I think my dad will be understanding and exept it but my mom will laugh at me tell my gramma and she will tell me I'm going to hell and take me to confession and then she will tell everyone els on my family and it will be hell. So anyone know how I can break this to my mom.
hey sorry whats pansexual ? 
and im sure you mum would be okay about if you tell them it seriously
I dont care if someone is a guy or girl or any rase and shit like that.
ow okay thats good they shouldnt laugh at you if thats how you feel.Why dont you start by telling your dad and ask his oppinion on how to tell your mum
k
simple minded and not liking something is completely different.  Loving the family member is normal, but they dont have to love or accept everything you do, not all families agree or share the same views as the others, but they can still get along with everything else.  So it wont be much of an issue with parents unless theyre some sort of extreme.
if i knwe how my mom would react to something like that, i jus wouldnt tell her. id tell my dad to keep it on the hush hush. lol...

but in my case it was my mom keeping quiet to my dad.///.^
i wish i could tell my parents
if you take your own life your going to hell ? 

i mean a read a poem and it got me wondering about it 
i mean do you really believe the fact that if you take your own life, you are damned. You cannot go to Heaven.

do you believe it ?
Wow i never thought about that... I dnt know since im nt sure about heaven anyway,ive never considerd tha  :/
Well I am charholic and in my bible it says u r but that is prably the new testimate and jeasus said to not add or take away from anything religious
Charholic?
im pretty sure that he meant Catholic i think... lol
if you take your own life your going to hell ? i mean a read a poem and it got me wondering about it i mean do you really believe the fact that if you take your own life, you are damned. You cannot go to Heaven.do you believe it ?no its total shit.
lol yes i ment catholic  and it could be total shit but we dont even know if heaven or hell is real
we dont know if anything is real now a days !
i dont even believe in heaven or hell,truly i believe when we die we die,it may be dark but its just the fact that they cant give any type of proof that heaven or hell is real,or that if there is an after life,every religion(no offense to anyone that has a certain religion) has large pieces of logic in it missing,they bend the truth about many thing truly i feel that if there was no religion there would be a better world.
i see where ur coming from 
and its true if there was no religion things would b a little bit easier and also harder 
there was a movie tht came out like a year ago or something 
and it has a comedy central guy just going around the world and talking bout 
these religions and meeting people and shit and like making fun of them and shit 
its called religulous
charholic lol, yeah its hard what to know what to believe lol
yeah lol its hard to know what to believe now
right like i believe in god sometimes 
other i jus wonder about the other religions and shit
My relgion doesnt even have a hell. (or is it we dont have a devil? or both? Whatever)
Yay angel u r back  and really??
I'm wiccan. And teh name is Alex _
im always curious in Wicca 
i always wanted to look it up
Same  here
im going to google it
Okay so ive ive found this a major problem,
Alot of people are being abused,beaten up and sometimes in serious cases murdered,just because there different to other people?I honestly think its Bullshit,People need to grow up and learn to except one and other,no matter what there race or steroetype is.I dont know why they find it so amusing putting people down, and sometimes in most cases making them attempt Suicide.
High School is one of the worst of all,its filled with judgemental fags,And thats why we all need to stick by eachother because the world is only going to get worse with this type of behavior.I think People should be proud of being different,your all soo unique and thats something i value in myself too.
I agree its stupid the way that being diffrent makes your life miserable it shouldent be that way
I agree with that (:
i agree. actually i hav lived in the abuse and fightin since like 1st grade it needs to stop because i know how it feels and it does not feel great and it is not fun.....its bullshit and just fuckin stupid
exactly me to but mostly i start it because they be ttalking shit about me and then they think its fine so i just shut them the fuck up
How do you shut them up?
Imitate 3 guys 1 hammer...how else?
Or 4 guys agenst one blackbelt I think u know what happens next
Apparently vlad doesnt know what 3 guys 1 hammer is..
clearly not
well, Just give them some ass wooping,and ull be fine (:
Or 4 guys agenst one blackbelt I think u know what happens nextthe blackbelt gets his ass beat
i dont know if this is really serouis or not so you deicide...

but there are lezzbos and bi's at my skool that are girls and everything.. and its fine if they're seeing another dude and girl its all rite for girls 

but tell me why is it wen I asked this one bisexual jus as a question what would she do if her boyfriend turned out bi ? 

Now she loves this boy like SSSOOO much and they plan to get married and all tht lovey-dovey shit 

Now her answer to my question is "i would dump/drop him" 

now to me it sounds like girls could like both genders but boys cant..


NOW whats your thought after readin this
id date a bi boy if he liked me back
it doesnt matter to me
i guess some people like you would do that 
but others would jus say no if there bi and 
I think its not fair to the boys at all
like i said if they like me and i like them ill date em
thats what i dont get also
if u like the guy you like him 
he's the same kind of person you are 
but i understand it if it was a straight person though
hehe i dont care
*psst* im straight lol
OMGEEEE 
really i didnt knoe tht !! 
i really thought u were bi
no im straight
things jus cleared up now
what??
I think the whole thing is dumb.
yeah if she really loved him it should be unconditional love.. not "i love you bc ur straight." TAHTS BULLSHIT!!!
thats what i was meaning to say
///.^
==
rite but ders alot of girls that saii that to 
even if there not in a relationship 
they still are like o im not going out wit a dude whos bi 
im like WTF !
I think the whole thing is dumb.i agree it is stupid
I would date a Bi Boy
arent you bi urself ????
I dont know,its maybe because some girls,dont want there boyfriends having any sexual realtionships with another because,he can get attracted to a guy.and in some cases the bf dumps his gf for the other guy., thats why..
But,for guys they Love it when girls hook up with girls..
I wouldnt mind at all having a boyfriend which is bi.
Hi, If African_emo_barbie is aking me wether I'm bi, then yeah, although I'm too scared to tell anyone, they would beat the fuck out of me even more so, people at my school dont take to kindly to that sort of thing
gasp !! 
we should shove a rainbow dildo up all there throats!
nah we can go to 
spencers for tht !!!
cuz  my friend got 1 from there !
really? cool then, coz we wont look suspicious at all walking around with lots of dildoz, rainbow ones none the less
yes we wont at all 
cause the teachers would want to use them afterward so 
they'll let us
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!  thanks fro putting the idea of my teachers using rainbow dildoes after being shoved down the throats of my enemies lol
tht always makes somebody happy ! 
lolz but ya we have to do it sometime together
Truly i dont see why there would be a problem with a girl dating a bi boy i mean im bi,and my friends who are girls they said they wouldn't have one problem with me being bi,if we dated.In fact why would it be a problem? If its because of the guy breaking up with the girl for a guy thats mostly the same with a straight guy breaking up with the girl for another girl,i see no difference in it at all.Alot of my friends who are girls think that is hot or a turn on seeing  two guy kissing,and its the same way with guys watching two girls kissing.
i know what you mean 
but some girls are hurt even more when the boy leaves them for another boy 
because they feel like they weren't good enough for the boy or something that 
he has to go to a boy so 
maybe that's y
but if they know the boys bi they they should know that mabye they are going to be attracted to either a boy or another girl,either way it shouldn't be any difference.
to me and you it doesn't make a difference 
but to others it does
What do you think of them ?

 Have you ever been effected by them ? 

and anyhing else you can think of
i never would be able to get one
even if i wanted to
i like food way too much
right i couldnt do that etheir..i cant even go on a diet !!! lolz i love food wayy to much
i like pickles XD
u live up to ur name !!!!! 

not in a mean way though
right i couldnt do that etheir..i cant even go on a diet !!! lolz i love food wayy to muchsaaame....im always likeokay so im gonna eat healthier and shitthen ten min. later im likeCHOCOLATE. MUST EAT CHOCOLATE or some other delicious foodslike pickles!
yes like pickles but mostly coco !!!!!  lolz i love everything coco
hahaha
i just like anything thats sweet
i have the biggest sweet tooth ever
lolz wht would you do if somebody u kknew had an eating disorder?
Anybody like  chocolate chip cookies?
LOVE THEM
luv chocolate chip cookies
and ive never known anyone with an eating disorder
idk what i would do bout it
Sometimes I wonder if I have one...or maybe developing one. I barely eat, and I'm losing weight FAST. So far...it's not too bad, but now I'm wondering, what happens when I am really skinny and still losing weight?
I think I have one i never eat really and the only time I do is when I need CoCo. Or when somone shoves food down my neck.
I hate it.. Im becoming too skinny
I used to struggle with one. It got pretty bad, but I beat it
I used to struggle with one. It got pretty bad, but I beat it im glad to hear u got through it
French fries...
I used to struggle with one. It got pretty bad, but I beat it im glad to hear u got through itThankies
i have anorexia, it sucks.
never had one..but guys....yall do know eating disorders dont just mean disorders that make you anorexic.....you can have one that make you dangerously fat....so...yeah....anyone here that has out of control eating? i kind of do..im not fat...yet..and i dont wanna be....i have a small stomach that hangs over just a bit..and i wanna lose it but..i have a hard time controlling my eating =[ ...i have for years...
anorexia is an eating disorder and anorexia is the result of that and i am not sure that this is a eating disored but i have a WWWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY tooooo high of a matabolism i weigh 82 pounds and i am only 11 ,yeah 82 i am waaaaaaayyyyyy underweight
I knoe that it includes about being fat sometimes can b an eating diorders 
as for pretty pixxie Im srry tht u have an eating disorders 
it must really suck
if theres anything i can do 
if u want to talk PM me
i love pancakes to much to stop eating them
thx african_emo_barbie
ur welcome
hey i have a problem to i keep eating like 20 pounds of food everyday and i am wwwwwwwwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyy under weight that is a big problem
lol srry *gives hug to xxvladimiretodxx* 
did you got to ur doctors ? 
my friend is a big person but not tht big 
and she barely eats sooo idk 
ask ur docter doe it might help
stop it im hungery now !!! 
grrr
What do you think of them ? Have you ever been effected by them ? and anyhing else you can think ofive been pro anna before now i cant get enough of food
is it an eating disorder if you just aren't hungry or don't want to eat ever?
Im scared, nerotic and fucked up and  my mother enjoys taunting me, im scared what people will think when they know i have profesional help. I cant thank the people enough here for all their help but do u ever want to be held in someones arms and them tell you that they love you,i cant help thinkin id be better dead, ive never been so close the edge
I want it more than any thing
I dont even know why i'm telling anyone this
Dude the same things happening to me right now thats why I've been away. Right now I'm being put in and out of mental hospitals and shit like that. But dont feel alone and dont go through with it please.
well i cant hold u but i can say i love u to comfort u and i need that to right now
I love you too then, oh god I've been thinking about ending it so much, damn this isnt fair
I can't take this anymore, telling people who I am gets me hurt, I already hide enough but the little things people do know about me make me bleed and bruise, its the verbal and physical abuse, the way people think they can  hurt me for this, I cant go to school, I cant go home, life is crap  and i cant take it anymore, I have no friends or family because of who I am. I dont want pity I just want someone to be there with me and understand
well wtf are we? chopped liver?! .
i know right? were here for u!!!!!!!!!!
everyone on here is here for u no matter wat always remember that,we love you on here:heart:
people are assholes if you need anything even someone to talk to  ill do my best to be here for you
i know what u mean i am always here 

except on modays and tuesdays 

oh and if i have youth meeting also except on fridays

jk i am here 24/7
Im Here For You Hun. That Happens To Me I Had Mad Purple and Black Hair And My Dad Couldnt Except It MADE Me Die It blonde  people aat school have stopped bullying me because i look more normal. It sucks but i will be myself coloured hair and all one day
I cant thank you wonderful people enough this has really helped me. I:)
I've was told yesterday I've got Depression, I know I've been sad and utterly unhappy with my life and i guess I knew it, but for someone to say that too me was such a blow, I dont know how I'm going to get through this
im here!!!!!!!!!!!!! ive had chronic depression for 2 years
wow and did they put u on meds
I'm getting sent to a doctor, moved school and put meds, so yes
but thanks to some people here I feel stronger, I cant thank these people enough
omg i learned that my bff ^^ (dont feel like writing it) is lez i dont wanna be mean to lez but i thought she was straighter than lacy but i guess not
0.0
eh?
She is going out with a girl another girl
o.o....o...k
wow..... thats... kool?
and see looked hot today in a black dress but it wouldve looked better with sparkles and a black rose shoulder corsage
o.o?
i have feelings ok
whats wrong with liking other girls? if it makes her happy let her do it
Well now she hates ne because I know
that sucks
well hell yeah and now i cant smooth things over until augst b/c there is no more school and i dont have her number
tell her that its okay that you know when you have the chance
i am sure that my friend already told her i was bi by  now so i thinks she is stttarting to like me
my name is emily im 17 my dad touched me last night and im afraid it will go further....im scared to tell anyone....i dont think my mom will believe me....we have a rough past....any ideas at all would help me....thank you all
um you should def tell o.O
if you dont think anyone in your family will listen to you call a teen hotline... that deals with this sort of subject or dss... but i would tell your mom first.... actually this happened to someone i know... sad part is it happened to her since she was little...she never told her mother and when she was old enough she lashed out on him and told him you will never touch me again...and it worked... i saw what she went through and i cant even imagine how horrible it must be so please dont let it go further. if you talk to him you have to be  brave and it might turn on you..or it could work like it did for her... she basically bashed him and made him feel like shit. but theres a chance that that might make him do something worse.... regardless dont let it go.... stop it while you can and while he didnt lose complete respect for his daughter...it seems like he was testing the water to see how far he can get...so stop it now. my heart goes out to you.
well fucking tell somebody omg 0.0
go to the police or something then.
omg this is so serious now u need to call 911 and get him away from you and also get a restraining order and tell a teacher or someone u trust to call for you cause if you dont i will and i will need your name number adress and other things if i have to cause i will not let this appen this is not right in anyway and you need to call 911 trust me and then everything will be ok
also might wanna look into taking a knife to bed...n if he trys again i'd sugest Stab and Twist...also yeah realy realy go to the Cops it's gonna be hell but it'll sure be worth it the be able to sleep at night
please tell someone, the police, i know it takes a lot of guts and bravery but you gotta do it, this cant keep on happening, if he knows that you wont tell anyone after the first time he'll just keep on doing it, stop it now before he does it again
this is something that lately happens more often, so realise you're not alone, and that if you go to the police they will come in action! or call some teen helping centers like mentioned above.

If you find it difficult to tell this to a person trough the phone or someone you don't trust, tell it to a teache who you trust since they can help you through this all together with you! So you're not alone.

Hopes this helps a bit,

Shinzou
guys i pmed her and tlked her into telling someone and getting help but i dunno if she did or not=\
oh, goodness.
Maybe she got help... 
when was the last u talked to her?
dont be afraid and go to police or similars but if u need, u can talk with me.
Honey u really have to tell someone it wont stop untill u take action,i know its scary i know its hard,but no one has the right to do that to you,It is Never ever ok for anyone to do that,

i only got help when i told someone that my drunk father was abusing me,for years..i never had told anyone for years,and i did 3 months ago (: and now his not, My mother left him and i pulled charges towards him,im not telling you to press charges agianst him but its not okay at all for him to do that,and he wont stop because his mind is saying'' well i got away with this the first time and shes not brave enough to tell anyone so i wont get caught,i can keep doing this''
You need to tell someone atleast.
Please do.
back in 2002. i drank alot and took pills. and ended up in the hospital for a week. my parents still dont know why i was in the hospital.
never tried suicide
Well I did attempt suicide, but I failed. I didn't end up in the hospital, but it was the day I started cutting.
i've attempted 3 or 4 times...
well its a good thing u both  failed
im glad your all still alive!
thanks.
i'm suicidal  but to scared to actually do anything 
i'm living for the sake of others   in the midst of goin mentally insane  i really cant cope

my ex told me yesterday bout all the times he's tried to attempt suicide  and we talked it out and stuff and he promised me to try get better      so wat does he come on msn and tell me hes done       got pissed out his head   done bit drugs   and tried to jump from a heigh height      he also tried to drown heself while i was goin out wif him     when he knows i love him    he said its nothing to do wif me   when it obvs does with everything goin on!
"Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem." That's what I've been told.
thats a true fact, usually.
Unless you consider life a problem...
thats why "Usually" was there
Oh...Duh, I knew that.
yeah i survived 2 times
many times.
I stabed my self in the stomach my brother and a few of his friends took me to the hospital and my parents still dont know about it. But I've kept trying scince. I also jumped off a roof breaking my leg and shattering a few ribs.
umm.
um.... just pretend I didnt post that
its okie bro
okay.
okie dokie colie tokie
wow that sucked
I thought it was funny.
it was okay.
I used to drink a lot and take pills. I used to have my stomach get pumped like once every month. :L It was horrible.

Another time from "falling" off the roof. I just fractured my arm and broke my nose. Which my nose didn't heal right so now I have a huge bump on my nose -.-
- wicked witch of the west? XD
lol...
lol
i tried to bye drinking and pills failed by puking but my uncle shot himself my dad stabbed him self
i took some pills....i passed out...um... yeah :/
Survived, Iodine poisoning kinda glad i failed, I would never of met some you guys
if i wouldnt have failed i would have missed my sisters wedding and baby. im glad i lived
I took 10 xnax. Drank 1/5 of vodka and had a really bad acid trip.
theres many thing i done to try
i jumped out my tree a bunch of time,and everytime i got up and i was fine even when i landed on the big roots coming up from the ground,freaked me out when i ended up fixing my back instead of killing myself or breaking my neck:huh:
i tried to stab myself, but my brother just so happened to be sneaking behind me and took the knife. that same day i took a bunch of pills and cut my wrist so deep it went numb. But i ended up alive, and a few days later well, so here i am!!!!! tada
lol ^^ well i almost light myself on fire or jump off my 3 story roof couldnt decide
never tried suicide and never will because...Suicide isnt for those brave enough to die. Its for those who are afraid to live. =^.^=
well thats a fucked up thing to say.....
well thats a fucked up thing to say.....-.- shut up
I took a kinfe and lighter heated the blade and put it at my wrist and cut it deep but it failed but at least i have the burn mark on my arm
I've attempted and failed, i never know what to feel when i think about it
Well this was awhile back,i Intoxicated myself and OD i think it was 34 tables, i only passed out with a horrible cramps and a headache,i dont know how i survived even the doctor said that. well im so glad i have survived because im a much stonger person now (:
I dont know whether to behappy or sad I lived
I am about to commit suicide because no one likes me and my mom beat my with a towel today and threated to cut off my feet and my dad thumped my head really hard and I just don't feel like going through this anymore and I just want to feel hapiness instead of pain and sadness and now I am so wanting death I have no fears of anything and I used to be scared over little things and now nothing I just want death
u are going to kill ur self because someone thumped ur head?????
doooooooooooonnnnnnnnttttt dooooooooooooo iiiiiiiiiiitttttttt!!!!!!!!
ppppppppppllllllllllllleeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaassseeeeee
Well I am just so sick of it and it's just not the physical stuff i dotons of stuff for them and they treat me like shit and they just don't care about me
DONT DO IT!!!!!!!!! i like you and others on here like you.....just dont do it plz? if you do think what you would do to us, we would be very sad.....just dont do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yea we will all cry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ='(
Well I could run away to my friends house when I visit them they r the only ones I actually can be myself around And I can't stop crying
sigh just do not kill urself
I just really want someone to talk to and cry with
so pm me if u want
yes, don't kill ur self!!!!!!!!!!! plz, im begging....ur one of my best friends!!!!!!!!!!! don't do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well thanks but It would be better if I could in real life but I can't
ummm cant help u there
True well I can talk to my friend
hey, u know im here, and so is lacey, pm us, we can help you, or at least try!!!!!!!!!!!
Well I gtg then
dont do it!!!!!!!!!!
Well I could run away to my friends house when I visit them they r the only ones I actually can be myself around And I can't stop cryingDo that then.  having a chance in life and taking it, going to your friends house, is a chance to start a new life.  As long as you can work it out with that friend and the parents you should be fine.
I am talking to them now and I don't think it will work because his mom is devorced and they just bought a new house so they couldn't move again just for me
they dont have to move again just for you.  if you want to keep your parents away you could tell the police whats going on or child protective services, which could take you away from your home.
Please dont kill urself i lost my best friend before she was only 12 i died that day and because of it im still a litttle dead on the inside,in three days she would be turning 13 but now its impossible for us to celebrate that day,shes gone now,and if ur gone thats another one of my friends that i would have lost,please me alex,and lacey r begging u dont do it!!!!
I won't but it is always in my mind I got some cheer up music or when that happens and I never want that to happen and I had everything in place for me die but I just couldn't do it
wow...
wow...yea...
-sigh- i apologise for judging you i suppose, and i am very sorry that this happened to you..It's happened to me too..i understand that sort of pain...
-sigh- i apologise for judging you i suppose, and i am very sorry that this happened to you..It's happened to me too..i understand that sort of pain...its fine...and yeah its really hard i want to stop crying over him but i cry when i remember him and i dont want to stop remembering him cuz then i feel like hes really truly gone and i cant handle that yet.... :'(
sniff  i sowwy
i know that pain, im going thru it right now.... :,( im so sorry.
Me to
[/size][/font][Ok my best friend just texted me and asked me " hey did you and david(my boyfriend) have sex behind hayleys( our friends house, but she hates me becuz of my best friend) the 2nd day yall were going out?? im jw becuz some one told me that" and so i told her no, ive never had sex with him...who told you that?? and she wont tell me. it might be david but i dont have a lue why he would say that because just yesterday he told me he loves me, and its true we have never had sex, i mean we joke about it with each other. please help becuz i dont want to lose my bf over this kind of stuff again. ive been called a whore a slut and just about all of those names and ive never had sex i just have hips and thats the only reason im called a whpre is ecuz ppl think im lieing becuz i have a figure... it pisses me off please help
[align=center]fuck wht everybodiii else thinks..
if the guy truely loves u then he wont think anything of it 
so wht if u have the hips ? them other bitches is jus jeolusus they dont got ur hips 
fuck them 
you know whats true so y does it matter iwht anyboddi else saiis [/align]???
this is easier said then done but try to ignore those people, all they heared were rumors and rumors are full of crap!

And people don't have the right to judge you, it"s your body, your love, your feelings they just have to shut up!

Try when you wake up , and stand in front of your mirror , to see your good points, the things you like about yourself ;) sounds silly, but then you know about what things you can/HAVE to be proud about yourself ;) and in this way people will see those good things to .

Hopes this helps you out a bit

Shinzou
ugh ok so u all know i was planning on asking a girl out and well i chickened out and now today i found out that spongebob(my best friend her real name is samie)likes me and broke up with tthe ultra popular brice (he is like the king of school) just for me but it is like the end of school almost so i said next year and plus we have like no classes together so i said next year and then she sounded sad but i cheered her up and now i have no clue who i should ask:chin:
theres a guy i like and i dont have hardly enough nerve 2 TALK 2 him
i think he is going to be a good president, what do you all think?
Eh. I wanted McCain.
I don't think Obama is going to make "change" that his supporters wanted.
soo.. you wanted the old geezer that will probably ether die of old age, or get Alzheimer's before his term is up?
i think this whole conversation is an OBAMANATION xD xD xD
btw he can burn in hell along with his weak policies
soo.. you wanted the old geezer that will probably ether die of old age, or get Alzheimer's before his term is up?Obama could die just as easy. Age doesn't have to do with shit.Obama is full of shit, I can't wait to see the look on his supporters faceswhen he fucks up majorly, I will laugh my ass off.Obama will probably be assasinated...if he is....party time!And it just shows you what kind of people support him, considering the OP can't even spell President correctly.I didn't really want either of them though...Hilary FTW!
soo. what will you do when obbama does something good and everyone starts to love him?
its against the laws of physics
and i doubt people are going to like the communist states of america...
i think obama will be a good change.
McCain was just another bush.
and look where he has gotten us.
seriously?!
i think obama will be a good change.McCain was just another bush.and look where he has gotten us.seriously?!did you know obama is for partial birth abortion?which means you can get an abortion up to the day when the baby is born.it could be a day before and they would kill a baby that very well could survive on its own.that and his policies on trade with other countries borders on communism.pretty much all of his policies do, actually.by limiting trade with mexico and canada thousands of jobs are going to be lost.but he wants to make jobs in the midwest.you know whats in the midwest?chicago.go figure.and why the hell do gay people keep saying things like "we won!!!" ?he has said on various occasions that he is and adamant dis-supporter of gay marriage.there are going to be some serious issues that everyone had failed to think aboutthere really is no moderation or even a clear idea of what is to come and that's what i think a lot of people are worried about.
soo. what will you do when obbama does something good and everyone starts to love him?If he ever does anything good. And not everyone will love him, trust me. XD me and my friends burnt a shit ton of "Obama/Biden" signs during the election..good times, good times.i think obama will be a good change.McCain was just another bush.and look where he has gotten us.seriously?!I don't see why everyone hates Bush so much.I would rather have seen Bush stay in office for another four years, than anyone else.
first things first, Obama has one b in it, not two.

Another thing, dont talk about politics if you are going to involve age.  You shouldn't have an opinion or vote if you are going to think that way.  That is why we have Vice Presidents.
As Jesus said, Obama has the same chance.  In fact since you brought up age, YOU have the same chances of dying from a heart problem as McCain and Obama, I read it in one of your posts about a heart problem or something.

But anyway, Obama isnt right for the job, never was, and probably wont do great.  Have you seen the kids channels?  All the kids saying "Obama" are dark skinned, or are Mexicans, since he's going to want to give amnesty to them, bad move.

McCain is a war hero, knows his shit, and knows whats going on in terms of war, unlike the idiots in the USA  that say "blood for oil" - it has nothing to do with oil, stop spitting on the graves of everyone that died during 9/11.

amajane, please get educated in politics.
i think he is going to be a good president, what do you all think?Who is obbama?
The new president of the USA
The new president of the USA-He's let terrorists go in places that get information out of them. They likely want revenge, prepare to be bombed again-Biden and Hilary were promised VP / Sec of State no matter what '(thanks for the slip on live tv)-Next is making all illegal immigrants legal and giving them drivers licenses.Pretty shitty President, the economy is still dropping and people in his cabinet are being called upon to answer for crimes and being related to crimes, mainly corruption.
The new president of the USA-He's let terrorists go in places that get information out of them. They likely want revenge, prepare to be bombed again-Biden and Hilary were promised VP / Sec of State no matter what '(thanks for the slip on live tv)-Next is making all illegal immigrants legal and giving them drivers licenses.Pretty shitty President, the economy is still dropping and people in his cabinet are being called upon to answer for crimes and being related to crimes, mainly corruption.Americans are so complicated .. :/
yup.
The new president of the USA-He's let terrorists go in places that get information out of them. They likely want revenge, prepare to be bombed again-Biden and Hilary were promised VP / Sec of State no matter what '(thanks for the slip on live tv)-Next is making all illegal immigrants legal and giving them drivers licenses.Pretty shitty President, the economy is still dropping and people in his cabinet are being called upon to answer for crimes and being related to crimes, mainly corruption.Americans are so complicated .. :/Actually they are quite simple, dont understand how it could be complicated.
well actually mccain has some kind of disease and he is going to die, and a dying prez wouldnt make a good prez, and that palin chik is from alaska, doesnt know anything bout r country, and she would fyck everything up....worse than it is
and of course, i would rather DIE than see bush in office 4 another 4 years, cuz if he would get in office again, this whole world wilL CRASH...AND BURN!!!! and the majority of it....WOULD GO TO HELL WITH BUSH!!!
and of course, i would rather DIE than see bush in office 4 another 4 years, cuz if he would get in office again, this whole world wilL CRASH...AND BURN!!!! and the majority of it....WOULD GO TO HELL WITH BUSH!!!1. learn to spell2. did you happen to know a president can only serve two terms?3. apparently, the schooling system has failed you4. ignorance amuses me
Emo_Chik is a perfect example of when kids dont get educated and believe the first BS they hear about someone.

I suppose you didnt know that Obama wants everyone, especially the military, to swear to him and not the constitution.  Basically, he's calling our forefathers and founders racist, ignorant, and criminals - apparently all veterans were racist and criminals as well, or so says Michelle Obamas thesis paper from college, though shes never liked this country.

So you thought Bush was bad eh?
Obama is kind of a dick, it makes me laugh that everyone is so convinced he is a great person.
Cockiness is never good in a leader.
Just look at ancient Rome 
:] these next 4 years are going to be a blast for me.
Watching as the "cool" democrats suddenly become the people that everyone is all complaining about.
ohoho... fun fun fun
Obama is kind of a dick, it makes me laugh that everyone is so convinced he is a great person.Cockiness is never good in a leader.Just look at ancient Rome :] these next 4 years are going to be a blast for me.Watching as the "cool" democrats suddenly become the people that everyone is all complaining about.ohoho... fun fun funNice.  Theres even books out that talk about how people blindly follow a charismatic person, without knowing anything behind them or what they stand for.  Heck, people are also writing about the people who call everyone racist and turn around and vote for obama because he's "black".He's cocky, he has a racist wife whos calling every veteran a criminal and racist, what else is there to know?btw, love the "Watching as the "cool" democrats suddenly become the people that everyone is all complaining about." part, seeing as the Democrats always complain about the Republicans, but with Obama in, nobody will like the democrats and liberals ever again.  Lets fact it, as I've said the economy is still dorpping and obamas policies are adding insult to injury, and more injury.
Obama is kind of a dick, it makes me laugh that everyone is so convinced he is a great person.Cockiness is never good in a leader.Just look at ancient Rome :] these next 4 years are going to be a blast for me.Watching as the "cool" democrats suddenly become the people that everyone is all complaining about.ohoho... fun fun funNice.  Theres even books out that talk about how people blindly follow a charismatic person, without knowing anything behind them or what they stand for.  Heck, people are also writing about the people who call everyone racist and turn around and vote for obama because he's "black".He's cocky, he has a racist wife whos calling every veteran a criminal and racist, what else is there to know?btw, love the "Watching as the "cool" democrats suddenly become the people that everyone is all complaining about." part, seeing as the Democrats always complain about the Republicans, but with Obama in, nobody will like the democrats and liberals ever again.  Lets fact it, as I've said the economy is still dorpping and obamas policies are adding insult to injury, and more injury.I agree completely.and honestly, I think any intelligent person can tell that he isn't even charismatic. He just has this attitude that gives me the willies.Right now, people think democrats are the best thing since sliced bread... but they have no idea.
Obama is kind of a dick, it makes me laugh that everyone is so convinced he is a great person.Cockiness is never good in a leader.Just look at ancient Rome :] these next 4 years are going to be a blast for me.Watching as the "cool" democrats suddenly become the people that everyone is all complaining about.ohoho... fun fun funNice.  Theres even books out that talk about how people blindly follow a charismatic person, without knowing anything behind them or what they stand for.  Heck, people are also writing about the people who call everyone racist and turn around and vote for obama because he's "black".He's cocky, he has a racist wife whos calling every veteran a criminal and racist, what else is there to know?btw, love the "Watching as the "cool" democrats suddenly become the people that everyone is all complaining about." part, seeing as the Democrats always complain about the Republicans, but with Obama in, nobody will like the democrats and liberals ever again.  Lets fact it, as I've said the economy is still dorpping and obamas policies are adding insult to injury, and more injury.I agree completely.and honestly, I think any intelligent person can tell that he isn't even charismatic. He just has this attitude that gives me the willies.Right now, people think democrats are the best thing since sliced bread... but they have no idea.Well you're right on that part.  He seems from day 1 like he was trying to deceive, looks like I'm right too.  The guy has hilary as Secretary of State and Biden as VP, either way they were both going to get those positions.  That and the whole "military swear to me and not the constitution" is a sign of Dictatorship - Hitler did the same thing in WWII so anyone to speak against him was tried for treason.Its weird how people can think Democrats are the best thing, but look back at the National Conventions - Democratic - nothing happened, usual talk about global warming (whining) - Republican - Democrats started smashing cars, starting mini riots, broke into stores and stole, attacked police officers.Why they can think after that, of democrats being the best thing since sliced bread, I have no idea, then again maybe I do.People did the word-of-mouth, which is supposed to be used for economics, but people talked smack about Bush and started Bush hating when in truth they dont know anything about politics, so these people became like zombies believing each other and blah blah, so stupidity arose in vast numbers.
The thing is that the media is incredibly left-wing and there is never any negative coverage or liberals. It always comes off as ass-kissing that, yet again, people are too dumb to notice.
I wonder if obama still does drugs...because that would explain a lot.
The thing is that the media is incredibly left-wing and there is never any negative coverage or liberals. It always comes off as ass-kissing that, yet again, people are too dumb to notice.I wonder if obama still does drugs...because that would explain a lot.Yeah, I knew someone that watched CNN, highly left wing, and that person was left wing and hated Bush, enough said right?It seems Fox News tears liberals apart sometimes, exposing their crazy antics sometimes, but they still need more dirt on them really.I wouldnt doubt it if Obama did still do drugs, seeing as he has no idea what hes talking about or doing, and has a so called vision of change which is dictatorship toward him.People are more than dumb today, they will sue over things that are completely their own fault or of their own recklessness.  When it comes to politics, parents, teachers, and friends create bias against morals and republicans, attack religion, and do anything to create a nation against anything good.  They want to give give give and give more rights to foreign people and people whom step across our border, making those people nobles compared to the peasant Americans that have to work harder, pay taxes, and pay for lawyers of illegal people and foreigners.Look at Obamas policy toward immigration and giving them citizenship, that is completely making everyone thats an American now, a lower class while the newer "americans" become nobles that reap the benefits from everyone else before them.Since when was the USA a land of kissing ass?  The true meaning and values of immigration are gone and have been since Ellis Island and the times where people immigrated, got jobs legally, and immigrated legally.  Even fought for the country.I miss how the USA was, how Tolerance stopped after accepting skin color, as the whole gay thing is going way too far, teaching anti-morality to pre-schoolers.  We've basically lost MA. as a state under America, as obviously no one does the Pledge of Allegiance there.Heck, who does the Pledge of Allegiance anymore?  Chances are all of Obamas staff have never done the Pledge.  While those of us who want out of debt, to stop helping border crossers, and stop giving everyone everything to fix the economy have sworn our Allegiance to the USA.The founding fathers are probably rolling around in their graves.
Yes, but oddly enough, obama is going to cut down trade with Mexico and Canada, which, is totally going to kill the trucking industry.
I happen to live in the biggest in-land port in the country, I would know. We get shit loads of revenue from deals with mexico. And the thing is, the more trade we do with them, the more advanced they become, the less of them come over here.
the media is just filled with ignorant sons of bitches of who can't even open their little eyes for one god damn issue and agree with the side that actually makes more sense.
Yes, but oddly enough, obama is going to cut down trade with Mexico and Canada, which, is totally going to kill the trucking industry.I happen to live in the biggest in-land port in the country, I would know. We get shit loads of revenue from deals with mexico. And the thing is, the more trade we do with them, the more advanced they become, the less of them come over here.the media is just filled with ignorant sons of bitches of who can't even open their little eyes for one god damn issue and agree with the side that actually makes more sense.I have a professor whos a trucker, and he completely agrees with you.Its good to deal/trade with mexico, but helping them out and even paying them to keep them in their country, is to those of us with a brain, bribing them.  Thats what obama wants to do.Oh and since he wants you to pledge to him I found this interestingYes, the media is ignorant that cant open their eyes - they are too busy with some party girl that killed her daughter cause she wanted to keep partying, rather than telling us all of obamas plans, what they will do, and everything going around us.  The media whores themselves with celebrities who are usually crackpot-insane style people on drugs, again rather than intelligent people who will tell you whats going on in this country and whos to blame.They dont want to side with whom they dont like, liberals refuse to admit their wrong doing so they keep pitching new ideas and things, and no one is speaking up against it or questioning it so they keep doing what they do best; corrupt America and Americas youth and destroy morality.Since you obviously have a brain, you know who to side with and who was a better choice for America.  Personally I still think McCain the war hero should be in office, yes also because he is a war hero, but he also has the right policies and plans.The problem with liberals in offices is, they bypass the people voting, which our forefathers made illegal.  In past times, everything done even from presidency had to be voted on and approved by the people, but then the representatives from each state spoke in a gathering (senate) and spoke/voted on it as well.  Now we have people in offices who always spend beyond the budget, who use the budget to their needs, and spend spend spend, and whore themselves.
liberals are very into the whole "hell, lets give it a try" mentalitywhich scares the shit out of me.and should scare the shit out of america.and honestly, i liked palin. She knew her stuff. She's one of those big intimidating women who cause some little bitchy women to complain.really, for a lot of women, it was a jealousy thing.and doesn't joe biden kind of look like a puppet?oh well, america is going to go down the toilet with a black-ish dude (who is as much a white guy as he is a black guy) and a dude who looks like a puppet. how fun.
liberals are very into the whole "hell, lets give it a try" mentalitywhich scares the shit out of me.and should scare the shit out of america.and honestly, i liked palin. She knew her stuff. She's one of those big intimidating women who cause some little bitchy women to complain.really, for a lot of women, it was a jealousy thing.and doesn't joe biden kind of look like a puppet?oh well, america is going to go down the toilet with a black-ish dude (who is as much a white guy as he is a black guy) and a dude who looks like a puppet. how fun.Well it does scare the hell out of me.  That mentality is for inventing and inventions, because stuff like that everything is volunteering, not forcing.Palin was right for the job, she took care of her family and even while running still did her job and talked to her family, unlike everyone else (obama).Biden is a puppet, so is hilary.Thank you for also noticing he's as much white as he is black.  And what happened to that lawsuit where he had to prove his citizenship to become the president?  That certificate from kenya was in his grandmothers hands, and she just happened to become ill and he visited her, which we all know what probably happened there.Really I think Liberal is a mental illness
lol agreed
i have never understood the democrat point of view
it just makes no sense to me
not because i'm narrow minded
i have just weighed everything and reached the conclusion
that liberals are fucking crazy
lol agreedi have never understood the democrat point of viewit just makes no sense to menot because i'm narrow mindedi have just weighed everything and reached the conclusionthat liberals are fucking crazyA very sane point of view.Completely agree.Anyone with a brain will probably chose a side of morality and economic power with a stable system.
of course
im no dummy
of courseim no dummy Completely noticed.Thanks for not being an idiot.
you are very welcome :]
you aren't so stupid yourself
you are very welcome :]you aren't so stupid yourself lol.I think we rule this thread.
totally
keep the awesome going or what?
keep the awesome going or what?The awesome will keep going, whether others post or not.So, why not.
Ok, well, i sincerely hope people read this. 
get some knowledge and such
Really I think Liberal is a mental illnessHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH ROFL 
A lot of people see a problem with Obama being president, other's think that it's a good thing.

I wanted McCain myself for the fact that he has experience in what he does.

Some people saw Obama a good think for the change that he promised. The thing is.... if he can't keep his promise, a lot of people are really going to be mad. I for one also hope that he keeps his word and give us some kind of change, mostly wanting it to be good. I won't lead and argue, but follow the decision that other people have made.
He is making change - the bad kind so far.
Obama has also lost several people in his staff already for hiring illegal immigrants and not paying taxes, there is no excuse not to pay taxes and not to pay taxes on workers you have - illegal or not.  And one of them is a lawyer, they knew they were doing wrong.

Obama is a legal person too - He only sounds good when what he says is practiced.  Otherwise he seems to stutter and just come up with anything and say it as he goes.
i definitely think he has toned down since the campaign
because, seriously, so much "change" is completely unrealistic
and it is never going to happen
Obama is the greatest president to grace our planet if you ask me. He'll do a good job!
Obama is the greatest president to grace our planet if you ask me. He'll do a good job!HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
^ Do not use all caps. It makes your typing look like trash. And everyone is entitled to an opinion, whether you like it or not.

Unless of course, that is against the TOS here. And I don't believe it is so...
^ Do not use all caps. It makes your typing look like trash. And everyone is entitled to an opinion, whether you like it or not.Unless of course, that is against the TOS here. And I don't believe it is so...everyone is entitled to their opinion.thus, we are entitled to bash yours if we damn well feel like it.you have much to learn.hypocrisy is such a democrat virtue.
True, but not having a soul is a republican virtue 

You have much to learn as well. And I will teach you.
I agree with 1237.
Obama is like the new God.
Finally, someone who agrees.

I mean McCain? not fit to lead. But don't get me wrong, Sarah Palin was a milf.
Well it's true!
True, but not having a soul is a republican virtue You have much to learn as well. And I will teach you. having no soul?you mean, like the idea of aborting a child up until the day its born?calling Obama god is the biggest piece of bullshit.
Wellll then my opinion is a big piece of bullshit
apparently :]
True, but not having a soul is a republican virtue You have much to learn as well. And I will teach you. having no soul?you mean, like the idea of aborting a child up until the day its born?calling Obama god is the biggest piece of bullshit.So you would have voted McCain?What itf you were raped? would you want to carry the child in you?
did you know only 1% of rape victims get an abortion?
What really? where did you hear that?
newspaper article last year
I would love to see their faces when they ask about "daddy" though. That is sad actually...
it really is but what it said was that most women think "this baby is still a piece of me"
and that they don't want to punish the child for the wrongdoings of another person.
Which is somewhat understandable.
I'm pro-choice.
But I would like regulations.
well, obama wants to get rid of regulations
look up FOCA act
I'm too lazy.

There's no right or wrong answer to this.
But I'd rather have no regulations than it being illegal.(sp?)
Im not happy with your spelling, my child.
Lol. Yet you used Im not I'm.
Fix your errors before you fix mine.

Sorry God, I will try better next time.
I SAID I WAS LAZY BISH. I mean my child...
Lol. Yet you used Im not I'm.Fix your errors before you fix mine.Sorry God, I will try better next time.oh and btw... it wasnt this it was the title of the topic
Oh ok.
True, but not having a soul is a republican virtue You have much to learn as well. And I will teach you. Being a brainless twat is so far left Liberal.Greatest thing?  the guy is releasing terrorists who bombed a destroyer and killed people, how can you ever call that a great president?he claims that we are trying to stall the money bails, and they are actually being extended talks for a reason, a water park does not need a bailout or funds, and is not important.miss-mad, I feel the intelligence level of people joining this thread to be extremely low.
True, but not having a soul is a republican virtue You have much to learn as well. And I will teach you. Being a brainless twat is so far left Liberal.Greatest thing?  the guy is releasing terrorists who bombed a destroyer and killed people, how can you ever call that a great president?he claims that we are trying to stall the money bails, and they are actually being extended talks for a reason, a water park does not need a bailout or funds, and is not important.miss-mad, I feel the intelligence level of people joining this thread to be extremely low.agreed
Obama is not...backed up. He doesn't have a plan b, which is one of the things that is most important with a president. And with McCain, i believe that he knew what he was doing, and how can we say that he would've been a second Bush, when we didn't elect him? And he said that the economy would be getting better, when really, it's getting worse, much worse. It seems as though Obama only tells us what he wants to hear. He says it's getting better, that's what goes in the newspapers, and then all of these job cuts and budget debts? He has to start telling the truth to the American public, because that is what our society is based upon, a web of truth, a thin web easily broken by the political career.
It seems as though Obama only tells us what he wants to hear. He says it's getting better, that's what goes in the newspapers, and then all of these job cuts and budget debts?Oh, I thought it was only about race, according to people that arent white skinned, seems a lot of them are admitting this and now saying "I was wrong to vote for him because of that", guess why?  he doesnt know shit and hes making it worse.then, it was about what we want to hear, of course someone running for President is gonna lie to you just to get more votes.
wow seeing this changes my mind about him hes not a very good president
wow seeing this changes my mind about him hes not a very good presidentduh
wow seeing this changes my mind about him hes not a very good presidentNo one should have fallen for his bullshit.
well they did and all i can say is...
IMPEACHMENT
well sorry "gosh" now i see he is full of crab i get it
I dislike Obama, like my mom says.. "All hail 'president' Hussein!" not to mention he has muslum heritege, his mother is white, his father is black, people say if one of your parents are white youre not black, why hasnt anyone said that and was heard?
I dislike Obama, like my mom says.. "All hail 'president' Hussein!" not to mention he has muslum heritege, his mother is white, his father is black, people say if one of your parents are white youre not black, why hasnt anyone said that and was heard?even if you look past race and assumptions based on that he is still an amoral person.its just kind of any obvious thing that doesnt even need to be about race.
I dislike Obama, like my mom says.. "All hail 'president' Hussein!" not to mention he has muslum heritege, his mother is white, his father is black, people say if one of your parents are white youre not black, why hasnt anyone said that and was heard?even if you look past race and assumptions based on that he is still an amoral person.its just kind of any obvious thing that doesnt even need to be about race.he denies the concepts of morality?  how democrat
well still, people accusing people that if you dont vote for him you are racist, that is a racist comment, and past race-wise, he is a good speaker, but he is really just repeating everything the presidents said throughout the years.
well still, people accusing people that if you dont vote for him you are racist, that is a racist comment, and past race-wise, he is a good speaker, but he is really just repeating everything the presidents said throughout the years.hes not a good speaker unless he has rehearsed for it, lawyers are like actors, shitty when off the top and great when practicing.
Well my point still validates does it not?
Well my point still validates does it not?if you mean the racist part yes, otherwise no.  either way its easy to call them racist as they voted just for skin color.
well, i think him winning may have been a race issue too

you know, the white people might of been like "oh i gota vote, or people will think im resist" and im sure black people used that card .

does anyone think this to? or am i just crazy?
Yeah, I think that too...I know for sure that quite a lot of the people that voted for him didn't agree with his ideas, but voted for him because someone from a different race decided to run, and it would be racist not to vote for them.
Yeah, I think that too...I know for sure that quite a lot of the people that voted for him didn't agree with his ideas, but voted for him because someone from a different race decided to run, and it would be racist not to vote for them.Which is racist in itself.
good point
I think he'll be a great president.
I think he'll be a great president.then you know nothing, seeing as so far hes a terrible president.
i think he is going to be a good president, what do you all think?i dont think he is. hes got a lot of shit to fix, and i think he's in over his head with the problems we have.
I don't give a rip about politics but he might change this world for the better
(\__/) www.emopuddle.com
(='.'=) This is Bunny. Copy and paste bunny into your
(")_(") signature to help him gain world domination.
I don't give a rip about politics but he might change this world for the betteryou can only change your own country as president, and hes doing a terrible job of it.  anyone with intelligence could have fixed all these problems, not someone who finally admitted of being a muslim.
which, technically, (being a muslim i mean) is against our constitution, since it was all about serving God and honoring Him.... like the Bill of Rights, it says freedom of religion, BUT it says your religion must honor God.... that's the responsibility that the freedom of religion holds, given to us by our founding fathers.... but hey, no follows their example... and Bush was TERRIBLE. ughh he made our whole country worse
which, technically, (being a muslim i mean) is against our constitution, since it was all about serving God and honoring Him.... like the Bill of Rights, it says freedom of religion, BUT it says your religion must honor God.... that's the responsibility that the freedom of religion holds, given to us by our founding fathers.... but hey, no follows their example... and Bush was TERRIBLE. ughh he made our whole country worsestop being an ass kisser, its not technically, it is against our constitution.  bush didnt make anything worse, he made some things better and he did what no obama communist would do which is declare war on terrorism, anyone else who would have dont it would be hated too, but hey, i guess people like you love pissing on graves of people that died in war.
i think it was none of our business to be over there anyway.... but okay i respect your opinion.... and no, im grateful for our soldiers.... my brother-in-law is in Iraq right now... when someone you love is there... it changes everything...
i think it was none of our business to be over there anyway.... but okay i respect your opinion.... and no, im grateful for our soldiers.... my brother-in-law is in Iraq right now... when someone you love is there... it changes everything...thats just stupid, we went over there because we got bombed, and we prevented further bombings by doing so, so it is our business when people attack us, i cant believe how many people say its not our business when people attack us, its alays  too late when the usa gets involved because of dumb thinking like that.it doesnt change everything, it just makes it more realistic for you as someone of your own is over there, so your perspective changes.
hey those people in the middle east needed americans help
first things first, Obama has one b in it, not two.Another thing, dont talk about politics if you are going to involve age.  You shouldn't have an opinion or vote if you are going to think that way.  That is why we have Vice Presidents.As Jesus said, Obama has the same chance.  In fact since you brought up age, YOU have the same chances of dying from a heart problem as McCain and Obama, I read it in one of your posts about a heart problem or something.But anyway, Obama isnt right for the job, never was, and probably wont do great.  Have you seen the kids channels?  All the kids saying "Obama" are dark skinned, or are Mexicans, since he's going to want to give amnesty to them, bad move.McCain is a war hero, knows his shit, and knows whats going on in terms of war, unlike the idiots in the USA  that say "blood for oil" - it has nothing to do with oil, stop spitting on the graves of everyone that died during 9/11.amajane, please get educated in politics.What do you mean the kids are "dark skinned?" What does that mean? if you haven't noticed, "light skinned" people helped vote for the guy. I don't see why everyone has a problem with Obama. I understand that he's up for partial birth abortion, even i don't like that. But it's not like the guy's f***ing us over already. Oh, and about the kids, they're just celebrating another step to bringing the world closer. Please open your eyes and understand that.
first things first, Obama has one b in it, not two.Another thing, dont talk about politics if you are going to involve age.  You shouldn't have an opinion or vote if you are going to think that way.  That is why we have Vice Presidents.As Jesus said, Obama has the same chance.  In fact since you brought up age, YOU have the same chances of dying from a heart problem as McCain and Obama, I read it in one of your posts about a heart problem or something.But anyway, Obama isnt right for the job, never was, and probably wont do great.  Have you seen the kids channels?  All the kids saying "Obama" are dark skinned, or are Mexicans, since he's going to want to give amnesty to them, bad move.McCain is a war hero, knows his shit, and knows whats going on in terms of war, unlike the idiots in the USA  that say "blood for oil" - it has nothing to do with oil, stop spitting on the graves of everyone that died during 9/11.amajane, please get educated in politics.What do you mean the kids are "dark skinned?" What does that mean? if you haven't noticed, "light skinned" people helped vote for the guy. I don't see why everyone has a problem with Obama. I understand that he's up for partial birth abortion, even i don't like that. But it's not like the guy's f***ing us over already. Oh, and about the kids, they're just celebrating another step to bringing the world closer. Please open your eyes and understand that.No shit sherlock, all colors voted for him a monkey could tell you that.And no, the celebration is more of the victory in a race war, the world is anything but closer, so perhaps it is you that should open your eyes and see this.
I didn't like obama or Mccain. But Palin did give me some good chuckles.
i just dont like any
He play's basketball.
which, technically, (being a muslim i mean) is against our constitution, since it was all about serving God and honoring Him.... like the Bill of Rights, it says freedom of religion, BUT it says your religion must honor God.... that's the responsibility that the freedom of religion holds, given to us by our founding fathers.... but hey, no follows their example... and Bush was TERRIBLE. ughh he made our whole country worsestop being an ass kisser, its not technically, it is against our constitution.  bush didnt make anything worse, he made some things better and he did what no obama communist would do which is declare war on terrorism, anyone else who would have dont it would be hated too, but hey, i guess people like you love pissing on graves of people that died in war.I know this post is from a little while ago but i have something i want to say...THANK YOU FOR NOT GETTING BRAINWASHED by the obama zombies!AND, thank you for not blaming every issue on our previous president.(I'm sooo sick of all those bush blamers out there.)it seems like everyone in the media these days wants you to be some hippie or a left wing "community activist" (the correct term is community instigator)I am so fed up with everyone trying to feed me all of this crap.and i am certainly tired of this weakling attitude that we all seem to develope that makes us ashamed to be the best country in the world!Obama doesn't respect the military either.They make all these sacrifices everyday and risk their lives in the line of duty for half of the population and obama to totally not respect or appreciate them.it makes me sick.He doesn't care.all he cares about is what he looks like in these little photo opps that he calls townhalls.then, when he rakes in all these people to the townhall meetings, he decides to continue the neverending obama campaign.I am sick of his crap.I am sick of Obama care.AND i am really sick of all these arrogant liberal burrocrats.whew.im glad i got most of that off of my chest.im sorry i kind of ranted...no one's willing to listen to the truth these days so i took the oppertunity to state the other side's argument.P.S. If the following comments want to feed me some crap about this post...they can go fall in a hole. PLEASE REPLY SCRIBE! I want to know whats going on in your head. (in a good way--not trying to call you crazy or anything.)
I could never be brainwashed by a group of idiots, let alone zombies.
I'd rather kill them off off and cleanse the country, this is our country, not socialism, freedom doesnt mean we worship everyone elses religion and not our own, it doesnt mean people that come here get everything for free.

It means we can protect ourselves and worship real religions without being bashed and being denied a simple flyover for a god AND COUNTRY day.

Ever since we got that reverse racist dickhead elitist coward in office he has only claimed our country of being arrogant and the likes when he himself is trying to make this the biggest ass-kissing coward country he can as well as socializing and making big government.

Politicians serve the people, the government serves to protect the rights of the real American people.
well I wish the USA the best of luck to solve this, *ahem* , brainwashing
I could never be brainwashed by a group of idiots, let alone zombies.I'd rather kill them off off and cleanse the country, this is our country, not socialism, freedom doesnt mean we worship everyone elses religion and not our own, it doesnt mean people that come here get everything for free.It means we can protect ourselves and worship real religions without being bashed and being denied a simple flyover for a god AND COUNTRY day.Ever since we got that reverse racist dickhead elitist coward in office he has only claimed our country of being arrogant and the likes when he himself is trying to make this the biggest ass-kissing coward country he can as well as socializing and making big government.Politicians serve the people, the government serves to protect the rights of the real American people.Big Government = crapObama = crapmsnbc = obama channel....= crapSec. of state = uselessVP = going out with obama for hot-dogsThe New York Slimes...i mean Times = crapolaObama's PLAN = nothingObama not doing anything + Israel's forced discouragment to fight back against Iran by liberals = Iran's control of almost everythingVoters that got half of their information from SNL = OBAMA.Angry Americans + Latte-sipping-hippie liberals who want to destroy the country as we know it = DANGERLiberals who want to gain control of every aspect of the Americans's lives = DANGERHELP!!!!!!
Bush is awesome and so is his wife!!  they're really nice people aswell when I met them
I could never be brainwashed by a group of idiots, let alone zombies.I'd rather kill them off off and cleanse the country, this is our country, not socialism, freedom doesnt mean we worship everyone elses religion and not our own, it doesnt mean people that come here get everything for free.It means we can protect ourselves and worship real religions without being bashed and being denied a simple flyover for a god AND COUNTRY day.Ever since we got that reverse racist dickhead elitist coward in office he has only claimed our country of being arrogant and the likes when he himself is trying to make this the biggest ass-kissing coward country he can as well as socializing and making big government.Politicians serve the people, the government serves to protect the rights of the real American people.Big Government = crapObama = crapmsnbc = obama channel....= crapSec. of state = uselessVP = going out with obama for hot-dogsThe New York Slimes...i mean Times = crapolaObama's PLAN = nothingObama not doing anything + Israel's forced discouragment to fight back against Iran by liberals = Iran's control of almost everythingVoters that got half of their information from SNL = OBAMA.Angry Americans + Latte-sipping-hippie liberals who want to destroy the country as we know it = DANGERLiberals who want to gain control of every aspect of the American's lives = DANGERHELP!!!!!!you said everything there is to say.liberals want to tell us we cant do anything American, but we have to embrace spanish tendencies of it being OK to enter a country illegally and collect from actual citizens and to embrace radical nonsense.we have muslims here that want to destroy America, they were born here by non citizens and were sent to an islamic school in America, whats wrong with that picture?fuck liberals.
They're shitting on the american flag.what a bunch of damn communists that are spreading their messages of hatred for america!its hideous.god help us all.a commie for a freaking president.that's just delightful.
This thread makes me wonder how many people are here explicitly for trolling other users...
This thread makes me wonder how many people are here explicitly for trolling other users...and that post makes me wonder how many people are total sissies that cant handle responses correcting them so they claim its trolling.
This thread makes me wonder how many people are here explicitly for trolling other users...and that post makes me wonder how many people are total sissies that cant handle responses correcting them so they claim its trolling.OHHHHHHH!!!!!....that my friend was a very good one....P.S, (actual contribution to topic*)...I think Obama's priorities are freakin screwed up!!He's walking around worrying about freaking lady Gaga and the damn don't ask don't tell policy when he should seriously meet General McCrystal for more than 25 minutes---People in Afgahnistan are getting killed--now more than ever--because he's toomuch of a damn pansy to make a big desicion! He met up with the general for the first time a couple of weeks ago. And he's yet to grow any balls to come up with some strategy!He is sooo clueless! And, He doesn't diserve a damn nobel prize--the day I heard that he won it, the nobel prize commtittee just lostall of it's credibility.He's a damn fake--you tell me all of the bad hippie latte sipping liberals he hangs out with in washington and I'll tell you what kind of scum bag he is.also...did you hear about that weeklong campaign to put "pressing social issues" into primetime tv shows?! (not like they don't do that anyway)hmmm....does the propaganda days of Franklin D. Roosevelt ring any bells...are there any similarities?man, I can't wait till the next election day! (i wish i could vote--im smarter than these idiots that voted for the guy.)please reply with any thoughts!--Angelica.
He is sooo clueless! And, He doesn't diserve a damn nobel prize--the day I heard that he won it, the nobel prize commtittee just lostall of it's credibility.Seriously? The Nobel Prize committee are total idiots, and always have been.
very good point.
Wait, I have a question. 

My being a kid, and being clueless of everything that goes on around me leaves me wondering.

Why do you think he's not right? What has he done so stupid?

 And for the people who like him.

Why is he good? what's he done to make you think so? 

Honest question.
Well, he's done zero to contribute to or build up america. That's why im shocked when everybody's losing their damn minds when his name is mentioned. In fact, he's doing a good job of screwing everything up. He's diving deep in indecision about some kind of war stategy while soldiers get slaughtered by raving radicals in Afghanistan; He's plunging us into debt with his policies;He's trying to push his damn healthcare bill that even other people from different countries are warning us about;He's a socialist/communist;He's power hungry like all the other liberals of his kind;and he's a camera addict.

so cloud...you tell me why i shouldn't be shaking in my damn shoes at the mere thought of all the damage he's gonna create with all the time he has left in office.

think and believe what you want to.

some people don't want to know the truth.

and that's perfectly fine...

right?


--Angie.
This thread makes me wonder how many people are here explicitly for trolling other users...and that post makes me wonder how many people are total sissies that cant handle responses correcting them so they claim its trolling.Consider that this is my first post in this thread.  Now consider your prior statement.  Do you actually read/think before posting?
stewie griffan is da president of da world

any way i dont care about how countries are doin, i care only about how me and people that i care about are doin!
Well, he's done zero to contribute to or build up america. That's why im shocked when everybody's losing their damn minds when his name is mentioned. In fact, he's doing a good job of screwing everything up. He's diving deep in indecision about some kind of war stategy while soldiers get slaughtered by raving radicals in Afghanistan; He's plunging us into debt with his policies;He's trying to push his damn healthcare bill that even other people from different countries are warning us about;He's a socialist/communist;He's power hungry like all the other liberals of his kind;and he's a camera addict.so cloud...you tell me why i shouldn't be shaking in my damn shoes at the mere thought of all the damage he's gonna create with all the time he has left in office.think and believe what you want to.some people don't want to know the truth.and that's perfectly fine...right?--Angie.Yes. I don't know if I'm with it or against it.
well, that's fine but just make sure you do some of your own research to form your own opinion about mr.obama.
some people just say ignorant shit without even knowing the facts...

don't be like those people.

and the world will be a better place..

--
This thread makes me wonder how many people are here explicitly for trolling other users...and that post makes me wonder how many people are total sissies that cant handle responses correcting them so they claim its trolling.Consider that this is my first post in this thread.  Now consider your prior statement.  Do you actually read/think before posting?I notice such things aforehand; it was a form of irony
O well obamas da president now and no one cn do nuthin bout it
Except..-a gasp of silence- ASSANINATE HIM! lol kidding, i wanted him to win.
whoa...
i cant do the time
so im not gonna do the crime
lol
its true...i dont wanna go to jail or worse PRISON people get raped there!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i dont wanna be raped
lol
His retarded health care bill just got passed today.

Great. Now we're conforming and are going to be like England. :L
And Canada. We're screwed.
i am not an obama fan

but i won't dis him for those who do like him
i like obama seriously if mccain would have won and he would have died of old age we would have sarah palin as a president then then we would all be S.O.L
The age thing is really overdone, he's still alive today so that bursts the him dying part.
your freaking discusting you asshole

look just get the fuck of this site before i get started bitch!
Eh. I wanted McCain.I don't think Obama is going to make "change" that his supporters wanted. lick a slick dick and some slimy nuts bruh! u NEED some jesus in yo life god damnit. oh lawd! now you can ick my asshole that carries the faint aroma of parmesian cheese and vinegarreally? if anyone needs jesus its you. do you honestly think he wants his children to go and be perverted douchebags to his other children?and judge eachother without knowing them first? dude seriously go back and read your bible because you'll find that idiots like you can't judge us only God can judge us.
lol and i wanted that girl she was good
hilary clinton?
yeah that girl she waas good
yea delete ur inbox i cant send u a message back
yay i dont like to many meesages though
i delete my box
Ok so everyone at school thinks I am fat but I am bi still so I went with a girl and now things aren't working because I realized my feelings for a different girl and I have no clue how to dump her nicely and then one if my friends said that if I break her heart she will kill me ( not really )
Oh and the girl I am going out with I still want to be friends but not bf and gf and she is emo but actually is a girlly girl but the girl I want to go out with is like half emo half punk so I am doing the right thing and I can be myself with her but not my gf
well whatever makes you happy
Well I did it today I broke up with her so now part 2
congrats, now all you need to do is ask the other punk-chick out 
:3
aww thats cute, are you nervous?
hell yeah and i ment to put gay not fat lol oh and she is going to kill me yay!!
Last semester I accepted my bisexuality. I had signs since middle school, but I didn't accept it until college. Maybe because my high school was full of rednecks and college....well it's nicer 

I'm slowly coming out. I've told some friends, all of whom are fine with it. I still worry about everyone knowing though. I'm afraid I'll be treated differently, shunned, or ridiculed. I'm really afraid of my family finding out. I'm especially afraid of my home area finding out. I come from the rural south, where your personal business can quickly become everyone's business., and also where it's very homophobic. I'm afraid of one day hearing that horrid word directed at me: faggot. HATE that word -.-

I've already come a long way. I used to feel a lot of shame about it, but I've gotten over that. I met a few other bi people, and it made me feel less isolated.

I just wish people like us didn't have to worry about what others will think. I can't wait for the day when I can stand proud and say "I'm bi!" to the world, but that day is not today.

For those out there who are also bi, what has been your struggle?
I'm gay, but i denied it saying i was only bi, and meh my struggle is...personal.
I have a question. How can you tell if you are? I think i may be, I recognize the signs, and once I actually started to like another girl. But now I have a boyfriend and now I know I'm interested in boys... Do you think it was just a phase?
It could be, it depends. I've had a friend who thought he was bi, he watched gay/bi porn and stuff but when he saw a dick irl he got sick.
welll i accepted the fact that im bi and i came out to my school on the day of silence some people was truly suprised and some people was not....i guess my biggest problem is my parents finding out but i dont think they would....what im afriad is the other african kids finding out because they could tell my parents....Im really from from africa, my parents were born there. And what they believe is that being gay is evil and is wrong and gay's will go to hell. I asked my mom one day that what would she do if i had gay FRIENDS she freaked out saying thats wrong and i shouldnt hang out with them cause they will bring me down. I know that if they found out I am bi then theyll beat me and kick me out the house
but when he saw a dick irl he got sick. that made me laugh
@ african_emo_barbie    I'm really sorry, you're situation is pretty tough. I hope it all works out in the end  *hugs*
When I found out I was Bi was when I started bowling about 4 or 5 years ago.. and well im scared to tell my mom cause i know how she gets when theres somone Bi around like she'll act like its ok but in her head its all down hill. She found out cause one of my moms friends picked me up from work and saw a girl hangong all ove me and me liking it and her fat mouth told me mom!! shes ticked at me but im trying to get her to back down a lil.. its not helping so anyone wanting to help a girl out?
I greatly dislike the whole pride thing, I dont see straight people going around being prideful of that, cut the shit if one sides not doing it then the other shouldnt either.

thats how I see it anyway
I greatly dislike the whole pride thing, I dont see straight people going around being prideful of that, cut the shit if one sides not doing it then the other shouldnt either.thats how I see it anywaywell u need to b where i live cuz there people who says IM STRAIGHT AND IM PROUD !!! they do that all the time @ african_emo_barbie    I'm really sorry, you're situation is pretty tough. I hope it all works out in the end  *hugs*  *hugs back* thank you
I'm really afraid of my family finding out. I'm especially afraid of my home area finding out. I come from the rural south, where your personal business can quickly become everyone's business., and also where it's very homophobic. I'm afraid of one day hearing that horrid word directed at me: faggot. HATE that word -.-i completely understand this my entire family in arkansas can NEVER EVER find out about me being Bi EVER. Cause if they do i will probably never be able to go near them again. they  probably would never look me in the face again. even though they are family and i love most of them to death, tehy are all racist, homophobic southern folks that would never understand.
I'm bi, ive told all my friends and they are totally cool  about it, i guess im just lucky though, because most people wouldnt accept you so easily
I greatly dislike the whole pride thing, I dont see straight people going around being prideful of that, cut the shit if one sides not doing it then the other shouldnt either.thats how I see it anywaywell u need to b where i live cuz there people who says IM STRAIGHT AND IM PROUD !!! they do that all the time *hugs back* thank youGot a link to that statement, that isn't a blog?  When people go around shouting 'zomg im bi!', chances are you're going to get what you claim, but it's unlikely someone would shout of being proud of being straight, at a completely random time.as for the south - most American you'll get these days, they dont just give you what you want, or want to hear.
well i am bi and i told my mom frist then she freaked out i was like ok then came my friends sum were kool the other were like get away from me my mom still dnt like that i am bi she wants to kick me out cuz of it half my family dnt talk to me cuz i am bi they dnt evan look at me the same they look at me as if i were a freak and my mom to this day calls me a fag lez wut eve she can just to piss me off
What scribe points out is true not many people really care if your Bi or gay or lesbian anymore, as for the south: got a kind of a funny story bout that.
When i told my parents i was bi they said calmly no your not.
 Then my town is also filled w/ homophobs so i was not really aceppted
yes i'm called names that are to hurtful to type and i get shit for being best friend w/ austin (one of my gay friends). so lifes not easy being bi but if you love them alot you can brave and ignore the name calling.
I was scared shitless to come out to my parents. But I did. They laughed. I rolled my eyes. Life goes on.
I'm currently unsure of my sexuality, but some of these situations others are in really doesn't motivate me to answer my own question. I'd go form talking to everyone and anyone, to being isolated to very few people. Not on my to do list at the moment.
ya i am not sure yet
lol i considered it but then i found that im always going to be straight hehe
What scribe points out is true not many people really care if your Bi or gay or lesbian anymore, as for the south: got a kind of a funny story bout that.Yup.  when people get all prideful and in-your-face about it, then it all changes.They also make too many idiotic lawsuits against straight people and religion, and yet they want everyone to get along...should tell me about that story sometime.
Well I am bibut I can't tell anyone but the people at school think I am gay but they only got half of it and I just lie and say I am straight b/c if anyone found out I would be kicked out because I live in the south in prably the most country town u can get that has an east coast beach so people would just never talk to me                  Ugh I hate the south if your were in the north I could just scream it and no one would care.     Miss my hometown
im so les
there might be a few ppl
i told
ppl at school would ask sometimes if i am a ropesucker
So I like this dude and hes best friends with my older sister and sorta friends with me. Basically I've had a crush on him scince I was in 1st grade hes always been there for me and all that stuff and I want to know if he likes me back but I'm afraid to ask cause what if he doesnt than I cant be friends with him and if I still am it will be very weird. I mean there is a chance I've held his hand and all that other mushy stuff plus sometimes he's the only one I can talk to cause hes the only one that will understand. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!PLZ HELP ME I NEED IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
idk man :\
I say go for it.
Even if he doesn't like you back, if he cares about you he'll still be your friend.
You just need to not think of it as weird, just get your mind off of it when your around him.
If he does like you, YAY! i was right
I say go for it.Even if he doesn't like you back, if he cares about you he'll still be your friend.You just need to not think of it as weird, just get your mind off of it when your around him.If he does like you, YAY! i was right Zack you are the most coolest awesomest person ever cause I just said it and didnt think and he agreed to go out with out me and are third date was tonight if I could I would hug you. -hugs-
ohh that seems so cool.. im happy for u XD
thanks
no problemo
i cant acess chat is this because i have mac?
i cant acess chat either but i dont have a mac
Way off topic but I access the chat with a mac without a problem. Are you getting any messages from the troubleshoot? Maybe you just need to click on the part where it says "Chat not loading? click here or try reloading". Hope that helps.
I found out yesterday that my mother's in rehab. I couldn't ascertain for what, I just heard that it was for several drugs, some not so light.

This just makes me want to throw up my hands and say fuck it all. I don't care anymore. My mother's in rehab and my father is dead. I hate being able to say that, knowing it's true. The American dream of white picket fences and the Brady Bunch family, yeah right.

She has thrown her whole life away. When I was a kid and she was supposed to visit me, she often wouldn't come, high or selling meth probably. Now....she tries to be affectionate and loving, but that road has passed. I don't even feel like she's my mother. In my eyes, my mother is my grandmother (on my mother's side), who recently died.

My father was a little better. He was grumpy and pissed off at a lot of things, but he took care of me, he was there for me, well most of my life. I didn't see him through high school, but he was going through problems, after his divorce from my (EVIL!!! lol) stepmother. And now he's gone, and I never said goodbye. I didn't even know what he looked like when he died, it had been 4 years since I'd seen him.

I am like my picture frame
I am empty and left to hang
With shattered glass and splintered panes

Brady Bunch, go to hell.
wow that sucks all i have is my mom and my sister my deadbeat dad wont even talk to me unless he wants to show me off to his "lady friend" and i have a stepfather need i say more but i recently lost my grandfather and i couldnt be at the hospital with him because i wasnt welcome but i hope things get better for you:) pm me if ya wanna tlk
I don't know a single "Brady Bunch" family, anywhere.  Each family seems to be dysfunctional to some extent, some completely on the bad side and broken up rather than a family.
yea they may look some awesome average family but usually there some thing wrong about them....:/
my sister tried breathing in stuff so i hid and of the whip cream and stuff like that
Why whip cream? _ that just gives you a really bad headache and a sore nose. o-O
Why whip cream? _ that just gives you a really bad headache and a sore nose. o-O so you've tried it
.....I lost a bet
O lol
I found out yesterday that my mother's in rehab. I couldn't ascertain for what, I just heard that it was for several drugs, some not so light.This just makes me want to throw up my hands and say fuck it all. I don't care anymore. My mother's in rehab and my father is dead. I hate being able to say that, knowing it's true. The American dream of white picket fences and the Brady Bunch family, yeah right.She has thrown her whole life away. When I was a kid and she was supposed to visit me, she often wouldn't come, high or selling meth probably. Now....she tries to be affectionate and loving, but that road has passed. I don't even feel like she's my mother. In my eyes, my mother is my grandmother (on my mother's side), who recently died.My father was a little better. He was grumpy and pissed off at a lot of things, but he took care of me, he was there for me, well most of my life. I didn't see him through high school, but he was going through problems, after his divorce from my (EVIL!!! lol) stepmother. And now he's gone, and I never said goodbye. I didn't even know what he looked like when he died, it had been 4 years since I'd seen him.I am like my picture frameI am empty and left to hangWith shattered glass and splintered panesBrady Bunch, go to hell.I'm really sorry. I actually can relate to this, which surprises me. My mother is also in rehab, and my father is disowning me.But things can be this bad forever, you know?
Why whip cream? _ that just gives you a really bad headache and a sore nose. o-O so you've tried itThat sounds really painful. Pixie sticks aren't much better
Nor the sour sugar from sour patch kids.
Oh hell no .
And spray cheese....Ow..
Huh...never tried that.
And also table salt and pepper. ._.
@emoangl42: THAT I've tried. That REALLY effing hurt! What about chili powder?
rough seasalt from those grinder thing and lime juice....or this really, REALLY hot fire sauce of my dads.
@emoangl42: THAT I've tried. That REALLY effing hurt! What about chili powder?Yeah, painful _
I know, right? It hurts just THINKING about it .
wow ive never done any of that lol
quite off topic.  WeepingBurma, perhaps it's time to try and go out on your own to create your own happiness.  Or a job in the meantime and just hang out with friends as much as possible.
Um I'm leaving for good so good bye to all the friends I made on this site I'll miss you . (now I just need to figure out how to quit)
awwww whats wrong????
dont leave ):
Well I'm leaving more than ep and I've been planning this for a month.
are ya tlking about wat i think u are tlking bout
yes but I dont want to say anymore on the form cause then everyone will know.
oh you wanna pm me???
sure
dont leave
I'm sorry I just half to
No!!!!! U cant go forever...im just leaving for a week or two or four...but ur leaving forever!! U cant!! U just cant!!!!
I'm sorry
You were always one of my favourite users.
I always thought you were cool
Dont leave! Why are you leaving? You were a really good friend of mine at least tell me why you're leaving
sniff please stay :'(
Hun, don't leave  please!
please dont leave you are making me cry
if you go i just want to say i love you!
you know what if you leave i might to!
please please please don't leave, it's really not worth it darling. Honestly, you're one of my favorite users, a best friend, I'd say. I don't want you to leave
cmon, you have all these friends begging you to stay. Don't give up on us now! Please stay.
I'll stay a little longer cause I like all of you guys alot and think of you guys has my best friends.
I'll stay a little longer cause I like all of you guys alot and think of you guys has my best friends.Just stay PERIOD. Don't leave, you're amazing! And truly one of my best friends.
I'll stay a little longer cause I like all of you guys alot and think of you guys has my best friends.Just stay PERIOD. Don't leave, you're amazing! And truly one of my best friends.  yes stay i dont think anyone here wants you to go
I really want to.
you need to stay !!!! cant leave
I really want to.if you really want to stay then stay.
I just want to know what are people thoughts on it or if they had an suicidal thoughts... i know i have...also check out the video Hold On by good charlotte it mad me cry.
i've attempted suicide before.
really? ive been close but i jus cant do it
well dont?
its on my mind like all the time...if it wasnt for my brother i would be gone
seriously? dont do it.
y not? if nobody wants mii den whats the point of living...my own mother told me i should die cause im doing no good like a year ago opr more and i cant forget it....
You know its not true -.-
if they ever figure out im bi...then o ya its going to b tru....
I doubt they will hate you just because you like the same sex.
I doubt they will hate you just because you like the same sex.o trust me....weni asked my mom what she would think if i had gay friends she saiid i shouldnt b hanging out with them and they belong in hell n all dis other crazzy bull shit
just tell her and if she doesnt respect that live with someone else.
just tell her and if she doesnt respect that live with someone else.Or turn 18, move out, come out.
When i came out, i had enough food and clothes and money packed and ready to go to last me about 2 months.
im 15 have no job and no food.... stupid new york law says i cant live by myself
i was 11....
and seriously, someone close this thread.
ive attempted suicide before
ive attempted suicide beforewould ya mind telling me y ?
just tell her and if she doesnt respect that live with someone else.Or turn 18, move out, come out.i totally agree it depends on your family
ive attempted suicide beforewould ya mind telling me y ?its a long story but my fam is fucked up in there own ways
i understand now...have u ever heard of a song called hold on
yeah i go 2 church every sunday dont learn anything my mom rejects me cause im emo and she will hate me when finds out the life of me she refused to see.
i understand now...have u ever heard of a song called hold onno but i only got 3 mins left on the computer
my parents are africans so they dont know any of these stuff...my mom took all of my makeup mostly eye liner n threw it out so not only i have to go through people callin mii a poser n shit...i have to go trough with my parents callin mii names n etc.
How do you make the ginger spice?
You put gingers in a blender.

Why is it so hard for Carrot Top to get it up? 
Because its a carrot, immovable.
why would you need makeup your black enough already being black is better than being orange fucking asshole
why would you need makeup your black enough already being black is better than being orange fucking assholewow you emos sure are stupid to think im orange.
why would you need makeup your black enough already being black is better than being orange fucking assholewow you emos sure are stupid to think im orange. i know your skin color isnt orange but you must be an orange freak if your trying to be like carrot top you fucking cock sucker.
nais one random.
carrot top shut the fuck the up. u annoy everybody.....
go kill yourself you dirty unloved niggas
hey asshole shut the fuck up....hey didnt you say ur brother killed himself ???? arent you calling him an unloved nigga to ???
How about you get your facts right before you try to insult someone. Im not unloved. And i highly doubt african emo barbie is unloved. Im sure someone loves her. So why dont you just go and shove a carrot up your ass.
How about you get your facts right before you try to insult someone. Im not unloved. And i highly doubt african emo barbie is unloved. Im sure someone loves her. So why dont you just go and shove a carrot up your ass.nice 1.....
wow dude you really need to get your facts right. 1. I dont cut myself so you could just shut the fuck up with all the sterotyping. And 2.  This website has older people on it too. Sure there is a few 13 year olds on here but if you look around there are 16  and 17 year olds on here too.
y dont u go fuck a carrot
my parents are africans so they dont know any of these stuff...my mom took all of my makeup mostly eye liner n threw it out so not only i have to go through people callin mii a poser n shit...i have to go trough with my parents callin mii names n etc.my mom wont let me wear make up
my parents are africans so they dont know any of these stuff...my mom took all of my makeup mostly eye liner n threw it out so not only i have to go through people callin mii a poser n shit...i have to go trough with my parents callin mii names n etc.my mom wont let me wear make up same here..so i put the makeup on when i get to school. I wipe it off before i go home.
i used to do that
There was a period of time in which I was seriously considering it, but luckily someone came into my life to take me off that path, for which I will be forever grateful. And please try to find support if you feel this way. You are totally worth it.
This thread will most likely be deleted. Sorry guys. 

*Closed*
I need help. I went to my old school today, and I saw my friends again (mind you, this is a middle/elementary school, so these kids are younger).
I know a girl. In fact, two, that have taken on the gothic name. The one I'm mostly concerned about takes pills, cuts herself and has what I believe to be extreme bipolar issues. She's only in the seventh grade. She and the other girl look up to me, so do many of the other kids. But I found that I'm worried for both of the girls, although it's only one that's damaging herself. Still, one can influence the other... They both need my help. I feel that they're going to get into something dangerous, and I don't wanna see another life go before me. BUT, I don't know what to do or how to help. Anybody got some tips????
oh, and any advice is appreciated!!!
try to talk to them ...maybe thatl help a bit...
If they look up to you, set a good example, and as FreAk* said, talk to them. Find out why the one is cutting. Is it for attention, or to take away some kind of pain. If it's the latter, try to help her. Good luck
I think she's neglected and in pain. I spoke to her and she told me her father's tough on her. So maybe it's to get someone's attention and because she's hurting. Simple words can mean alot.
:l
Go hug her randomly.
Good idea, thanx. it does help alot.
well since you influence her you should talk to her about it and tell her her its gonna be ok
Let her OD, just on minor pills like Advil or something...If you dont do that she'll never learn. :I
i learned when i was 14 i ODd on my mothers diabetic pills and i passed cuz my sugar levels dropped to much ive never done it again:)(i fell and hit my head)
^^ my point exactly. You wont learn unless you get it beaten or OD'd into you
lol true sometimes you have to learn the hard way
yup
even if the hard way means a major head ache
Or foaming from the mouth
Do the best you can, there your frineds. Break them if you have to.
Or foaming from the mouth HMMM ok i didnt foam at the mouth lol
I have considered letting her OD, but the fact that she'll OD scares me. It is a good way to make her stop by rubbin the "i told ya so" in her face, I've told her over and over to stop taking pills. Maybe it'll embarrass her and she'll stop making an ass of herself.
Basically, we're having a debate in my social studies class and i guess i just sorta wanna know peoples take on this. 
Is pollution necessary in order for poorer nations in asia to develop?
post what you think
Depends on what people call developing.  They are probably thinking about factories and whatnot that produce refined goods, kind of like taking coal and making it into coke.  It really depends on how they develop, who assists them, and what they are given.
kind of like taking coal and making it into coke.LOL.
give me a legitimate reason, not some faggy one like your parents wouldnt let you go to a fallout boy concert or "noone understands me"

i bet you cant come up with any
cause my parents put me down and call me names and saiid they didnt want me or im not their daughter
ha ha!
I'm not depressed now, but I was not too long ago, for several reasons:

I was arrested.
My father died last semester, I hadn't seen him since I was a freshman
My grandmother (who raised me from toddler age to 2nd grade) died over spring break of cancer
I was dealing with the realization that I am bisexual
I was very lonely, having been single for a very long time
I fell in love with a girl who's dying
I'm just depressed.
I'm not depressed o_O i'm quite happy
Im not depressed im really really happy
I'm cool now! But it was a different story a while ago. IM AWESOME!!!! lol
why are there so many fuckin ass holes coming on the site and saying were wannabes when there thats what they are!!!! I'm getting so pissed off and I just dont get why all the ass holes came here!!!!!!!!!!!!
why are there so many fuckin ass holes coming on the site and saying were wannabes when there thats what they are!!!! I'm getting so pissed off and I just dont get why all the ass holes came here!!!!!!!!!!!! I know how you feel. They're all posting lies about me.
Fuck you what the fuck did I do to you and why the fuck did you fucking come on and start fucking insulting awesome fucking peopl!!
why are there so many fuckin ass holes coming on the site and saying were wannabes when there thats what they are!!!! I'm getting so pissed off and I just dont get why all the ass holes came here!!!!!!!!!!!! I know how you feel. They're all posting lies about me. i know they are posting lies about me too
I know oh my god these people are so annoying me! I feel like just closing this interweb thing and going to cry, like what the fuck? We aren't posers!!!! we keep getting told we are and are not true emos but infact those people saying we aren't emos aren't emos themselves and that is fucking obvious!! like I just the whole knife, is this bad?? so frustratinggg
why are there so many fuckin ass holes coming on the site and saying were wannabes when there thats what they are!!!! I'm getting so pissed off and I just dont get why all the ass holes came here!!!!!!!!!!!! I know how you feel. They're all posting lies about me. Dude if I could I would beat the shit out of all of them.
why are there so many fuckin ass holes coming on the site and saying were wannabes when there thats what they are!!!! I'm getting so pissed off and I just dont get why all the ass holes came here!!!!!!!!!!!! I know how you feel. They're all posting lies about me. Dude if I could I would beat the shit out of all of them.same here
why are there so many fuckin ass holes coming on the site and saying were wannabes when there thats what they are!!!! I'm getting so pissed off and I just dont get why all the ass holes came here!!!!!!!!!!!! I know how you feel. They're all posting lies about me. Dude if I could I would beat the shit out of all of them.same here*Sigh* This is getting out of hand...
I know oh my god these people are so annoying me! I feel like just closing this interweb thing and going to cry, like what the fuck? We aren't posers!!!! we keep getting told we are and are not true emos but infact those people saying we aren't emos aren't emos themselves and that is fucking obvious!! like I just the whole knife, is this bad?? so frustratingggHow do you know were not true emos you dont even know who the fuck we are
^ PEDO

gay shit.You're trolling because that's the only way you can fit in.
I sense a wannabe troll in the form of Jolly. Go troll elsewhere troll.I fuck you with a rake.
HERP DERP
I sense a wannabe troll in the form of Jolly. Go troll elsewhere troll.I fuck you with a rake.Woah. Pedophile.Hells no, broski.
Your mom in bed naked with my dick in her ass is what up, biatch.
.
Your mom in bed naked with my dick in her ass is what up, biatch.lmao
Your mom in bed naked with my dick in her ass is what up, biatch.why mums dead.
what is this
Me : Joker. Anonomous : Batman
And who dies in the end? Joker. Who prevails? Batman.
I still raped his mom while she was dead. so WIN faggot
And who dies in the end? Joker. Who prevails? Batman.I will fuck you with my AIDs infested dick.
I still raped his mom while she was dead. so WIN faggotso a faggot is calling someone else a faggot in a derogatory sense. isnt that like a double negative? in other words youre calling him the straightest most masculine man who ever lived, and i would probably agree; perhaps out of pure admiration and envy. hes quite a man, i must admit. also quite a scholar, pointing out the subtle, yet integral, factthat it was indeed batman who won in the end. ah yes, quite an admirable man indeed.
Look at this 7 times and come back here tomorrow.
ew
I've seen it probably 13 or more times, it doesnt bother me anymore, i cant really feel many emotions atm.
It makes me want to puke
Well thats the worst thing i or this guy named Zabz could find on the internet, if you're not used to gore, i see why you almost puked.
I more into movie gore where you see how it happens instead of wondering how cause now I'm going to think  about that all night.
And another thing is, movie gore is fake, that gore is real.
ya but I looked at those pictures for while and planned out how some of the people died.
Cool story bro.
Actually, Alex IS gay, so i don't think he'll really take that as an insult  You fail
we are the true emos on here but all these fucking posers have gone my last nerve if i ever get my hands on one of them theyd wish they were dead. to all you assholes get the fuck off this site!!!! we are not the posers you are!!!!
-snaps fingers like a hippie-  rock on!
lol alex
You gotta love him

its hard not to love someone so sweet!!! loves ya like a bro alex!
i wuv everyone here in such a manner
Emo-Luv.com is planning a full scale raid and troll on us!
what the hell is emo-luv.com

also the ones who have been hacking us.
People need to get a life....
-sigh-  its not gonna happen..we all know it..
...
how the hell do you know? O_O!!!
There's certain sites that you can go to, that they post on and plan everything out. I used to look at one but I can't remember it.
Yeah, this ones better
Theres also better people on this site. (stupid bitches at emolove they can go die)
XD
ill go encourage them!
Mkai.
Actually they're poseurs and scenies, they claim and deny to be emo at the same time
that gets on my nerves either you claim it or deny it..
Oops. . . I go on there sometimes too.
uhhh....EP looks like Luv-emo...
it kinda does
And um...when did i change my mood..? I havent been on in like 4 days...
daring...lol
I'm not kidding..i seriously havent been on somebody got on my account...
oh..
Omfg i'm seriously getting pissed now.... Admin is this you changing my moods?
That happened to me too, Alex. I got on and my mood was changed from depressed to Innocent. And somebody changed Clark's mood too, and he hasn't been on in over a month.
oh shit that sucks...
mines the same..book worm..yep
Well I changed mine, but it still pissed me off
retarded... _
yay someone is online XD
yup.
so whats up?
Making fun of women's rights, you?
uh huh.....playing a video game
Lol i'm just kidding
okay...so what are u really doing then...
Shooting blowdarts at my roommate.
lol
I took apart one of those cheap pens, cut off the plastic part of a shoe-lace, and put a needle through it, it pierces denim. (and skin)
ahh that sounds cool
Yes, it is.
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII feel like randomly entering the conversation  What's up?
Hey Jacquie!
Alex!  Hey!
hi
Hey random!
hi..whats up?
Nothing really...watching some TV. Listening to some music. What about you?
Shooting my roommate with home-made blowdarts.
im just trying to figure out the chatango website thingy..whatcha watching
Alex: You have a roommate? Don't you live with your aunt or something like that?

Random: I'm watching Nitro Circus
Err no, i used to, but not anymore..
aww that doesnt come on until i think 8:00 pm for me..lucky!
Alex: Is that a bad thing?

Random: Well it's like...10:31 here now so yeah and stuff
lucky!
no, its not.
M'kay  So what goes on, guys?
listening to nevershoutnever!  yep...
u?
shooting blowdarts at a hannah montana poster that i spent 45 bucks on because she signed it and kissed it and i bought it just to destroy it and burn the remains.
lol
..i'm not kidding...next poster i destroy is a jonas brother's poster that one of the band members dripped sweat on..i bought it off ebay..after that is a signed Justin Bieber poster.
lmao sounds like ur having fun
i am..  : D
That sounds like one hell of a Saturday night! Wish I had something to do...
i dont really have  anything to do either
I almost regret buying these posters, i spent my pot money on it _
Pot is bad
is not.
How so?
It doesnt give you cancer Half and fast as tobacco.
I suppose that IS a good thing
i agree with Jacquie 
pot is bad
Ugh...sorry. I crashed in the middle of replying to this thread  Slept on my keyboard.
I fell asleep on cam o___o apparently i look adorable when i sleep
Awwww...  lol
That's the second time lol, night before i wasn't on cam though xD
lol. I fell asleep on cam with my last ex...I felt bad because it was the first time we talked in forever, but it was 3 in the morning. He told me I looked adorable when I slept...Then he dumped me the week after XD
Lol that's alittle messed up xD 
It was only like 1:30 here...
It was a bit messed up, but if you don't laugh at yourself, you'll go insane. So I shall laugh XD

And where is it that you be from?
Louisiana xD
I've been on cam doing some er...plowing..
O.O  Alright...
o___o
So what's up?
Listening to a song
what song
Younglife- Anberlin
oh
i have one of those but its boring.. i like dis one sooo much better
Hey, as i was browsing the forum the other day and evaluating each post to see if i could potentially contribute to some of the fine and interesting discussion that goes on in this fine forum i came upon your signature. Studies show:Intelligent girls are more depressed Because they knowWhat the world is really like Don't think for a beat it makes it better When you sit her down and tell herEverything gonna be all right She knows in society she either isA devil or an angel with no in between She speaks in the third personSo she can forget that she's me obviously i was ecstatic that, after years of searching for studies on this very subject, there were actually studies done concerning this very subject in the social sciences. I was just wondering if you could cite, or perhaps direct me toward, the sources of these studies as i would greatly appreciate it. Thank you for opening my eyes and making my day  -Togghurrrr
um its just part of a song by emilie autom
its from the song Opheliac by Emilie Autumn
heyz sick lil cock chewer who dsnt no how 2 get his own life and enjoys annoying others, Y dnt u quit buggin other users and go find sumthn contructive 2 do wit ur life insted of messn wit others who obviously want u gone... Or wait heres a good idea delete ur account and leave every1 else alone!
lawl gay song is gay
the song is not gay!
lawl gay song is gayUm, hey asshole that song is not gay. Emilie Autumn suffers from bipolar disorder 2, she was also raped by her teacher and has tried to kill herself from her terrible depression. You really wanna call this woman/song gay? Ever song she writes has a meaning and tells about her life. How she's suffered and what she feels. Her songs aren't meaningless and stupid like other artists. So, why don't you shut the fuck up and think before you talk. You cock sucker.
In middle school i didnt have any friends. i was teased. high school i still didnt have friends. i ate lunch in a teachers classroom cause no one wanted me to sit with them. in college people i would meet would be to busy with work or homework to hang out. and now that ive graduated college.. the few friends i did make over the years i never see cause they live hours away. any advice on making friends?
idk...i'm highly anti-social :\
I am mostly anti-social. I don't know if I'll ever make anymore friends. I mean, I'll talk to people, but I'm not one to approach you or a big group and just start talking. .
LOL @ your lives
LOL @ your life. for the past few days you've been spending hours trolling on emo puddle. That shows you dont really have a social life either hun.
sorry, dun know if i can really help
not a very social person
Im not a very talkative person
you have to come talk to me and
even then Im fidgety lol
I'm social, yet anti-social, its wierd, lol.
idk.. hhmmm i tlk 2 pple but dere mostly my bfs frends
i really want to have kids. alot of my friends have kids. im so ready to be a mommy.
i'm going to adopt, lol
Well I'm still young, only 13, but I'd love to have kids some day
HELLS NO 

i don't want any kids at all!!

just a boyfriend and me..... once i get a boyfriend, but hey?
i'l live an old virgin...kids r not something i want...though i'm thirteen...
*shudders*
still don't want kids
It depends, if i end up with a guy i'll adopt a kid or two. but if i end up with a girl i hope we try to "make our own" but if she doesn't want to then i'll be fine with her decision. but frist i need to find someone who would want me. *tear rolls down cheek* i'm so lonely.
hugs for ace of darkness. im sure someone will  dont be lonely. you have friends here!
I love kids honestly. 
I would love to have little douches of my own one day, hopefully not soon.
If i wanted a little douche bag, i'd have a colonectimy. ~Emoangl42
Bahahahaha. Nice, Alex.
Eh...at the moment I'm 14, so no kids right now. Or so I'll hope. Don't wanna be a high school mommy...Maybe someday. I really love kids.
i would love to have kids but im only 14 going on 15 so yeah.....i dont plan to have any, any time soon, or at least i hope.
.
yeah,
im only 14
but i believe that perhaps in the future
i might have kids
No damit I've finaly made a friend and now S.S. is moving me and my brothers again. Damit this will 15 new house and family.
Oh my 
Im sorry
We should plot an assasination
I agree. KILL S.S.!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fer Suree!
Dieee .
I AM VERY SAD I DONT KNOW WHY THEY BANND BE I FOUGHT EVERYONE HERE WAS FRENDS?!!!!
who banned you.
I DONT KNOW
well that sucks
gee i wonder why they banned -.- it might have something to do with u being a dumbass who is the most annoying thing on the planet
mayb dey were 2 tired of a wanna-be nvadin dere space
this doesnt belong in serious discussion.
why do keep writing in caps? it doesnt make you cool..it makes you annoying
MY KEYBOARD IS BROKEN
well fix it cuz its gttn on my nerves, and im sure im not da only 1
MY KEYBOARD IS BROKENHit the caps lock button..
hey smart i ddnt even think bout dat
MY KEYBOARD IS BROKENHit the caps lock button..lol
haha i fee kinda dumb now 4 not even thinkin of dat
lol
I also need to know that I'm not overreacting to this...Ok, so from when I was in 2nd grade to the summer before 6th grade, my mom was a major alcoholic. She used to be drunk all the time and passed out on the couch.
Whenever I came home from school, she had an empty bottle of Vodka in her hand and she's be sprawled out on the couch watching soap opera's until she passed out.
And then she'd go out, buy more Vodka, and start again. I hated it. She also worked the night shift, so i never got to see her for the short amount of time that she was sober. She hide alcohol all over the house and I knew about it. My step-dad didn't. When he found out she was still heavily drinking, he moved out and into his mother's house. I was going there every other weekend.
Then my mom found out she was pregnant. She quit drinking for good, and things got better. My step-dad moved back in, and they worked things out. We were all so happy again, especially with the new addition to the house hold, a beautiful baby girl they named Makenna Noelle. 
And then I went to a new year's party December 31 2009. My mom informed me she and my step dad were going to drink. Afraid she was going to over do it, I called the house at midnight to be sure. She assured me she was sober, but it was obvious that she wasn't.
And lately, I've been finding alcohol all over the house in her same hiding places. I never see her anymore, and I'm scared to death that she's going to start drinking heavily again.
idk what to say...
Just start hiding and dumping all the liquor out.
i agree wit rambo, dump it all down the sink
seems like she is going there again...stay watchful..and yes..dump it all out
dump it inside a funnel into my mouth
lol
I agree with dumping it down the drain, the only way to stop it is to take it away.
yuup...it reminds me of a song..."take it away" by the used 

love that band ^.^
i like that song
first of all... This is probabaly going too be long..

There is this girl at my school that I trusted a lot.. She's a bi, emo, Wiccan.
She was the first person I came out to in real life and the first person I told I was an Atheist..

And a few weeks ago.. This super religious kid that is in my school threatended her because of her religion so she reported him too the principal... Then a few days later he told her that I told him that she gave me a blowjob and when I told her that I didn't say that she believed him over me...

And today she told me that she told her boyfriend what I Apperently said.. He's in a gang and she told me that he's going to send some people too my house too "take care of me"

I don't know if anything is really going too happen.. What should I do?
OMFG that really sucks but I dont really know what to say to help but I hope you dont get badly hurt
I don't think anything will happen because if it were it would have probably been today when I got off the bus...
Maybe they just forgot hope fully they never remember.
Maybe they just forgot hope fully they never remember.Well I think she may have been joking... But I don't know..
That'd be great if she was. !!!!Yay you wont die!!!!
If she wasnt or was i'm still gonna slit her throat for messing with you -.-
Nobody messes with my peeps and gets away with it..-creepy whisper- ever..
Nobody messes with my peeps and gets away with it..-creepy whisper- ever..Lol... Ily.
ilyt. 
Hardcore much Alex lol
no..thats me going light..hardcore is me biting into their throats and ripping out their adam's apples.. -innocent look-
lol to cute and evil at the same time I like *evil grin*
no..thats me going light..hardcore is me biting into their throats and ripping out their adam's apples.. -innocent look- Ouch. Please, never do that too me.
well thats more medium...you dont wanna hear hardcore, and i'd never do that to you honey 
LMAO
-demonic whisper- he got lucky...
*sits on the arm of ur throne*I guess so lucky
lol
*sits on the arm of ur throne*I guess so luckyHEY! he's my boyfriend!
no hurt done
When did i get a throne? o_O
it just appeared
...ok
yupp
k.
*looks for a razor*
nao.
wwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaa but but
i havent cut in forever  for 2 reasons..1, i got taken advantage of bc of my cutting (i wont post my here but feel free to ask)
2 i threw away my razor.
y were u taken advantage of?
nvm...
ok
If u lived near me, I'd hav ur back...
stab that guy a thousand times..burn his arm for a while,  and if he stills survives cut off his dick and stick it in his mouth  
yeah..make him give himself a blowjob
then just make him slowly bleed to death 
he doesnt deserve a quick and painless death..he deserves a slow painful one for trying to mess with you
i hope they all get herpes
i havent cut in forever  for 2 reasons..1, i got taken advantage of bc of my cutting (i wont post my here but feel free to ask)2 i threw away my razor.Alex deserves a hug and a sugar cube  **Hugs;Gives Alex a Sugar cube**
-gives Alex skittles- it might not be as good as sugar cubes but i hope it helps
-eats sugar cube and skittles, giving Jacquie and random red skittles ; hugs random and Jacquie-
-hugs- yay skittles thank you
Yay! Hugs and skittles!

I just noticed Alex posted something!
lol
i still hope those people get herpes or any other std
ummm wow
thats just sux-ish
have u tried to explain and talk it out??
Wow that was lame to say XD
How'd u get so violent Alisha?
i dont know,...i guess i was just born that way
Kool.
yeah..
Born violent  Gotta love it
yeah..
Wish I was like that...not that I haven't thought up quite a few torture methods for the dumbasses at school, I just don't go through with them.
eh same here
I bet if we put our ideas together, we'd be diabolically unstopable
that would be awesome
We'd rid the world of horrible dick heads forever!





they will get herpes for kissing their mother's ass after i put herpes in it.
lol good they deserve herpes for being mean
I never thought it would end like this...I never thought it would end at all. But it just did and all I want to do is cry. 

I got involved with her brother. he was my first love. My first kiss, and my first real boyfriend. She was so happy for us. I was happy for the first time in a long time, really really happy. But then things took a turn for the worst. He broke with me the day after he asked me out. I was crushed. Slowly, I began to move on. Not get over it, just move on.

And then the words I thought I'd never hear escaped his perfect lips. "I may still like you." But I wasn't going to stand for it. I told him off. I hated him for hurting me and then admitting his feelings for me.

After a while, things seemed normal again. But secretly, I was still crying myself to sleep, and my blade was my best friend. I still do that, but nobody knows. Then a new friend came into the picture, a friend I love so dearly and never want to part with: Hannah.

I always thought she took a strong disliking to me, but I was wrong. We have become great friends. But my best...**Sigh**...my ex-best friend didn't take the same liking to Hannah that I did.

In school, [insert ex-bff's name here] never talked to me, or even attempted to talk to me. She always hung out with the wannabe preps and ignored me. it was like we didn't know each other. But once we got to her house, it was like we had been talking all day.

Today, I tried to text my ex. I'm trying to repair this destruction. But he didn't text me back. So I texted her and asked if he was home yet. She replied. I thanked her, but then I noticed that something about her text was a bit off. She didn't text like she normally does. I asked if she was upset with me. and that was the last straw.

She started telling me how I was always talking about "him" and that I never talked to her. How Hannah was taking her place and how I never listen to her. Which is untrue. Her friend, Lizzie, has been taking my place. I try to talk to her,  but she acts as if she doesn't know me. And when I talk to her, if it's not about her, she doesn't listen.

And finally, she said she didn't give a fuck about us being friends. That I could either never talk to her brother again and be her friend, or I could never talk to her again and let her move on. But she chose for me. And now, I lost my best friend.
Aw that really sucks I feel so bad. -huggles  -.  Well that girl lost the bestest friend she would have ever had. -hugs again-
i am so sorry Jacquie...-hugs you tight-
v.v.....i wish i could help you hun.....im so so sorry...
im sorry
well that just blows. Ill be your bestie if ya want
Yay for friends!
im sorry.. dats messed up if she really wanted u 2 "pay more attention" 2 her(idk if dats a good term 4 it) den y ddtn she go up and tlk 2 u 1st?
I really have no clue. I made numerous attempts to talk to her, and she ignored me completely. And she didn't try to talk to me at all.
dats bull, if i cld tell her sumthn i wld cuz dats jst fucked up 2 do 2 ur best frend
Thank you! I know I must've had my faults too, but she doesn't think she did anything wrong.
if she dstn think ignoring u and den expectin u 2 pay attention 2 her den sumthns wrong wit her big time, dats very hypocritical and dats jst not how a true frend shld b
I'm glad SOMEBODY is taking my side on this! Most everyone at school has decided it's my fault. Completely.
well dere jst a bunch of stuck up bitches who dnt no wuts rite and wld rather blame sum1 den admit da truth... i say dat if any1 else tells dem dat its ur fault tell dem 2 fuck off ur damn business and let u and her deal wit da prollem nsted of dem tryn 2 get nvolved wit shit dat aint deres
quick question for you:

is it so wrong not to wanna care for anyone else anymore

just because everytime u try u get hurt.

like um if u try to get close to a family member but they tell u that they hate u  because of ur parents history and because u look a little different then them

or u wanna make new friends but everytime u do u get hurt someway

is it so wrong...
No, that's not wrong at all. I feel that way often, and if that's how you really feel, no one can change that.
i feel like that a lot..
yeah usually i just try to be happy
but now im just starting to just feel used and just uh just crappy
like i dont wanna meet anybody new because they're just gonna do the same thing
yea.. i feel that way about trying to make friends. like its better off not trying that way i dont risk rejection.
a man threw his 4 yr old daughter off of the West Gate Bridge in Melbourne, Australia. 
He apparently has a mental condition.
What do you think should happen?
Before anyone starts, death penalty is NOT an option in Australia.

Personally, my heart goes out to this dude. He has to live with the fact that he killed his daughter, for the rest of his life. He was more than likely mentally unstable at the time, and I think they should find and treat his mental condition. 
Insanity pushed him, insanity is to blame. Not him.


Linkage:

Discuss.
I think he should be sent to some form of mental institution.
seeing as he wasn't stable when he killed his daughter, it really is kind of hard to decide what you do in that situation seeing as you cannot tell what he was thinking when he did it.
i think that he should have gotten help before he was pushed that far..he deserves prison for the rest of his life.he took a life so his should be taken.but Australia wont allow that.so you do the next best thing.prison for life.i have a "mental condition" and you dont see me throwing people of bridges.he could have gotten help.you dont just get sick enough in one day to kill your daughter.he should have noticed things were gettin bad,or people around him should have.
He should be thrown from the same bridge to feel what his daughter felt.
i think that he should have gotten help before he was pushed that far..he deserves prison for the rest of his life.he took a life so his should be taken.but Australia wont allow that.so you do the next best thing.prison for life.i have a "mental condition" and you dont see me throwing people of bridges.he could have gotten help.you dont just get sick enough in one day to kill your daughter.he should have noticed things were gettin bad,or people around him should have."two wrongs don't make a right"I'm glad there is no death penalty in Australia. He has to live the rest of his life knowing that he killed his daughter. I believe that that's enough punishment, and torture. You don't know what mental condition he has, or was in at the time. Just because you know that  you have one, doesn't mean he did. Don't compare when you don't know. If he didn't know, he couldn't have gotten help.See, that''s the thing about some mental conditions. You don't always notice when things are getting bad. Who said it was even noticable before this? Not all mental conditions have noticable symptoms. Or he might not have had people around him that cared.
He should be thrown from the same bridge to feel what his daughter felt.That's capital punishment. Besides, he won't feel what his daughter felt, it would not be the same circumstances. There are too many variables and the fact that there would be so many, would make the chance of feeling exactly what his daughter felt.
*removed my administrator*

Please seek professional help. 

Do not post suicide threats here. They will be removed.
I think that living with the guilt of killing a close family member is worse than the death penalty, because with the death penalty, it's all over in what, 10 minutes? Whereas, with living with guilt feels awful, and lasts forever. And I wouldn't doubt that he would kill himself.
put him in a mental hospital. or the mental ward at jail. even if he was mental it was still a crime so he needs to be contained but in a place that can deal with him. he is dangerous to the public if he could do that to his four year old daughter
put him in a mental hospital. or the mental ward at jail. even if he was mental it was still a crime so he needs to be contained but in a place that can deal with him. he is dangerous to the public if he could do that to his four year old daughterya i agree
i think just the fact that he has to live with wat he has done is punishment enough.  of course he'll probably need to be in a mental ward for the rest of his life but thats only for his and other peoples safety.  how can we judge him to be a bad person when we have no idea what was going through his head at the time.  we don't know so we can't safely judge.
It just sucks to even imagine there might be people like that in the world. He should be killed, death penalty or no. Or how 'bout torture? I'd hand him over to Russia.
hmmm, i think...mental hospital? maybe they can help him, because he obviously has problems. and i agree with those of you who said living with the fact of killing his daughter is torture enough, because that is so true, if i had to live with that, i would probably kill myself. it's sad to think, though, that there are people out there suffering from this and don't even realize it...
i reckon he should be definitely kept under like, constant observation, and given like, some sort of therapy, because anyone driven to the state of mind where they can throw their own child off a bridge is most likely going to reach that state at least once more, if not many times, and so could be dangerous for himself and others. i reckon he has his punishment, if he shows it. 
you see, some people who are like, practically clinically insane, he might not be affected by her death, or the fact that he caused it, so then technically he could be getting off scot free, which is no good. 
hmm.  it depends whether its visibly affecting him, yadayayddayada. im hungry. i want something to eat. oof. attention span of a goldfish. sorreh, thats all the intelligence youre getting out of meh
It just sucks to even imagine there might be people like that in the world. He should be killed, death penalty or no. Or how 'bout torture? I'd hand him over to Russia.There is no state sanctioned torture in Russia the USSR fell long ago, and the Russian constitution forbids torture. And would you really say a mentally ill man should be tortured for this?
long live the soviet union.
da
It just sucks to even imagine there might be people like that in the world. He should be killed, death penalty or no. Or how 'bout torture? I'd hand him over to Russia.There is no state sanctioned torture in Russia the USSR fell long ago, and the Russian constitution forbids torture. And would you really say a mentally ill man should be tortured for this?Yes, yes I would. Some things can be blamed on mental illnesses, but not this. Not this.
It just sucks to even imagine there might be people like that in the world. He should be killed, death penalty or no. Or how 'bout torture? I'd hand him over to Russia.There is no state sanctioned torture in Russia the USSR fell long ago, and the Russian constitution forbids torture. And would you really say a mentally ill man should be tortured for this?Yes, yes I would. Some things can be blamed on mental illnesses, but not this. Not this.Care to elaborate?
U can blame dancing down the street naked on a mental illness. You can blame shoplifting on a mental illness. Psychopathy is a mental disorder. Killing people u don't know can be blamed on a mental disorder. Throwing your daughter, who is 4, who relies on you for care, shelter, love, and protection from people who would harm her off a bridge is simply unacceptable. But, these days, u can make up anything u want, so sure blame it on a disorder. But, I ask you this. Would it not be wise, if not for punishment, then for the safety of society, to kill this man? If he could do this to his 4 year old daughter, what would he do to other humans? God forbid, even other infants and toddlers.
fair play.
foreplay?
-puts hand in head- Jesus Christ Ben you just killed the intellegence...
awww poor kid....

*gets man and throws HIM off bridge*
My parents dont care what the hell I do and some ppl would consider that a good thing but when I drink a bunch oh alochol and take some pills because Im so damn depressed that should be a warning that i need help but oh no they say u better quit we dont have money. when I cut myself all over the place and they see it which is very rare they say ur being childish and  im a hypocondracte.I think I just have depression issues but I dont know no one really cares they say they do but i dont believe them. Not very many people at my school like me and 
I attempt to run away my friends mama sees me even though its night  and my mama just laughs like i do it all the timeThe person Im in love with likes me emotionally but not physically I sit at home 24/7 thinking about all the negative things because I dont have any thing postive to think about I asked my mama if she could take me to get help and she said nothings wrong with me Im seriously dying on the inside and no one cares no one wants to help me.
that made me cry a little...are you okay hun?
Hi. I experienced what your going through. my when i would talk to my parents about how i felt.they told me i was being childish too. and that there was nothing wrong with me. i only got help from the school guidence counsler. talk to anyone seriously...teachers, guidence counslers. even a family doctor could help i bet. people in high school didnt like me either. i wanted to switch schools. i drank alcohol and took pills and ended up in the hospital. you need to sit down and seriously think about yourself write down all the positives in your life. and post the paper by like a mirror. and recite positive things about yourself every day. parents often dont know how to deal with a depressed teen. they like to think that there child is ok. cause if they thought they was something wrong..then that would make them feel like there a bad parent. and parents dont like to admit that.  please message me if you need help!
emoangl42- 
I dont really know sometimes I feel like im going to make it and other times I dont
Gizmo2683- 
Thxs I'll try that sometimes i feel like im going to make it but others i dont know
anyone have any older brothers or sisters that used to hit you? i have a older brother who was abusive.
my father was abusive..
When I was younger, my mom had a boyfriend who was extremely abusive to me. But we haven't seen him in so long. And my mother is married and happy now. But my step-dad scares me.
-hugs for jacquie-
-hugs-
are you okay?
...I don't know, honestly.
-hugs- you'll be all right, okay?
Ok... I think I may cry, now.
dont cry Jacquie, think of happy thing
my brother used to hit me when my mom would leave for work. my brother would baby sit me. he'd give me bruises. and my mom did nothing about it..he's 30 now.when i was little i was really sick cause of my lung problem so i didnt have strength to defend myself. i would hide in my room all day.
-hugs for gizmo-
....
I'm in a very "lets be optimistic" mood, so I thought i would make a thread about my/everyone else's plans for the future and/or what college they want to go to. (since its mostly teens here anyway)
William and Mary -or- Yale (high expectations)
William and Mary -or- Yale (high expectations)high expectations are goodwhat grade are you in?:] i got an email from yale about a month ago:Pbut at the moment im looking at columbia.
cool. 9th grade
cool. im in 10th.

do you know your class rank and/or GPA?
3.8 GPA
:/ well thats decent but it needs some work
yeah, but I'm totally backed up for a writitng career, parental connections. Family friends know that i write kickass stories and poems and stuff, so that's my back up. Same with science. And also a career in the paranormal.
and i was wondering...is it cool to be a co-admin??
yea well there is more to college admissions than being a "kickass" writer.
well of course, commitment is the key to good grades
its just a bonus to be a good writer
a good writer writes from the soul in my opinion
a wee bit pretentious, are we?
there are thousands of people who "write from a soul"  out there who are fighting for the same positions and are willing to scratch your eyes out for them.
That's true...very true. To be honest, some parts of the future are so uncertain, it's like leaving you blind. It's exciting, but a little scary in my opinion.
of course
and that's the reason one has to be determined and make clear goals.
cool. im in 10th.do you know your class rank and/or GPA?You're 12 and you're in 10th grade?
cool. im in 10th.do you know your class rank and/or GPA?You're 12 and you're in 10th grade?im a very smart 12 year old
:/ well thats decent but it needs some workdont be an arse.some of us like to enjoy life more rather than sitting behind a book all our lives.
cool. im in 10th.do you know your class rank and/or GPA?You're 12 and you're in 10th grade?im a very smart 12 year oldYour profile says you're 15 your into says you're 12. SSo which is it?
:/ well thats decent but it needs some workdont be an arse.some of us like to enjoy life more rather than sitting behind a book all our lives.not when you want to get into yale
cool. im in 10th.do you know your class rank and/or GPA?You're 12 and you're in 10th grade?im a very smart 12 year oldYour profile says you're 15 your into says you're 12. SSo which is it?is that really any of your business?pick whichever makes more sense to you
In reality, what college you go to doesnt matter, your grades dont matter, all that matters is can you do your freakin job and do you have your degree to do so?
In reality, what college you go to doesnt matter, your grades dont matter, all that matters is can you do your freakin job and do you have your degree to do so?ahahahahaif only that was what mattered
In reality, what college you go to doesnt matter, your grades dont matter, all that matters is can you do your freakin job and do you have your degree to do so?ahahahahaif only that was what matteredDo you think they care unless they are some snobby son of a bitch?  hell no.
I'm thinking of becoming a lawyer... So I'll go to the university =|
In reality, what college you go to doesnt matter, your grades dont matter, all that matters is can you do your freakin job and do you have your degree to do so?ahahahahaif only that was what matteredDo you think they care unless they are some snobby son of a bitch?  hell no.unfortunately companies care a lot about what school you went toand trust me, i am far away from being a snobby son of a bitch
My plan so far:
Make it past highschool.
My plan so far:Make it past highschool.haha nice
In reality, what college you go to doesnt matter, your grades dont matter, all that matters is can you do your freakin job and do you have your degree to do so?ahahahahaif only that was what matteredDo you think they care unless they are some snobby son of a bitch?  hell no.unfortunately companies care a lot about what school you went toand trust me, i am far away from being a snobby son of a bitchThis goes back to the whole prestigious nonsense and people who care way too much about their GPA to be a moreover decent person; not talking down about others.Companies care about your education and ability to do your job.  So again, unless its some snobby company, it wont matter.
In reality, what college you go to doesnt matter, your grades dont matter, all that matters is can you do your freakin job and do you have your degree to do so?ahahahahaif only that was what matteredDo you think they care unless they are some snobby son of a bitch?  hell no.unfortunately companies care a lot about what school you went toand trust me, i am far away from being a snobby son of a bitchThis goes back to the whole prestigious nonsense and people who care way too much about their GPA to be a moreover decent person; not talking down about others.Companies care about your education and ability to do your job.  So again, unless its some snobby company, it wont matter.well i really just want to be able to get out of the hick-ass town i live in and the best way to do that is by getting freaking amazing grades and going to one of those "prestigious" schools.for me its not about being a snob, its about getting more than i have.i want to be able to impress people.and mostly myself.anyway, the original point was that that girl should either A)raise her GPA or B)reevaluate what school she wants to go tobased on her gpaim not saying that either choice is good or bad, just those are the facts.
yea well there is more to college admissions than being a "kickass" writer.
well i really just want to be able to get out of the hick-ass town i live in and the best way to do that is by getting freaking amazing grades and going to one of those "prestigious" schools.for me its not about being a snob, its about getting more than i have.i want to be able to impress people.and mostly myself.anyway, the original point was that that girl should either A)raise her GPA or B)reevaluate what school she wants to go tobased on her gpaim not saying that either choice is good or bad, just those are the facts.wow, its not about impressing or pleasing other people, thats done through amazing work, thats how people know you know your stuff.You can feel impressed of yourself just by being educated, what school doesnt matter as long as you have the job skills.if you want to impress people you should buy all that nonsense that others do to make them think you make a lot of money to impress others like that.
well i really just want to be able to get out of the hick-ass town i live in and the best way to do that is by getting freaking amazing grades and going to one of those "prestigious" schools.for me its not about being a snob, its about getting more than i have.i want to be able to impress people.and mostly myself.anyway, the original point was that that girl should either A)raise her GPA or B)reevaluate what school she wants to go tobased on her gpaim not saying that either choice is good or bad, just those are the facts.wow, its not about impressing or pleasing other people, thats done through amazing work, thats how people know you know your stuff.You can feel impressed of yourself just by being educated, what school doesnt matter as long as you have the job skills.if you want to impress people you should buy all that nonsense that others do to make them think you make a lot of money to impress others like that.i dont want to just go around acting like one of those people who have moneyi want to be assured that i can get the kind of job i want and be able to support my dreamsand no matter how much i wish i could just do the bare minimum, i have people pressuring me into doing much moreand i know i can, so i willi see it this way, why settle for something that is mediocre when it can be great?
i dont want to just go around acting like one of those people who have moneyi want to be assured that i can get the kind of job i want and be able to support my dreamsand no matter how much i wish i could just do the bare minimum, i have people pressuring me into doing much moreand i know i can, so i willi see it this way, why settle for something that is mediocre when it can be great?just do the bare minimum then, you dont have to give into pressure, I thought this whole time you were choosing for yourself, seems that is wrong.  So is it your dreams or theirs?
i dont want to just go around acting like one of those people who have moneyi want to be assured that i can get the kind of job i want and be able to support my dreamsand no matter how much i wish i could just do the bare minimum, i have people pressuring me into doing much moreand i know i can, so i willi see it this way, why settle for something that is mediocre when it can be great?just do the bare minimum then, you dont have to give into pressure, I thought this whole time you were choosing for yourself, seems that is wrong.  So is it your dreams or theirs?its mineand there are people who know i can and pressure me to make sure i do it
You dont need titles to ensure your dreams will succeed, you only need the will to do so.  you should go do something fun more often.
who said i dont do anything fun?
its not like im stressing about my grades 24/7
i just have to make sure i still have that 4.0 at the end of the day.
its not as hard as it seems
im a smart girl, i can hold my own, sometimes i just need a little push
im not the textbook nerd, sitting at home studying all the time
if that was the case i wouldnt have time to administrate on this website
we can always find time to be on a website, but the point is that one shouldnt be stressing about keeping a 4.0 grade every day of their lives, lifes too short, its not just about education and useless titles.  some of the worlds best fighters did bad in school yet in the end saw their dreams come true out of their profession.

Dont worry about your grades so much
i dont want to just go around acting like one of those people who have moneyi want to be assured that i can get the kind of job i want and be able to support my dreamsand no matter how much i wish i could just do the bare minimum, i have people pressuring me into doing much moreand i know i can, so i willi see it this way, why settle for something that is mediocre when it can be great?just do the bare minimum then, you dont have to give into pressure, I thought this whole time you were choosing for yourself, seems that is wrong.  So is it your dreams or theirs?its mineand there are people who know i can and pressure me to make sure i do itYou shouldn't be doing something because people are pressuring you into doing it.Even if you can do it, you shouldn't be doing it just because you're being pressured.
all i said was that  i am pressured to do well
pressure is not always a bad thing
it just gives me the motivation to keep going

i dont stress every day, its not a constant worry, i just know that i have no room for failure
and really, i think most people think that way to some extent
am i right?
There is room for failure, having lower grades does not mean you are failing.  a f makes a failing grade but not necessarily a failure, some people take a while to learn while others dont.
so no.
what i mean by room for failure is not reaching goals
it has nothing to do with making perfect grades
and im saying that most everyone has some level of this feeling
Not making perfect grades isnt the end of the world and should not be a goal, everyone knows you are young once and such dedication for that and a title thats almost useless serves no place in the real world where you must prove what you know.
what i mean by room for failure is not reaching goalsit has nothing to do with making perfect gradesand im saying that most everyone has some level of this feelingNot room for failure? LOLWUTEither way, goal or not, there is ALWAYS room for failure.If you don't think there is than you're in for major dissapoinments later in life.
my plans are all set...im a senior in high school (two months left to go) and I'm accept to the top college in my state...UMO  going for business and agriculture and i want to own my own flower shop someday! haha   my dream....sell roses ^-^
you live in maine?
.sell roses ^-^can I haz?
you live in maine?lol yup!  i'm kinda curious how u knew that tho
.sell roses ^-^can I haz?lol yes as soon as i get going
gets off topic way too easily...
you live in maine?lol yup!  i'm kinda curious how u knew that tho i googled UMO...
you live in maine?lol yup!  i'm kinda curious how u knew that tho i googled UMO...That was a dduuuhhh moment, had to say it
you live in maine?lol yup!  i'm kinda curious how u knew that tho i googled UMO...That was a dduuuhhh moment, had to say it lol hey u never know!  there are staulkers out there!
you live in maine?lol yup!  i'm kinda curious how u knew that tho i googled UMO...That was a dduuuhhh moment, had to say it lol hey u never know!  there are staulkers out there!under what circumstances would i ever want to stalk you?
you live in maine?lol yup!  i'm kinda curious how u knew that tho i googled UMO...That was a dduuuhhh moment, had to say it lol hey u never know!  there are staulkers out there!under what circumstances would i ever want to stalk you?not necissarily meaning u...i just needed the comeback...no offense to you
none taken
*whew* breathing easy again
haha
google is your friend.
tis
haha almost too informative
perhaps only slightly
I'm in a very "lets be optimistic" mood, so I thought i would make a thread about my/everyone else's plans for the future and/or what college they want to go to. (since its mostly teens here anyway)I'm currentley studying History, Politics, English and Philsophy in College but fingers crossed i'm going uni next year and i'll be doing a combined degree of History and law and i'll specialise in human rights =]I hope to move to US [NY] after i finish my bachelor.
I am definetly going to college, probably not University though.

Will probably go to the local one, Shrewsbury College of Arts and Technology (SCAT) or Telford College of Arts and Technology (TCAT)
wow i'll be going to state university which includes seven colleges...plenty of choice
im gona work hard so i can go to university of texas i love texas
I'm in a very "lets be optimistic" mood, so I thought i would make a thread about my/everyone else's plans for the future and/or what college they want to go to. (since its mostly teens here anyway)I'm currentley studying History, Politics, English and Philsophy in College but fingers crossed i'm going uni next year and i'll be doing a combined degree of History and law and i'll specialise in human rights =]I hope to move to US [NY] after i finish my bachelor.Philosophy?  Human rights?  what, you're one of those that want to release terrorists or seriously kiss foreign ass?  OR are you going to actually somehow someway make those useful?Philosophy is basically useless.
im gona work hard so i can go to university of texas i love texasi live in texasand refuse to apply to UTxDwhy do you want to go there, if i may ask?
I will be moving to new york city and attending the art institute of new york
i almost thought of going there but i don't feel like paying the extra for out of state tuition
I will be moving to new york city and attending the art institute of new yorkthats awesome!new york is like my dream ^^
My parents are over protective of me :[ 
So I picked

Harvard
Yale
Bloomfield College
Columbia
Princeton
UCLA 
and
Washington University in Seattle

_
my heart belongs to Texas! butttt im goin to Ouachita Baptist University in Arkadelphia, AR.
so you live in texas?
pshhhh i wish!!! i sorta live there over the summer though. my brothers and my sister and pretty much alllllll my friends live there. so i go A LOT. i love it there!!!  
My parents are over protective of me :[ So I pickedHarvardYaleBloomfield CollegeColumbiaPrincetonUCLA andWashington University in Seattle_
I went to  a community college for two years. then went to a 4 year college. so yea..im 26 and i just graduated last fall. i hope none of you have to be in college that long.
i got married 2 years ago. and my husband is always busy. hes in school full time. finishing up his last semester of college. he works 5 days a week. and if hes' not doing that hes playing video games, or reading. or doing homework. i just feel really unhappy. what should i do? ive talked to him about it and he keeps saying i need to be patient. that we'll have more time together after he graduates. but then he'll have a full time job and then ill never see him.
My friend sucks. So basically we where best friends in Junior High and hung out all of the time. We then split up at high school. I went to an average school that isn't that nice or that bad. He went to a posh, all boys school that is all about sports. So I went to the boys school football game because our school was out of town and everyone was going to this game. It got rained out and I went to the makeup game today at 1:00pm. I sat in the student section with him. I got mad shit from people because i was wearing skin-tight red jeans and kept saying I was gay and guys shouldn't wear that shit. I don't care abbout the faggots at the all boys school but my best friend was doing it too! Then me and his high school friend and I are walking home. I ask him, "where are we going?" He says: "I'm going to his house, your going home." I knew this was going to happen one day. He's going to start hanging out with just the jocks and think I'm a pussy. I know this question is kind of vague but, what should I do?
Aren't you judging him as he is judging you?
Wow they're sad you should guilt trip your 'friend' but I guess he's doing that to gain friends and once he does then maybe he'll start speaking to you again but without his new friends knowing it's sad either way and it shouldn't have happened
There's nothing you can do. People change, for the good or bad. I once had a friend like that and in the end we ended up not talking to each other anymore. It was one of those vain arguments about who fits in the group or not. But it was for the better. Now he hangs out with weirdos who you would avoid while walking down the street and I moved on and made friends with a lot more people. I think I got better off in the long run.
Okay thanks everyone. But Blugashtal, could you clarify what you mean?
Aren't you judging him as some dumb muscular jock as he's judging you as some whiny emo kid? If you think you have the license to do that while he doesn't have the license to do the same, then I guess it makes you a... you know.
as freinds change so should you, it's just about impossible to blind yourself from judgement, so start finding people that are nothing like him
^^ Kids got a point.
Wow, somebody bumped this thread up. Lolz, just kidding, but everything is fine. We see each other every once in a while, be we kind of went our separate when we went to different schools.
i know the  feeling dude
mi friends do that to me and just leave me alone.to tell the truth im be miself the world is justed a big lie
Well the Government lies, "friends" lie, suppossed lovers lie, you lie, i lie, everyone lies, its a part of the natural world order.
yeah ur rite
i think i'm one the the most Cynical, most anti-governmental people you could meet, lol.
Eh, I've been spending a lot of time on video game forums latley and I found the most anti-government ever. I started the most flamed arguments ever.
hehe
lolz, i've actually had the FBI investigate me bc of the things i've told people...which is an obv giveaway its true.
lol
yeah ikr. lol
they just want work to do SC is so crazy rite now.
really?
werei live yeah
i live in Ridgeland, where do you live?
North Charleston
oo.
yea
I did you a favor and read everything.

It seems you have already fixed your shit up... I can give you no advice.
[quote='x II cL4Rk II x' pid='11635' dateline jess im sorry, and wait in heaven for me, ill be there soon [/quote] your not ending your life!! I'll ducking hunt you down if you even mention it again!!!
so you'll hunt me down and do what exactly? kill me?
fuck no I'll put you in a mental room with the padded walls ceiling and floor no instruments to kill your self with tune when you get out I'll tie you to something so you can't kill yourself with other instruments either  
Where'd you get the idea I'd kill you from?? That's the whole reason I was hunting you down for to STOP you from killing yourself
*Baka*
I know, that's wat I was exploiting
I think if Jess really cared about you she wouldnt want you dead also, so do her a favour and keep on living for her. You have to try to enjoy life because you only live once and nobody knows what happens after you die.
No ones life is so bad that they have to kill themselves there's always a way to heal and move on. I know that for a fact, my very best friend killed himself also but I've mannaged to move on over time and you should too.
So DONT KILL YOURSELF in other words!!
I think if Jess really cared about you she wouldnt want you dead also, so do her a favour and keep on living for her. You have to try to enjoy life because you only live once and nobody knows what happens after you die.No ones life is so bad that they have to kill themselves there's always a way to heal and move on. I know that for a fact, my very best friend killed himself also but I've mannaged to move on over time and you should too.i'm sorry to hear that, it's tough trying to save the kids that don't want to be rescued, but we can only ever hope, and wish the unknowns will have a good life.@ 100% Bwell thank you for showing how much you care for a complete stranger, thank you, you've made my month.
Your velcom but fuck everyone needs a second chance at LIFE their second chance doesn't lie in heaven
don't say that! he'll eat you!
D:

@ 100% B
I actully hope that, if heaven exists, the first thing you get to do is live life again, or rest forever, god knows I need one or the other
I think if Jess really cared about you she wouldnt want you dead also, so do her a favour and keep on living for her. You have to try to enjoy life because you only live once and nobody knows what happens after you die.No ones life is so bad that they have to kill themselves there's always a way to heal and move on. I know that for a fact, my very best friend killed himself also but I've mannaged to move on over time and you should too.I agree with him. Not only has my very best friend (my boyfriend, practically) died, but  two others. And i was there to witnessed the death of my godmother, who was really like my real mother. I was at all of their funerals. But i live on. I'm okay, now. And in time you'll be okay, too. Yeah, she cares. Remember that. And i'm sure she wants you to stay where you are, now. On earth. Things aren't always right, sure. But things aren't always wrong either. Just turn around, you'll see what i mean.
IT'S NOT THE HOBOS FAUUULTTT!!!!
@ cloud

well thank you for your words. but I still can't help but envy at the peace she's recieving
You'll get there someday ,but it's not gonna happen in the next 20 years at least and maybe the peace that's up there is the same as the peace down here you just haven't tried hard enough to find it
peace was when I was with her, and now like her peace is dead
Peace doesn't just end or finish for someone, you can always find peace again ALWAYS! You don't give up
It is highly recommended that you seek professional help immediately, you may find peace, not overall but still find peace.  Remembering the best is what should keep you going
the best of what? the best of living like this? I'm not happy, I haven't laughed since the day she left, what good is existence if there is no purpose to exist for
oh my gosh, im so sorry.. 
*hugs you* 
im so sorry you have been through all that. 
i know what it feels like to lose someone too.
..i know the pain you must be in, but i still think you should't kill yourself either. she'll be looking over you. your personal guardian angel. i dont think anyone wants you gone anyway 
x
ha...that was a while ago hun..
but I went from the puddle after this and sorted my shit out.
blood and tears where the sacrifice but I got there in the end.
*Hugz u 2wice* Good choice i do belive there is a god cuz if there wasnt i would have been dead like26 times. But i do blive in hell cuz thats were people like me go so good luck being suicidal ... which means dont.
Strange Paradox when looking at this thread again
it's nostalgic isn't it?
well, death is our only given birthright, so its obviously bound to happen at one point, whether now or in fifty or so years. (i hope for the latter) i'd like to think im numb to the passing of life, but that would just be insulting to everyone.  and an abominable lie. no, not the abominable snowman.
im sorry for your pain, but then again not sorry, i shant bother explaining it, because that would take a face to face encounter. 
anyway. im too tired to sleep, so im gonna go wander some streets.
Well, take from it what you will, but I'll just say this.

You will find peace in the bottom of a bottle. What kind of bottle; I do not know; but you will find peace.
I FOUND IT I FOUND IT!!!!!!!! oh wait no, thats just a grommit.
shit I don't have time to look at the bottom of bottles...
LET'S DRINK THE MOTHERFUCKERS AMD SMASH THE REMAINS.
*glass flies through the window*

woops... there goes the solace...
Why do I bother, honestly?
because it's funny.
for lulz.
ahhaaaaaah *manically scream laughin* oohhh shit. little bit at  a time ben.. a little bit at a time.. hush now hush now
RUN MY PRETTYS RUN AND FLY.

thankgod i still have a bottle left.
Urgh *smash* phew.
*gulp smash*
LET'S RUN NEKKID THROUGH TGE STREETS
god I hope jess aint reading this...xD
woooop! oh, i was already naked. hope that doesnt matter..
im sure if she was.. shed be enjoying it.
I hope shed be allowed to do that in heaven xD
Would running through the streets butt ass nekkid make you twos happy???
depends...
what do you mean by two...
TAKE YOUR CLOTHES OFF
LOL what a dramatic change in subject!
GET NEKKID NAO
):
lol, nahh i think i'll be fine for that 

YOU can get nekkid though
right. now what do we do? are we supposed to be running around?

BUMS.
yes. bums are rather nice atcually
my bums rather nice ACTUALLY tweety
haha sure it is 

i bet its all wrinkly and haairy 
if thats your bum then, oh yeah, your ass is kickin;p
yeah, because you got it in for old people.
haha oh so totally! 
well at least that way i wont get called a pedo 

jks jks jks
jakes jakes jakes? you mean jakes penis? that old guy at the newbury state nursing home? i suppose i could get in touch with him... i allways thought you two didnt get along.. ah well.
haha shut the fudge up smart ass! haha, jakes your grandpaa i know you love him, 

haha you know him in more ways than i will ever know  
i only talk to the dude 
nothing physical like ou two:D
we started off all sad and depressive.
..HOW THE FUCK DID WE GET HERE???
LOL!!!
sorry... haha..haahh..hmm..   

i guess im just too weird to keep a normal convo going
don't be sorry ):
haha free huggz to all!
always
I GIFF FREE HUGGZZZ
DUDE don't joke about the funny farm... my parents have tried to send me there numorus times!!!!!!!!!
don't care.
we're not talking about you,
we're just trying to have fun
cheer up emo kid :/
hahahaha 
^^^^^^^^^^
AGREED!
cheer up kiddoh! 
let lose, have fun!
:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
^ that
wheres my hugg? *snifflesniffle cry*

"i dont get it, we are completely going against the stereotype" says the little 'emo'
"ive got my depressingmusic all mixed up with mr blobby and disney themetunes, mhy world is upside down" says the next little 'emo'
"hangon guys" says the little 'emo' at the back
"i think ive got the wrong skinny jeans, theyre purple"
^^^^^^^
you wonder why people missed you!
*hug*
yaaaaay, im loved  but not in that wayy
or are you O_o
oh O__O 

oh wow clark.
ouch dude =\... you know, i feel like a complete fucking donkey for the things i said to you =\, i didnt know that this happened to you, and i'm like....really sorry... and i dont deserve forgiveness, but please, do forgive me dude =\
once you've found,
that offending and annoying people
makes you forget about who you are
just for a few minutes,
you do it all the time

it isolates me from the pain...
just for a short while...
but it's worth it.
brap. *pokes*


brap brap. im ze brap donkey brap brap.
*facepalm*
ben, goddamnit.....
whuuut? i didn nothing wroongg.
Oh my God, Clark...I...I don't know what to say. Except that I'm sorry this happened to you. And I know that probably doesn't mean much. Saying 'sorry' won't make it better. But...I just don't know what to say. My heart bleeds for you.
you needent worry about it
I'll see her soon
_
o
/|\
/ \
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

^(pitfall ftew?)
*slaps clark* NU. BIATCH. YEW AINT SEEING HER SOON. gotta wait at LEAST a nice 50 years.
_ its up to clark if he wants to end his life...not us _ But umm.... CLARK YOU FUCKING IDIOT DONT YOU DARE!
you needent worry about itI'll see her soonClark, no! You mustn't do that. It would upset her, to know that you took your own life. She wouldn't be happy with you at all.
Yeah~ if you dew it, i wilsh turn you into ze Crow so yew wil not die but come alive and be forced to wander the earth forever.
no, it aint up to clark if he wants to take his life. because it doesnt belong to him, belongs to me :3 *hugs clark-lifage*
MY BF IS A CYRUSWHORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! KILL ME!!!!!!!!!
That sucks.
that sucks huge cow nipples man
you have no idea.... -cocks gun- -shoots self in heart-
I feel pretty bad for you
I'm not a fucking cyruswhore..
My cousin was a cyruswhore and that made me hate her (Cyrus, and my cousin) 100x more. Now stop calling me one, please?
_ rawr....
for some reason everytime someone says rawr i image a huge pig dancing...
for some reason everytime some says rawr i image a huge pig dancing...
lol:) made my day
umm wow _
umm wow _
nice pic:lolflag:
yeah.
did you ever think about life? I was thinbking about it today and 
always thought about it
but like...what do you think about what I said?
i think that would be freaky because you still feel it all in a dream
I know....its weird isnt it?
they say the chances are infinite
Soooooooooo....
Say life is one big dream, and when you die you wake up.


Would that mean that all the dreams you think you dream are you seeing what happens after you wake up?
if its a dream then oh freaking well
just pretend its real and go with it
if its a dream then oh freaking welljust pretend its real and go with iti agree
hahaha that's a funny thought. i'm about to sleep right now and...well, if i'm dreaming now, i'm dreaming about me going to sleep? and... probably... i'll dream later. so, i'm dreaming that i'm dreaming? WTF this'll give me a fucking headache.
I know. have you ever had a dream about having a dream?
I know. have you ever had a dream about having a dream?pretty sure i have at least a couple of times. so that means i was dreaming about dreaming about dreaming? this is so fucking confusing. lmao
According to my brother, when you dream that you're dreaming, you watch too much TV. xD

But, no I don't think life is a dream.. I just think it's an illusion, and our choices create smaller illusions. In other words, we choose what we want to happen to us subconsciously.
Haha, as I'm taking a course in philosophy myself, this thread has managed to amuse me.
Pffft. Philosophy lost it's sparkle. It only gives questions and band-aids. If you have created your own meaning, what else is there to discuss? Philosophy becomes that standard thing like your morning coffee, nothing exiting anymore.

We wouldn't know that life is a dream unless we woke up from it. If this is truly a dream, what change will that make? Aren't you guys just saying that life is just an illusion to be cool/deep/different? Or is it that you're so maladjusted to the world that you prefer thinking that this isn't real, that your actions do not have real consequences? 

What-ifs are dumb because they are will-nots.
According to my brother, when you dream that you're dreaming, you watch too much TV. xDBut, no I don't think life is a dream.. I just think it's an illusion, and our choices create smaller illusions. In other words, we choose what we want to happen to us subconsciously.He stole that from a book.
According to my brother, when you dream that you're dreaming, you watch too much TV. xDBut, no I don't think life is a dream.. I just think it's an illusion, and our choices create smaller illusions. In other words, we choose what we want to happen to us subconsciously.He stole that from a book.Lmao *nerd*  and I've never really thought about life
I always wonder about life....
why i take pills...
what is my purpose here...
what will happen after...
weird...
i must agree
Well if life IS a dream, I'm ready to wake up from this nightmare.
According to my brother, when you dream that you're dreaming, you watch too much TV. xDBut, no I don't think life is a dream.. I just think it's an illusion, and our choices create smaller illusions. In other words, we choose what we want to happen to us subconsciously.i was gonna say that lolz, but yeah, what this guy said.

BENN WE ALL MISSES YOU!

COME BACK!
whered he go? ohh i love himso much, dont leave me ben!noo ben doont, we made such beautiful love, ben how could you, and im full with child! your child ben, think of the child! noooooooooo bennnnnn 
ohhh goddd.
*cries in the corner*
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
haha thats what i missed  you make me smile:)
i just realised what that said. BAHAAA about the liquidizing. absurdddd
-pours beans on ben- Bwahahaha its been me making beans fall on you ben =D
wow my friend should read that she has self-esteem problems
i believe a person needs to learn to be comfortable with themselves...once they've got that they can do anything
Gaa, so much text, I tried to read most of it, but I can't read much more today...anyway, its a good article, its easier to say then do in most cases unfortunately tho.
I agree to the exercise part...I'm even too into that stuff...I workout in the gym daily plus judo training...Anyway it's a good article
omg thank you so much! my friends always say i have self-esteem problems, which i do. they keep saying i need to boost myself up, but that was something i wasn't really good at. whenever my friends gave me a complement like "omg you look so cute in those jeans!" i would say "really, cause i think they make my legs look fat. maybe we should shop somewhere else." i did some of that stuff and feel so much better about myself. now i'm like "i know right these make me look so hot! maybe i should get two." i can't believe it worked. and i'm smiling, i'm actually smiling!!!!!! now i just have to stop being so quiet and shy. lolz
wow my friend should read that she has self-esteem problemsSame here. Except it's my sister who should be reading this.
It's not as easy to be happy with yourself as you'd think. I've been told I'm fat, I'm ugly, I'm stupid...and after hearing it so many times, I'm starting to believe it. It's a horrible feeling.
i have self-esteem problems, i'm reading the whole article
theyre massing against us
true...veryy true...
wow! tlk botu sum crazy shiz! i wld hav never guessed sumthn like dat is happenin
time to be bad :3
lets superglue their doors shut. i like doing that. thats funnn.
dats jst all messed up i cnt blieve how shallow pple can b, yet wen dere da 1s gttn criticized dey dnt like it. idnt get dat at all
dous any1 now the simptoms of schizophrinia?
I could probably help there...I was diagnosed with childhood on-set schizophrenia last year.
Hearing voices
Seeing/hearing things that aren't there.
Stopping speaking to people.
In most cases:
Uninterested in friendship
Paranoia
Anxiety
Bsically has some of the most recognisable symptoms 
Hope I've helped
wow i've known hundreds with all those yet not schizo... in fact most of those come quite happily under drunk or high in some cases.
I could probably help there...I was diagnosed with childhood on-set schizophrenia last year.Hearing voicesSeeing/hearing things that aren't there.Stopping speaking to people.In most cases:Uninterested in friendshipParanoiaAnxietyBsically has some of the most recognisable symptoms Hope I've helped U mean I have symptoms of schizophrenia??? U know, that scared the shit out of me cause I was taken to a therapist, and he said I have signs of it, and later that year I was diagnosed w/ it. But I threw it off as a bunch of bullskit.
hehe i joked with my mom about seeing and talking to a ghost named bob and she made me it through a beautiful mind
thats evil but i did almost the same
anonymous does not have sympathy for you.
Erm..'Qedtounex'?
If you have those things ALL the time then there is a chance you're schizophrenic.
Being drunk is not all the time :/
Erm..'Qedtounex'?If you have those things ALL the time then there is a chance you're schizophrenic.Being drunk is not all the time :/you'd be suprised.and lol... breathing also brings the same chance, those are common symptoms or a million different things, most of which are harmless and will pass quickly
Well...When I was taken in to the doctor...those were my symptoms and after tests were done I was diagnosed...I'm not a freaking doctor
I love how a shit load of gothy emo people are schizos....
do you all expect sympathy because of it?
I didn't ASK to be schizophrenic.
It's not something you decide to be okay
And I don't need anyones fucking sympathy.
All I need to do is take my pills and get on with life.
No-one else I know is schizo an I know fuck loads of emos
And when people say things like you have it fucking shows how much you don't understand the extremities schizophrenia can go to
IT'S NOT A FUCKING JOKE.
people use it as a sympathy card.

I'm not saying its you for Christ sake
I never directed that at you

thus I didn't deserve what was said.

it wasn't really fair considering I didn't say it
was you, nor directly to you.

so thanks a lot for that.
I belive you said 'do you all expect sympathy for it'
All means every single one.
An yeah you're welcome I'm just stating the fucking facts
wellno need to be so friggin hostile
defencive much?
something to hide?
I believe you spell it like this  Defensive
And no, I have nothing to hide actually.
And this thread is to help the starter not cause an arguement
well I've not once been agressive towards you correct?
do I honestly deserve to face that shit I was given?
I'm just saying that no person ha evr wanted sympathy for a mental conition.
It can't be helped ffs
still the agression.
people do do it for attention.
just like they pretend they cut etc.
it's to make them seem intresting.
I do believe i'm clinically depressed.
thats understandable.
there's nothng strange about that.
i'm clinically your sister... and you think being schizo is bad?
I don't know and I don't care.
I tire of your bastardness
Smilleee be happeh
I tire of your horrible attitude..
Smile...be happy
I must agree. Cheer up.
Don't worry, be happy now...all that stuff...
you liate?
you've hated me from DAY ONE
I'm a fucking emo puddle veteran
don't tell me what the fuck to do on the forums
why the hell do you hate me anyway.
as previously stated I did nothing wrong.
your attacks do nothing but make me blink and
focus my eyesight on something more intresting
you liate?you've hated me from DAY ONEI'm a fucking emo puddle veterandon't tell me what the fuck to do on the forumswhy the hell do you hate me anyway.as previously stated I did nothing wrong.your attacks do nothing but make me blink andfocus my eyesight on something more intrestingI'm just curious who you're talking to...
loveisatragicemotion
Ah. Well, I am sensing some bring-you-down there. So, best of luck to you.
yoyr given luck shall be used well.
as you know I'm not the...easiest of advisaries
Indeed true. A rivalry unlooked for, and an enemy unwanted.
A challenge unexpected yet well met.
To the victor shall go the spoils!

Buddha sends his luck.
hey! how can i send my luck if you dont consult me first? i dont like it when people go around flaunting my name at every opportunity like im a hankerchief presented to you by Saddam Hussein. 
i dont want to be the receptive one in this relationship anymore! *cries* why wont you treat me like a real human being? *sob*  just cos im fat! *runs off to a dark corner*
stfu and make me a sammich.
*glomps* 
I can has your luck? :3
yes you can. 

*sammich givin' time*
om nom nom nom
ben makes a mean turkey sammich :3
om nom nom nom
hey, its not my fault he was brought up in a rough environment. its all chris. he never nurtured our little sammichs enough. *cries*
*hugs*
it's okay...
I'll take you to mcdonalds
it will be okay
Mhm..
oh the focus of attention was stolen from you?
oh I'm sorry :/
No...I was reading it and my response was mhm.
I'm not here for arguements
mcdonalds? oh he would love that *cries* thankyou! oh god thankyou.
... ... ...
I'll take you all.
chris, ben, liate, sammich..

teh mcdonalds is on me :3
wwoooto! its like heaven come early.
haha and i'll surve ou all, as i work at mcDonalds!!! 

--FREEBIES!--
ben! I'm getting turkey sammichs, you want?
you liate?you've hated me from DAY ONEI'm a fucking emo puddle veterandon't tell me what the fuck to do on the forumswhy the hell do you hate me anyway.as previously stated I did nothing wrong.your attacks do nothing but make me blink andfocus my eyesight on something more intrestingi now u wert udressing me then but i dont now u but im hating u right now cause of ur fu**ing egoistik stupidnes    i just think u shold now that
now i think you'll find that was almost completely uncalled for. the situation was relatively resolved, and at least no one was arguing. by bringing up the subject just to say something negative does not really higher our opinion of you. well, mine. silly silly girl *clouts head*

right where were we?
i like pie.

just thought i'd announce that here
i onley like choclate pie
I only like your mum.
I'm not egotistical.
you're just a moron you fucking insolent cunt.
leave me the fuck alone.
oh sorry, i forgot you didnt like it like that. *retreats* and im liking the new ID. snazzeh. 
sexin it up eh?
I wasn't speakin to you ben
I love you :333

ID? Oo
Errrm...I think he means the little avatar thing or watever it's called :')
....dp.
Display
Pic
@mychemicalloveland:lullz .. wait?! THEIRS  CHOCOLATE PIE?!?!?!!!!!?ooohhhhh eeeeemmmmm geeeeeee!!!  i WANT some!!!
WHERE IS YOUR GOD NOW?
That chocolate pie somehow doesn't look right o.o
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
agreed
you asked for chocolate pie.
i gave you chocolate pie.
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH EFFORT WAS PUT INTO THAT?
I DEFIED THE LAWS OF PHYSICS TO MAKE THAT PIE
AND YOU JUST....I JUST...YOU....
*cries and runs off*
naww, its.. well.... very origional.. 
homemade i guess?
umm, but if... but i just... no you just...
took it the wrong way?? 
lullzz
*runs after you and gives you cuddlez*
Aha, I just have to say LOL
*sniff sniff*
*licks clark* 

mmmm. pie sadness.
so guys im finaly back in action  i know most of you dont know me but im the guy who didnt beleive inlove well now i do
u see while i was gone i fell in love with a girl named Raven Blak
and i asked her to marry me and she says yes and things only get better from there
well two weeks ago she ws driving her motorcycle to band practice and she was hit g2g for now if you have anything to say comment the bell just rang and i gotta run
Wow that's sad but hey I don't believe in love either it can destroy you so Ive given up on it from now on I'm just gonna hide in a cupboard  you should try it hehe
Another one bites the dust, another one bites the dust~If this is about death in general, this thread should be moved to the serious discussions.Wow that's sad but hey I don't believe in love either it can destroy you so Ive given up on it from now on I'm just gonna hide in a cupboard  you should try it hehe Love exists, it's just not as flowery as you think though. Like, chemical reactions, hormones, drives and all that stuff.
Good point, done.
Love exists, it's just not as flowery as you think though. Like, chemical reactions, hormones, drives and all that stuffThat's too true I've seen it hurt people in more ways than one
hhaha looks like we are gonna get along fine
Good point, done.lol i agree   there is love but its just not the thing for me
ok so i just found out one of my best friends tried to kill themselves. she took alot of pills  i have no idea what to do can anyone help me i dont know what to do
Give her a hug 
Don't be afraid to get close 
Most suicidally depressed people just want to be held
but i have no way to get in contact with her untill school starts and i dont know if that was the first time she tried to do it or not and its driving me up the wall
Oh that makes things very different... try a phone book? Actually I think the white pages have a website you can find on google. You could probably look her up if you have her info.
Find and tell the parents or school figure, school staff are usually there a few weeks before school starts.
don't tell her "everything will be okay" I made an unforgivible mistake by saying that, don't suffer the same fate I am, and do something asap, before it's to late
My name is not Rufus. I am not a boy.I just wanted people to like me! But I've realized what I did was wrong...I shouldn't have lied to you guys....I'm sorry...See, here's me:And the guy I posted pic of, he's my brother. See:Are you guys mad at me?
can i meet your brother? 
jk
hahahahaha
nah its cool
i have a confession:
im not a girl
im a woman
xD
I'm not mad at you!!!

Why would I be so, you've put the icing on the cupcakes in those darkest nights!!
Phew, I"m glad you guys aren't mad at me 
That makes me feel so much better
Ohhh, I'd never be mad at you.
Only if you stopped being emo- that would put us apart a little...
Ahh, joy of the cookie love.
I would turn you.
Don't worry, I'll never stop being emo!

Wait do you mean?
I'm straight..
That's the best news I heard this year!

Emo power! May our souls be united in this pit of shit we call earth.
I knew it was too good to be true...
I knew it was too good to be true...it had to belets run away together and forget  them or what?
turn you?

who said that.
i mean er..

i would **** you.
Kanemosaurus,

You may have a cupcake if you wish.
Fresh from the bakery/ asylum of darkness and pain.
It's all fun and games you know.
I would have a cupcake.

but this dark pit of pain

which was once known as my heart

Cannot accept happiness

Unless it is coated in my blood...
Kane wins emo contest.
+1 for me calling something wrong about you.
+1 For me not knowing who you are.
^   -1 for being un-original.
^+? For lulwutnosity.
you better fall back scribe or we shall engage in fisticuffs
nope not mad at all...your alright...
I just thought I'd quickly bring back this thread to say I have a quick confession too:

I'm not a psychic, mind-reading goth as I seem to have portrayed myself as on some threads.
I don't believe in psychics or anything like that, nor do I believe I'm psychically bonded/ connected with anyone.
I'm really sorry guys, I just thought it'd make me seem a little more poetic.
you never seemed that way to me, the psychic stuff and all
^

Gooood. 
I may have given that impression on a few others however, so I just thought I'd say.
wow i would have never guessed! lol but can i have ur bro  he's friggin cute ^-^
No.
My brother has a boyfriend. He's taken.
No.My brother has a boyfriend. He's taken.Can't get much gayer than that.
No.My brother has a boyfriend. He's taken.Can't get much gayer than that.I had to say it was funny to read xD
No.My brother has a boyfriend. He's taken.damn i tried  moving on
No.My brother has a boyfriend. He's taken.I spoke to your brother a little while ago on EC.It actually took me a little bit to work out you two were related.
I'm surprised you even knew....
We look nothing alike though, despite being twins. And I'm waaaaaaaay hotter. 
Well not really .
We look nothing alike though, despite being twins. And I'm waaaaaaaay hotter. hmmm. intriguing.not in a creepy way.i just find twins interesting.
O.o
I'm surprised you even knew....We look nothing alike though, despite being twins. And I'm waaaaaaaay hotter. Well not really .
Why would the anyone here be mad at you? Everyone just wants to be liked:-) That's no crime... it's human nature.
Man i sound like a phsicitrist... thats just sad...
You know what? you guys are all silly. i'm glad i found this site. you guys add the entertainment to my hurtful life.
You know what? you guys are all silly. i'm glad i found this site. you guys add the entertainment to my hurtful life.That's good to know sugary shit bottles of coke, mentos and silly string add entertainment to mine:) and I'm never reallymad at anyone:)
No.My brother has a boyfriend. He's taken.Can't get much gayer than that.Lmao! I haven't laughed like this in ages. Thank you Jesus!
Everyone belongs in an asylum
I should have closed this long ago, this person wont be back, ever.
please, read the whole thing, before you x out or stop reading. please. if you have any care or love for anyone, including yourself, just read it. if you dont like it, im sorry. but please just read it all before you x out or reply. thanks for you patience 


there was once a young man named Jesus. He lived a perfect life. He never sinned, not once. He lived, He gave testimony, He preached, He healed, He preformed miracles. He came to earth, from heaven, to die for US. to save US from ALL our sins. He died on the Cross and rescued all those who believe in Him. on the third day after He was dead, He rose from the grave, and conquered death. defeating Satan, once and for all. He now sits right next to God, His father, in Heaven. He is alive and risen. He loves you all more than you love yourself. He cares for you, and He wants you to know Him. He died for you, and He wants YOU to sit with Him, in Heaven when you die. please, believe. He loves you! He can save YOU. ALL of YOU. He changes lives, He saves lives, He rescues even the cruelest person. He misses YOU. 


if you have any questions, i'd love to try to answer them.  thanks for reading. ill also post some videos if you want, to show you what i mean, by He changes lives.
I believe in Jesus...
But I believe he was a man, and nothing more.
the real message. dont preach unless its in Church
the real message. dont preach unless its in ChurchAmen to that.
please, read the whole thing, before you x out or stop reading. please. if you have any care or love for anyone, including yourself, just read it. if you dont like it, im sorry. but please just read it all before you x out or reply. thanks for you patience there was once a young man named Jesus. He lived a perfect life. He never sinned, not once. He lived, He gave testimony, He preached, He healed, He preformed miracles. He came to earth, from heaven, to die for US. to save US from ALL our sins. He died on the Cross and rescued all those who believe in Him. on the third day after He was dead, He rose from the grave, and conquered death. defeating Satan, once and for all. He now sits right next to God, His father, in Heaven. He is alive and risen. He loves you all more than you love yourself. He cares for you, and He wants you to know Him. He died for you, and He wants YOU to sit with Him, in Heaven when you die. please, believe. He loves you! He can save YOU. ALL of YOU. He changes lives, He saves lives, He rescues even the cruelest person. He misses YOU. if you have any questions, i'd love to try to answer them.  thanks for reading. ill also post some videos if you want, to show you what i mean, by He changes lives.Atheist here. I do not believe a God exists.
im really sorry you all feel that way.
im really sorry you all feel that way.Sorry about what?
im sorry that you all feel the way you feel.... i truly am...
We're fine calm down.
if you dont believe me, take it from some videos i could show you.... but i doubt you want to even look at them.
if you dont believe me, take it from some videos i could show you.... but i doubt you want to even look at them.I am open minded.I have researched alot of religions before realising i had no faith,But sure, show me the videos if you wish.
thats just one example.
Omg, I am at a loss as to what to say.
You believe that?

Btw, do you support evolution?
ya i do believe it...

no, evolution is like a racist theory... and plus, i believe that my Father in Heaven created the world and mankind...
How anyone can deny scientific fact is actually beyond me.
Evolution is fact. As real as the air we breath and gravity.

Do you know what 'racist' means? What 'race' does Evolution discriminate against?
im sorry that you all feel the way you feel.... i truly am...in that case, go somewhere else.  i dont want preaching, and it seems you're looking down upon everyone else.  hypocritical natureHow anyone can deny scientific fact is actually beyond me.Evolution is fact. As real as the air we breath and gravity.Do you know what 'racist' means? What 'race' does Evolution discriminate against?you are using the wrong word for the wrong thing.  and yes, science comes into everything, the bible is history though and no one will ever know its accuracy until after.
ya i do believe it...no, evolution is like a racist theory... and plus, i believe that my Father in Heaven created the world and mankind...ever considered that maybe there is some sort of midpoint.perhaps god created evolution.
ya i do believe it...no, evolution is like a racist theory... and plus, i believe that my Father in Heaven created the world and mankind...ever considered that maybe there is some sort of midpoint.perhaps god created evolution.in that case it would make perfect sense. you cant just say something exists without some form of science or math behind it tbh.
im really sorry you all feel that way.Don't be.Everyone has different beliefs, no one knows which is actually right, or if any of them are right.So leave people be. If they ask tell them, but don't just make random threads like this. Shit like this, that turns people away from religion.
im really sorry you all feel that way.Don't be.Everyone has different beliefs, no one knows which is actually right, or if any of them are right.So leave people be. If they ask tell them, but don't just make random threads like this. Shit like this, that turns people away from religion."amen" to that.
well i cant help that. sorry you guys feel that way. and what somebody else said on a different thread, its faith.
well i cant help that. sorry you guys feel that way. and what somebody else said on a different thread, its faith.well, thats enough looking down on people, end.
i wasnt. nvm. just forget it.
forgotton
i wasnt. nvm. just forget it.theres a difference when you just say or ask something and demand it or else the attitude towards them changes.  the constant state of apologizing that someones views isnt the same as yours is looking down upon them for not having the same viewset as if they are going to hell for not liking someone shoving it down their throat.
ya i do believe it...no, evolution is like a racist theory... and plus, i believe that my Father in Heaven created the world and mankind...ever considered that maybe there is some sort of midpoint.perhaps god created evolution.in that case it would make perfect sense. you cant just say something exists without some form of science or math behind it tbh.well i dont think there is scientific proof god DOESNT exist
ya i do believe it...no, evolution is like a racist theory... and plus, i believe that my Father in Heaven created the world and mankind...ever considered that maybe there is some sort of midpoint.perhaps god created evolution.in that case it would make perfect sense. you cant just say something exists without some form of science or math behind it tbh.well i dont think there is scientific proof god DOESNT existwell what i said covers both views, if a God exists there is some form of science perhaps about the powers beyond all comprehension of people.  seems everything has its own science to explain how it works.
i guess we'll all find out which is right someday. ahh i hate waiting
well you should wait, in fact you shouldnt want to know any time soon
hahahaha cuz that would be dying. and really, i aint afraid of death, just dont want it to happen any time soon.
Death isn't technically a fear, because death is something that presents itself at the end of your life...(obviously)

If you know when you're going to die, you're going to sit down every day trying to find ways to change it, when in all reality, you're just placing the pieces down to your own fate.
If I had one fear about dying, it would be that I didn't get to finish the things I needed to finish in life, whether they seemed good or bad, hence a sense of priority would obviously be needed to have that fear.

With the topic of religion, I really don't have one, hence I haven't been presented with proof.  It's just like people's opinions of vampires, zombies, monsters, aliens, etc.  You can be scared of them, but you don't actually BELIEVE in them until you see one right in front of you. 

With that being said, I have nothing against anyone's religions, I just choose not to have one.
I believe in Jesus...But I believe he was a man, and nothing more.obviously...
Well, tecnically, I'm Christian. But im not so sure anymore. I mean, I went to Catholic school for nine years and learned that most of the stuff they taught to get you through the world in that God-forsaken (no pun intended) school was a lie and they were keeping me trapped in a metal box and kept me innocent to the real world and kept me a clone so I couldn't see how much more I could do in life...
So, if the school lied to me, how much of the church should I believe?
see, if you don't know me, I am always trying to do the right thing and make everyone happy and have big trust issues from years of mistrustful incedents (don't make me go into THAT again!), but, with religion, you a.) can't make everyone happy, b.) nessisarily do the right thing because you don't know what the right thing actually is!, and c.) you just, when you've been a Catholic since birth and you become best friends with a Pagan, you just don't know who to trust anymore...

No more comment, but please, think about what I've said here...
What are your favorite games?

board games?
video games?
arcade?
dancing?
video games; mostly old school though  (nintendo 
i love nintendo 64 !!!!
lolz and i love pac man !
omg i wuv pacman
i love playing it so much fun !!!
yea me to ill play when im dieing of boredom
for me thats like everyday 
or when im waiting for something to load
yea indeed
pac man and good old smash brothers 
i like lugi !!
lol
i do 
he gets no attention at all
Screw x-box, I play old school nintendo! I must be emo.

^^ I had to do it, mainly because I do love old school nintendo.
I love playing mostly mario games and zelda on my 64 i like some games on my ds....oh and i love the games for sims im addicted to it.
i never played sims b4
wow so many replies already 

RTS games for me ^^
i love racing game, Military/spy games, and MARIO!!!!!! AWSOME SHIT!!!! 

`~.\\\
i like mario but lugi gets nothing 
i mean mario gets all the got damn atteition at what does lugi get huh??
nothing !
lolz watch this video it explains all !
Fuck lugi nobody ever talks about yoshi or dry bones(dead yoshi) they rock
i like yoshi but 
i like lugi more though !
i LUBBERZ YOSHI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

(///.^)
yoshi is cool but im still voting for lugi !!
i like yoshi
GOD YOU ALL HAVE NO SYMPATHY FOR LUGI!!!!!!
lol ! 
im really bored 
i like harry potter games to !
i hate harry potter i got sick of it after the first movie and book
GASP !
how could you not like him ?!??!?!?!?
i like the twins better not going to lie
in my opinion one movie was enough
 have you noticed that in all his movies he faints?
yah i was trying not to bring that up lolz 
but i guess thats your opinion 
cant change it lolz 
what other games you like?
i wish i hadnt broken my ps2.. .\\\
oh wellz.... *COUGHYOSHICOUGH*
i love the old school nintendo games,smash bros,every mario game,zelda,and pokemons :3
POKE'MON WOOOOOO!!!!!!! ( i prefer digimon...they can talk LOL)
POKE'MON WOOOOOO!!!!!!! ( i prefer digimon...they can talk LOL)hey team rockets meowth can talk,uhh mewtwo can talk,psychic pokemon can talk
i know but all the digimon can talk and not just telopathically
i love pac man or all games mario related
Videogames all the way, Xbox 360, Halo 3, MW2 GH3, RE5,
and i can't forget the Lara Croft Tomb Raider for PS1
RISK is a nice board game . . . :-D
and talking about other stuff . . . fifa 09 , GRAW2 , MW2 and NFSMW . . . (:
once i start to play sims i just cant stop ^___^
lego batman and the best game .....transformers!
Zelda.... o_O
Zelda ftw and lots of other games
Zelda and kingdom hearts...
Dragon quest.. Pokemon.
assassins creed 2, halo 3, and many more games!!!!
u do no its spelt luigi no lugi and zelda phantom hourglass is such a fun game
I like to play the old zelda i dont like the new ones
pacmaaaan, imvu, monpolyy annd the wii (:
Kingdom Hearts 2 was, and still is, my favorite, along with Super Smash Brothers
DOTA!!!! =D
Dragonquest 9 DS
candyland
Has to be kingdom hearts, black ops, and all halos haha I'm a girl who loves to kill people on games of course lol (:
COD 4
I like pac-man and the kingdom hearts games
and I like Dry bones! He's awesome
I love gaming, I don't do it enough to call it a hobby though. I play a bunch of new and old games when I do play though. Uncharted 1 & 2 (waiting for 3)UFC 2009Deadliest WarriorinFamousLittlebigPlannetOddworldFinal Fantasy 7& 8Crash Team RacingSonic the Hedgehog 2
^^ awesome list.

I play alittle of everything. Like most I love Zelda, mostly just OOT on 64.
I also love the Kingdom Hearts series and Jak series.
I have been play Team Fortress 2 alot lately though.
My fav games ever are

Kingdom Hearts 2
Final Fantasy XII
PACMAN
TETRIS
and it's a bit random compared to my list so far but C.O.D. 4 and 5
L4D, L4D2, Dead Island, Saints Row 2, and Rise Of Nightmare
are my favorite games for right now!
im into old games like galaga and mario
Pokemon... all dem bxtches ;DD (you know... not the black and white version lol)
SKYRIM 
Elder Scroll games ;DD like Oblivion :3
Assassin's Creed. AC2, AC:Brotherhood, (cant wait to get REVELATIONS o:)
KINGDOM HEARTS
FINAL FANTASY
Animal Crossings
PokePark
Naruto shtuff
Just Dance games
Dark Souls o;
Uncharted :b
Modern Warfare
Grand Theft Auto

(I have an older bro like bout 5 years older than me sooo yeah. He influences me greatly 
Left 4 Dead 2 and 1
Supper Smash Bro's Brawl and Melee
Sims 3 and 2
Soulcalibur 3 and 4
Tekken 3 - 6
Junjou Romantica (Koi no Dokidoki Daisakusen)
Little Big Planet 2 and 1
Devil May Cry 3 - 4
Bayonetta
Fairytale Fights
Naruto Clash Of Ninja 1 and 2
Naruto: Clash of Ninja Revolution 1 - 3
Naruto Ultimate Ninja 1 - 5
Rise Of Nightmares
Dead Island
Dynasty Warriors 4 - 7
star fox on nintendo 64 .
I like ps3 ^.^ i like playing left 4 dead 2, black ops, skate 3, assassins creed and UFC 2010
well I don't like video games that much but I like uno
battlefield 3 and  any call of duty ^.^
pacman!! 
mw3 and counter strike:source 
board games- monopoly, chutes and ladders, life.
video games- Devil May Cry Series, Final Fantasy X, X-2, X-3, Jetset Radio, Guitar Hero World tour and Legends of Rock, Super Smash Brothers.
arcade- Pacman, Bejeweled, Tetris (spelling?)
dance- Dance Central, the Micheal Jackson game for Kinect. xD
Sims3
and Final Fantasy games
... oh man i cant think of the name _
i like farcry,call of duty,MW3,halo,grand theft auto 4 and turok!
yahtzee....sims 3 and umm i dunno xD
final fantasy games
sims
kameo (i miss that game -sobsobsob-)
rachet n clank (i was obsessed wiv this game O_O)
Jak
at one point was totally obssessed wiv the bakugan game
Bully
monopoly
mario kart
assassins creed
ums...cant really think of any more atm
The Legend of Zelda, and Super Smash Bros. Brawl/ Super Smash Bros. Melee!!!!
Also: Metabots! It's a game for the gameboy system and I loved it but my gameboy I couldn't play it on because they screen was too dark and my light-screened one broke and so I sold it to That's Entertainment! My character's name was Paul. :') I had three Metabots. One was something that began with a "k" and so I named it starting with the same letter. One was a mouse-type, I think. And the other, I don't really remember. The mouse one I think was female and the other two were male. I kind of regret selling that game. :/ It was uber fun! *Sigh* Oh well...
					
					

Magic the Gathering is about my favorite non-D&D game out there. I had a bunch of really valuable cards but I sold them all to buy more cards. Well thats how it goes... The rich get richer, the poor get in-store credit for their Black Lotus.
The best games are Survival horror games like resident evil 4 and F.E.A.R and rts god games like DK2 and civlystaion
Call of Cthulhu "Mansions of Madness"
Mario, Zelda, most RPG games are fun. Never really got into Fps games. I suck at them lol
I love Mortal Kombat!! Need for speed, bmx vs atv unleashed!!
I love going to arcades :3

I know. Total nerd
I have never been to an arcade before o.o
I love DDR. And as far as video games I love the Harvest Moon series, and just about any RPG.
GTA
final fantasy
kameo
bully
Rachet n clank
Jak
ums...
Gta, final fantasy, tekken, resident evil 4, baldurs gate2, neverwinter nights, rollercoaster tycon, project zero(scares the **** out of me) tales of pirates2, prehistoric, tales of fantasia, need for speed,prince of persia, heroes of might and magic....OMG i wanna play diablo 3....
wwe series!
afl
cricket
ea sports games
nba 2k series
final fantasy 7/8/10
kingdom hearts 1/2
need for speed series
forza motorsport
batman arkham city/asylum
fight night
ufc
gta
lemmings
pokemon red/blue/green/yellow/gold/silver/crystal and the remakes 
digimon world
dragon ball z games
guitar hero
and shit load more!
wwe series!aflcricketea sports gamesnba 2k seriesfinal fantasy 7/8/10kingdom hearts 1/2need for speed seriesforza motorsportbatman arkham city/asylumfight nightufcgtalemmingspokemon red/blue/green/yellow/gold/silver/crystal and the remakes digimon worlddragon ball z gamesguitar heroand shit load more!you play too many games
you play too many games haha what are you? my therapist! haha you should see my list of tv shows and movies  loli have all consoles that have been released! thats why i play alot of games
haha what are you? my therapist! haha you should see my list of tv shows and movies  loli have all consoles that have been released! thats why i play alot of games hahaha yeah  lolz I have seen them xD just haven't commented yet  lolzreally o.o your crazy
hahaha yeah  lolz I have seen them xD just haven't commented yet  lolzreally o.o your crazy haha crazy for playing games? lol you so funny xD lol im getting another 6 games within the nest 8 weeks
i love dragon age, final fantasy and other
zelda
clue
monopoly (original version)
Luigi sux. Sorry, he is like a gay Mario. I enjoy the games Assassin's Creed (brotherhood and revolution), Prince of Persia, Left for Dead 1&2
I'm deffinatly a Pokemon freak XD
the legend of zelda
the elder scrolls:v skyrim
league of legends
Hmmm I would have to say the Devil may cry series I think there's only three of them but I'm not for sure.
I haven't played anything but happy wheels this week. (Aside from the game of "feed the fat repugnant troll")
Mostly Video games..i dont mind board games as long as its with friends 

but i also love to dance
Naruto ultimate ninja storm, naruto ultimate ninja storm 2, naruto ultimate ninja storm generations, dead island, Madden 13, 2k13, RDR UDN
GTA, minecraft, slender, shaun white snowboarding and POKEMON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
donkey kong on nintendo 64, street fighters on Sega.... yeh I like old skool stuff.
sims 2 and 3, kingdom hearts, and final fantasy
far too many to list by name heheh but genre-wise alot of RPGs , a couple Fps, a good bit of action-adventure, a bunch of fighters, a few puzzler, some tabletop, a small amount of racing, aaand DDR
assassin creed III
mw3
ms.pac-man
Video Games & Board Games ftw *~* yeh
sims and assassins creed :3 
Quake
Quake 2
Quake 3 Arena
Unreal Tournament
Quake Live
Assassin's creed series
Alan Wake
Dead Island
Left 4 Dead 2
Dark Souls
Diablo 2
Fallout, and Elder Scrolls.
I don't always play games, but when I do, I prefer Cut the Rope or Slender: The 8 Pages.
shooting games in general but id have to say black ops 2
assassins creed,skyrim and sims 
All of call of duty games and Farcry3
Soul Caliber V, Kind Of A Game Nerd :}
Assassin's creed liberation
wipeout2048
and the sims 1
Zelda, Mario, COD 1 & 2, Gun, Clue, Guitar Hero, Rabid Rabbits, WOW, Minecraft, Monopoly, ATV, Pacman, Galaga, Whoknew, Idiot, BS, Zombie Island.... Dear Lord... What the heck have I done my whole life /.\ lol
Video games horror genre
I'm a really big fan of The Witch's House, The Legend of Zelda, God of War, Halo, and Paranormal....
Need For Speed and Final Fantasy have had me hooked for years now .-. Can't play anything else
Pshhh Video gaming all the way man.
Battlefield 3, Blackjack, and Rommie, Black Ops 2,
.
m y fav are final fantasyXII and zelda
Battlefield3, BlackOps2, any Grand Theft Auto game, Blackjack, and Rommie are all great.
-Assassin's Creed
-Gta
-Need for Speed: World
-Rabbids Go Home(Wii)
-Battlefield
-World of Warcraft
Kingdom Hearts, .Hack//GU.
The Fable Series
Prince of Persia Series
Zelda series
Left4dead 1 and 2
Yugioh! Series for ds
					
					

Kingdom Hearts, Grand Theft Auto, Kingdom Hearts, Animal Crossing, Kingdom Hearts, Gran Turismo...did I mention Kingdom Hearts? Lol
so many cx all elder scrolls games, all fallouts, all CoD's (for fun i know they suck), all battlefields, most mortal kombat games and final fantasies, all command and conquer games, fear, and too many more x3 i play alot on ps3 but games i mod i play on pc c:
Olive Yoshi:) He's my favourite mario character. 
N64: Don't judge me. I play A LOT of pokemon.
Xbox: Probably SBSP: LCA
Xbox 360: Fifa, MW
Xbox 1: I'm currently playing the lego movie game
Ps1: I remember playing this weird beachball game
Ps2: Mortal combat
Ps3: Tekken...any fighting games really
Ps4: 
 but I play cod and assasins creed and all the mainstream stuff .
I love having to think and be strategic so I play a lot of chess.
I dance...in the shower
Pacman used to be my life.
					
					

Batman: arkhan origins
Game Cube: Smash Bros. : Melee
PS2: God of War 2
PSP: Metal Gear Solid:  Peace Walker
PS3: Asura's Wrath
PS4: Infamous: Second Son
What are your favorite movies?
idk really i have alot 
but my most recent is Prince of Persia: Sands of time
final destination!!!!
i thought that sucked
My fav movie is normally the one i really wanna see, which right now is Pirates of the Caribbean(spelt wrong probs o.o) trilogy :] also a nazi movie i saw the start of in class... i like history
My fave movie is the Evil Dead, and homestly, New Moon only for the werewolves.
My fave movie is the Evil Dead, and homestly, New Moon only for the werewolves.
I love the movie Big Fish, it makes me cry *blush*
alice in wonderland!  the new one..lol...but soon in a few weeks...The Last Airbender will probably be my fav..i love M. Night Shyamalan's movies
i love Zombie Land too
biten (l)
i love zombieland!!!
Zombieland is a totally awezome movie.
i never saw it
I love the Underworld trilogy, Watership Down, Corpse Bride and The Nightmare Before Christmas
Toys Story 3. Amazing.
*GASPS* YOU SEEN IT?!?!?!!!!!!! 
but 
ive not seen toy story 3 or alice in wonderland
The Labyrinth, The Dark Crystal, The Hobbit, Legend, The Secret of NIMH, The Last Unicorn, Fantasia,Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, Little Monsters, Unbreakable, Interstella 5555, Beetle Juice, Little Shop of Horrors, Gremlins 2, Return to Oz, The Lion The Witch and The Wardrobe, The Never Ending Story, 300, The Princess Bride, The Crow, The Batman movies
Umm ok mine is eclipse
Have you seen any of the ones I listed?
Yes like 5
Which ones?
Willy wonka beetle juice narnia never ending story and batman
And they're not your favorites? 

D: 

You monster!
I know
if i 'll go with fav there is a long list but most of all or the movie worth to watch i'll go with.
" PERFUME " the story of a murder . . . !!!
Pinapple express, the craft, and avatar
Sweeney Todd: the demon barber of flit street
The Nightmare Before Christmas
Just watched The Expendables today.
PRETTY SICK SHIT. 4/5
Next up: Scott Pilgrim vs. The World. 
perfume is good   but i love  300
the pirates of the carribean (:
Edward Scissorhands
Doctor Zivago, A Nightmare Before Christmas, Eat Pray Love, Resident Evil (them all) and Narnia. :'D
the pirates of the Caribbean , the chronicles of Narnia , The notebook, the titanic, and uh uh shrek.. hmh i thnk dats all d movies i absolutely love and can thnk of dat i love at d moment
hands down, my fav 3 are: two can play that game, honey, and mean girls.
The Nightmare on Elm street :3 hurr hurr..
"According to Greta"..."Paranormal Activity".....
sweeney todd 
nightmare before christmas 
paperman
the final 
secret window

they re all great movies
Pitch Black, Dark Fury, The cronicals of Riddick, Tremors 1-4, Dead Silence, Thirteen Ghosts, Purfume, Dawn of The dead, Pearl Harbor, From paris with love, The Hurt Locker, Saving private Ryan, seven pounds, xXx, The Pacifire.
i lyk hot rod =) heh
Toy story 3 is really amazing Movie. I think Toy story3 was best movie of 2010.
FastFive
Strange Wilderness 
I am big into movies, one of my few hobbies actually. My faves are:The WarriorsThe WanderersGran TorinoAmerican History XNever Back DownLegendaryFour Brothers
well my fav is lord of the rings  
but i also loove alice in wonderland,paranormal activity,pan's labyrinth and the orphan
iron man 2
"Almost Famous"
the hangover rocks!!!!! part 2 is the bomb:),unbreakable, corpse bridge and nightmare before christmas. zombie land is HELLARIOUS;)
Edward Scissorhands and Resident Evil ;o
Final Fantasy 7 wasn't too bad either.
Mimi:

At this time, mah faves for:
"The Beaver" (a movie staring Mel Gibson)
and Midnight Movie (a horror movie about these teens, one little boy, and 2 adults locked in a theater
and getting killed by the killer from the movie they was watchin')
my new favourite movies are Letters to Juliet, Easy A, Due Date, Mean Girls, and for some strange reason The Social Network. :3
Rocky Horror Picture Show!! .
hmm.
The Boondock Saints (1 and 2)
also, any Disney movie.
the Twilight Saga  and Easy A
finding nemo or horrible bosses
My Favorite movie is paranormal activity 1, 2 and 3!  sooo goood
Coraline
ghost in the shell, finding nemo, the shoreshank redemption
Anything by Tim Burton 
My fav movie is Scott pilgrim vs the world  good ass movie!!!
The beginning of my list of favorite movies ..
Zombieland, shawn of the dead, scott pilgrim vs the world, passtion of the christ, i am legend, the new karate kid, holes, see no evil, scary movie 2,3,4....joe dirt!!!!!  iron man and 127 hours
					
					

nightmare before christmas
horror moves and nothing else. like red riding hood and saw 1 through whatever...
Sweeny Todd
Pirates of the Carribean
Edward Scissorhands
Nightmare before Christmas
The covenant
					
					

Watchmen, And everyTim Burton film
Underworld movies....(theres four atm)
Harry Potter lol

I really like the Sherlock Holmes movies...
stuff....idk really
i dnt watch tv much
I have a lotlet see;repo mensaw(i-vi)insidiousi spit on your graveshutter islandnightmare on elm streetThe eyeOrphanharry potterThe exorcism of emily roseThe othersgrudgeThe fogplague townthe ringlet me inetc


my fav movies r jurassicpark and toystory and star wars!!!!
The Nightmare Before Christmas
Tim Burton's Courpes Bride
Harry Potter movies
Twilight Movies
Alice In Wonderland(the new one)
Van Helsing
jennifer's body xD
Hocus pocus,Zombieland, the Last Unicorn,Cyberbully, Avatar, Hugo Cabret, and Real Steel.
I like horror movies mainly so, Final Destination 1, 2, 3, and 4, The exorcist (1970's), The Grudge, Scary Movie 1, 2 ,3 and 4, Resident Evil, Amittyville Horror, Last House on the Left, The Ring, and Boogeyman
Party Monster  best movie ever.
My Bloody Valentine, Accepted, Let's Go To Prison!, Spectacular!, Idiocracy, and every Pirates Of The Carribean (I still have no clue as to how to spell that XD), e.t.c..
Ted Ftw
Nightmare Before Christmass
I dont have fave movie.... Nightmare before christmas 
Suicide Room
Edward Scissorhands, and then The Avengers. XP
avatar
KUNG POW; ENTER THE FIST
2001: A Space Odyssey
Phone Booth, Zodiac, all Harry Potter movies and V for Vendetta.
Glengarry Glen Ross.
FROM Justin  to Killy is my favourite movie
avatarIts a really weird movie i saw it many time and didnt understand it
i hav alot. um, pretty much all Tim Burton movies(hes my fav director=D), Zombieland ROX, i luv Scott Pilgrim vs. The World(ILUVWALLACE O.O), The Hunger Games wuz relly good, Theres a pretty voilent and/or cool movie called Hanna,.... um i guess thats it. If u wish to know more uh frend me. Im new.
happy gilmore
billy maddison
grown ups
pretty much adam sandler stuff!

batman collection
iron man 1
comedys that are fucking funny as fuck
Despicable me
Ponyo
Howls moving castle
Edward Scissorhands
Red Dog
Machete
Hannah
The Nightmare Before Christmas
Step Brothers
Spirited Away
i just got the will ferrell collection  tonights plans..die from laughter!
ZOMBIELAND!
i love stay alive very much
lost boys ftw :3 
pokemon the first movie
Shaun of the Dead
Ichi the Killer
Hobo with a Shotgun
Evil Dead
Full Metal Jacket
American History X
The Believer
Edward Scissorhands
Labirynth
The Goonies
and all horror movies from jap
fullmetal alchemist: the movie
alice in wonderland (the tim burton one)
labyrinth (as well)
the grudge
inception
aaaand the takumi kun series ^w^
My Favorite movie is Lost In Space made in1999 and still THE BEST MOVIE ON THE DAMN PLANET! and off!
- Pirates of the Caribbean
- Ponyo
- Spirited Away
- The Notebook
- Tangled
- The Truman show
- 21 Jump street
I'm into sci-fi crap so the matrix is my favorite
my favorites are the avengers and red dawn (2012) the ones i want to see are Silent Hill 1 and 2
ohhh and I LOVE HORROR FLIMS!
and back to sci fi crap resident evil series are cool too
ohhh and I LOVE HORROR FLIMS!
and back to sci fi crap resident evil series are cool too
yes resident evil the bomb
my faveroute film is the runaways and i loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Jackass!
10. Final Fantasy 7: Advent Children
9. The Hurt Locker
8. The Expendables
7. Dawn of the Dead
6. Black Hawk Down
5. Running with Scissors
4. Battleship
3. The Green Mile
2. True Legend
1. Spirited Away
My favorite movies of all time is @ suicide room and queen of the damned
Easy A, Boy eats girl, Nightmare Before Christmas, Corpse's Bride, Moulin Rouge, Phantom Of The Opera, and Spirited Away.
V for Vendetta....and any pixar movie
DONNIE DARKO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all of the Saw movies
John Dies At the end-that movie is just...silence!
Anything will Will ferrell
something horror
The Orphan
White chicks is quality terry crews never gets old!
Borat, Bruno, The Dictator, and my favorite is probably The Hangover
The Silence of the Lambs
Blood and Chocolate
Bram Stokers Dracula
The Exorcist
Nightmare on Elm Street
Carrie
Children of The Corn
Titanic
The Hunger Games
Any and all vampire movies.
Ip man 1&2. All the harry potter movies. All the starwars movies. Lords of the ring movies. The hobbit. Battle of los angeles. Jarheads. Lords of dogtown. Crank 1&2. Zombieland. Never back down. Kick-ass. Amazing spiderman. 30mins or less. Scarface. I am legend. Super troopers. Indisputed 2. chronicle and iron man 1&2
One more I want to mention. If you want to see a movie that's almost certain to make you cry, see 'Man In The Moon' with Reese Witherspoon. That one will bring out the tears. It did for me.
V for Vendetta
The Boy in The Striped Pajamas
Mulan (the first one)
I am Legend
Friday (the first one xD)
Burlesque
Batman: The Dark Knight
Como Agua Por Chocolate (Like Water for Chocolate)
white chicks, underworld
KILL BILL
the Purge
V for Vendetta
The Boy in The Striped Pajamas
Mulan (the first one)
I am Legend
Friday (the first one xD)
Burlesque
Batman: The Dark Knight
Como Agua Por Chocolate (Like Water for Chocolate)
I forgot Titanic. o.o
Matrix Trilogy
Back to the Future Trilogy
Iron Man Trilogy
Batman movies and pretty much anything else to do with superheroes
Most zombie movies, like Resident Evil
V For Vendetta
Lord of the Rings Trilogy
Harry Potter movies
Purple Rain (Prince kicks ass)
28 Days Later & 28 Weeks Later
Gothika
all I can think of for now
All the movies Johnny depp has been in
Pulp Fiction


All the batman movies and all the movies Johnny depp has been in
The Devil's Rejects, Dawn Of The Dead (2004), Halloween II (2009), Friday The 13th: The Final Chapter, The Lords Of Salem, Stagefright (1987), Requiem For A Dream, The Impossible, The Poseidon Adventure, It Follows, House Of 1,000 Corpses, Black Swan, The Hills Have Eyes (2006), The Last House On The Left (1972), The Divide, Red State, Mother's Day (2010/12), Final Destination 2, Saw III, The Seasoning House.
"Lucy" is probably my favorite movie. Its a movie about a girl that is caught up in a drug deal and the drugs where what would unlock super human abilities. She unlocks a 100% of her mind.
"The Crow" but only the origional because the later ones all kind of suck.
What are your favorite TV shows?
mighty mophers power rangers
glee
Invader Zim because who can't resist cute lil robots?
Bleach im an anime freak :3
Im in the band(:
Love it 
ghost whisperer
Bleach im an anime freak :3bleach is the bestest...and supernatural!!
Bleach im an anime freak :3O...M....G!!!!!1 I LOVE BLEACH!!!!! wat episode are you on?!?!?!?!! pm me plZ!!!!
invader zim and 6teen are the best hands down
emmm The mighty Boosh
or
South Park
vampire diaries smallville and supernatural
Supernatural, Doctor Who, Chuck
fear factor , so you think you can dance and master chef . . . !!!
tosh.0 nd metalocalypse.....so so funnayy!!
I LOVED the show scarred it always made me laugh.  
american dad,family guy,futurama,south park,pokemons :3,naruto,death note,trigun,hellsing,uhh and alot more
ALL except for Naruto and pokemon!! but the rest , matt, AWSOME!!!!!
lol me and atreyu are into the same shows 
especially bleach
oh look i found a mix of my fav two 
Y8t6vPNVU6E
HOLY...
.
..
...
....
.....
.....
....
...
..
.
FUCKIN...
.
..
...
....
.....
.....
....
...
..
.
SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
South park is awesome. butters from south park is the jizz.
Invader Zim definitely!!!!!!!! XD
^.^ thats a good one too!!! ~.^
invader zim, supernatural, soul eater, clannad the melchanoly of haruhi suzamiya, and last but not least, total drama island, total drama action and total drama world tour. some of thoze were anime. anime is f-ing awzome
clannad is kinda a love story,but it is a pretty good anime
invader zim and dexter's labtory (:
Naruto,bleach
Hellsing, Death Note, South Park, Ugly Americans
M*A*S*H defiantly =P . even tho its old and got old humor and every one else hates it .  i love it (:
family guy, degrassi, southpark, the 70 show, more and more and more lol
Supernatural is the best (in my opinion)
6teen is nice. i like watching boondocks occasionally. big bang theory is funny and i find desperate housewives to be entertaining
oh and degrassi and that 70's show. phineas and ferbs is pimpin lolz.
degrassi, doctor who....
The inbetweeners & Misfits :3
annd south of nowhere. good show.
My favorite series are Dexter & 24. 24 is the best series from Fox. And I am looking for the Dexter's season five in this autum.
Invader Zim( I love you Gir), Family Guy, Adventure Time, Regular Show
Ghost Adventures
Family Guy
Spongebob
Urban Legends
Invader Zim
My Strange Addiction
Cops
Operation Repo
The Smoking Gun Presents
Mk...
Fringe, CSI:NY, The Mentalist, Bones, Psych!, Chuck, House, Parenthood, The Event.. Um... Yeah that's all I watch XD (I think)
Supernatural n family guy=P
invader zim. gir is too damn cute.
King of the Hill I tell ya what.
Dreameater Merry (Anime Network, HUGE fan)

Close second is Ghost Adventures
					
					

Doctor Who :3
Criminal Minds!! 
Married...With Children
american dad,family guy,futurama,south park,pokemons :3,naruto,death note,trigun,hellsing,uhh and alot moreOMG!!! MATT!!! YOU WATCH DEATH NOTE?!?!?!?!?!?!?! I LOOOOOVVVVVVEEEESSSSS DEATH NOTE!!!
Law and Order,  Criminal minds, CSI, and Pawn Stars!
lol
South Park, Supernatural, Teen Wolf, Being Human and Underbelly Razor
Adventure Time :3
Full Metal Alchemist 
Vampire Knight 
South Park
American Dad
Family Guy
Bleach 
Adventure Time 
Terranova
Pretty Little Liars!!
Anime (all of the specific ones are listed in my interests lol  )
Regular Show
Adventure Time
The Amazing World of Gumball
Chowder
The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack
(Pretty much anything on Cartoon Network)
Spongebob
Shake It Up
RUGRATS 
(i watches cartoons and such :3)
omg, Ugly Betty xD
stuffs on Animal Planet lol
w
Adventure time
THE BIG BANG THEORY
FAMILY GUY
DEATHNOTE
friends
supernatural
Here are a few of my favorite tv shows .
Bleach,inuyasha,naruto...stuff like that
Black Butler 
forever and always.... Spongebob ^.^
dragonball gt, regular show, 1000 ways to die ^.^ rob and big, props and jackass lol
hell girl ( cuz it's freaking addicting),bleach, naruto shippduden, family guy and too many others to listby the time I'd finish we'd all be asleep lol
house
Storage Wars
The Vampire Diaries and The Big Bang Theory.
House
Spongebob
Jeopardy
Death Note

o.o
					
					

doctor who
naruto
bleach
vampire knight
death note
out- back riders
mrs maple
vampire diaries
true blood
bones
crimnal mines
ect dective shows and horrors
TRAILER PARK BOYS
i dnt mind the singer shows like Australian idol n the voice n x factor n such
or Australias got talent
biggest loser
masterchef ok...
ummmssss...

i sumtimes watch The Bold And The Beautiful wiv mum...
70s show, south park, tosh.0
M*A*S*H and WWF/WWE  =3 !
clannand
Quran high school
Naruto
fairy tail
family guy
clannand
Quran high school
Naruto
fairy tail
family guy
i like ghost adventures,south park,tosh.o,sponebob and agt
south park 1000 ways 2 die and bleach
The Inbetweeners. lol.
Doctor Who, Merlin, Sherlock, Death Note
I was addicted to Torchwood
friend-zone ;p
& disaster date lol
Supernatural!Black Butler!Ridiculousness!Family Guy!American Dragon:Jake Long!Thats So Raven!Even Stevens!
AND TEEN FUCKING TITANS!

big bang theory, super natural, drop dead diva, glee, castle, FRIENDS!
cant remeber the others =P
big bang theory, new girl, friends, Hamish and Andy (when they have a tv show on) lolz umm and DEATH NOTE
Elfen Lied. Death Note. South Park. American Dad. High School of The Dead. Soul Eater. Claymore. Many more but i dont feel like posting them
Monster Man, Teen Wolf and 1000 Ways to Die
ums
The Voice
Masterchef
Death Note
Bargain Hunt (oh my god he wears the worst glasses .
Scrubs
Supernatural!!!
Futurama, 6teen, Drake & Josh, e.t.c..
LA ink is pretty cool lolz Cupcake wars xD cake boss n Pop Asia, Death Note, Zombie Loan etc
Bleach, Full Metal Alchemist, Elfin Lied, Code lokyo, Deadman Wonderland, and Cowboy Bebop are my absolute favs
MLP:FiM... Go Pegasisters!
seinfeld.
Rigth now, I would definitely like to be trapped in Big Bang Theory. Why? They are so Smart and hilarious. Oh and I want to hang out with Penny just because she is way cool. Which of the roommates would I chill with most? Probably Leonard because he is the most down to earth one out of the bunch. I would probably end up sitting in Sheldon's spot on the couch just to make him crazy.
full metal panic!!
two and a half men
big bang theory
how i met your mother
anger management
the simpsons
the cleveland show
family guy
american dad
spin city
full house
fresh prince of bel air
pokemon
digimon
dragon ball z
new girl
last man standing
comic book men
scrubs
everybody loves raymond
the king of queens
2 broke girls
two guys and a girl and a pizza place
whale wars
men at work
seinfeld
futurama
that was alot ^ O...o
ahh i dont watch tv much....
i guess Extreme fishing with robson Greene
bargain hunt
youtube xD lol
two and a half menbig bang theoryhow i met your motheranger managementthe simpsonsthe cleveland showfamily guyamerican dadspin cityfull housefresh prince of bel airpokemondigimondragon ball znew girllast man standingcomic book menscrubseverybody loves raymondthe king of queens2 broke girlstwo guys and a girl and a pizza placewhale warsmen at workseinfeldfuturamahaha haven't heard of some of them xDlolz new girl is coolies anger managementPinky and the BrainGordon behind barsetc I cant think at the moment lolz
haha haven't heard of some of them xDlolz new girl is cooliesanger managementPinky and the BrainGordon behind barsetc I cant think at the moment lolzlol ii have a shitload of tv shows to name 


lol ii have a shitload of tv shows to name Haha I don't watch much TV so I dont have many
My fave tv show is the big bang theory. Its awesomely funny. :3
Spongebob :3
30 Rock, Office, Ellen Degeneres, Family Guy, South Park, Parental Control, Silent Library, Disaster Date, and Teen Mom
South park and Invader Zim!
my fav show is (idol show) it is a korean program
bleach
Naruto, naruto shippuden, soul eater, fulmetal alchemist brotherhood, fooly cooly, durarara, Deadman wonderland, Spongebob, casheern sins, one peice, Big O
I LOVE BLEACH IM OBSESSED i have seen all episodes
1) The Venture Brothers
2) Never Mind the Buzzcocks
3) Futurama
4) M*A*S*H
5) South Park
6) Numbers
7) Monty Python's Flying Circus
8) Ghost Hunters
9) Destination Truth
10) Avatar: The Last Airbender
Probably Bleach~ :3
Aha, I have so much c: mostly anime, or stupid funny stuff  But if I had to choose I'd say GLEE or Big Bang Theory
Ghost adventures 
Ghost adventures 
Ghost adventures
Death Note and Ghost Whisperer!!!
Big bang theory and family guy
uuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhh...i think it'll be easier to just name the station...cartoon network
Death Note, Deadman Wonderland, and Bastard.
death note and supernatural  
Lost Girl, Adventure Time, Gravity Falls, Vampire Diaries, and Catfish.
Game of thrones.
Oh gawd! Too many to count xP supernatural, walking dead, Jericho, invader zim, adventure time, alfas, black butler, spongebob... I can go on & on! xD
Duck dynasty!
Supernatural
ahahahahah! I CAN'T EFFING READ!!!!!
Powerpuff girls and Courage the Cowardly dog. Kickin' it old school.
death note, soul eater, hero, dr.who!!!, ncis for some reason, wear house 13...really anything syfy
American dad, family guy, Inuyasha, teen wolf, and South Park
death note x
Blue Exorcist lol my anime side
guy code and girl code and family guy
Doctor Who!!!
Tosh.o, South Park, Family Guy, American Dad, My name is earl. South Park is my favorite
Doctor who c:
skins, even if i'm not from the UK XD
Doctor who c:
i said it first:3
i said it first:3
I dont care! xD
I dont care! xD
i love you:3
oh and also HELLS KITCHEN/kitchen nigtmares, im about the only one that can stand Gordon Ramsey... he's my hero
Supernatural ~sighs~
Top Gear (UK), Breaking Bad, Fast N' Loud, Eat St., Overhaulin', American Chopper, Sons of Anarchy, Tattoo Nightmares, Embarrassing Bodies.
Its Always Sunny in Philly, The Walking Dead, and That 70s Show.
TORCHWOOD
vampire diaries bestest
i like anime but theres too many of those, soo supernatural, breaking bad, the walking dead, malcom in the middle c:
Castle,The originals,How i met your mother,Dexter,Ugly betty,Vampire diaries,Once upon a time,Teen wolf,Supernatural, One tree hill and Big bang theory


*looks at Netflix history list*
umm.. a lot lol
Arrow
Doctor Who
Heroes
Kyle XY
Roswell
.....and like a bunch of others
FRIENDS , The big bang theory, Fringe....
Blue exersist
Under the dome and sleepy hollow (yes there is a tv show on sleepy hollow look it up)
Vampire diapers,ridicoulessness, naruto,black butle and final fantasy
Survivor, The Sopranos, The L Word, Weeds, Lost, Masters Of Horror, Warehouse 13, The Weakest Link, Desperate Housewives, The Walking Dead, Black Butler.
Blue exorcist, The Walking Dead, Black Butler, Death Note...etc...
					
					

Ok so here's the deal. I miss Ep. as far as i can tell this place is doing nothing but collecting cob webs. So with that being said ive been here a long time. (multiple accounts do to terrible time remembering passwords.)but from here on i have a challenge for everyone who's reading this. Tell your friends to tell they're friends make this place go bump in the night once more. Also Any admins who see this....PLEASE MESSAGE ME
Ok so here's the deal. I miss Ep. as far as i can tell this place is doing nothing but collecting cob webs. So with that being said ive been here a long time. (multiple accounts do to terrible time remembering passwords.)but from here on i have a challenge for everyone who's reading this. Tell your friends to tell they're friends make this place go bump in the night once more. Also Any admins who see this....PLEASE MESSAGE ME
any thoughts on the new consoles coming on to the market?
nintendo was first
NES
PS4 
screw Xbox one
I have the Xbox One, but it was terrible right out of the box. Really only got it because it was a better deal, and the fact that I've been in the Xbox Live system for a long enough time by this point that there's not much point in leaving it so suddenly. I do wish I would've gone the way of the PS4, but there's not much I can do now...
Playstation because, first off they screwed with the xbox one, secondly ps4 is so much better iv'e grown up with the sony i still have the original ps1....
I prefer Xbox one.
Anyone here like anime
of course! Anime's huge on this site haha
*Fangirl mode activated* HOLY SHIZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ ANIME OMGOMGOMGOGMOGMOGM YOU LIKE ANIME, I LIKE ANIME! YAYAYYAYAYAYA YOU HAVE NO IDEA I HAVE NO LIFE BESIDES IT. 1AM ANIME, 2AM ANIME, 3, 4 , 5, 6, 7? STILL WATCHING ANIME. ANIME IS LOVE, ANIME IS LIFE. I JUST WANT TO HUG THE LIFE OUT OF WHOEVER MADE SUCH A THING WHY AREN'T THERE MUCH POEPLE WHO LIKE ANIME OMFG ANIME RULES FML IT'S SO SAD NOT MANY PEOPLE IN THIS WORLD DO NOT KNOW WHAT ANIME IS....So, um...yeah. I like anime.
Anime is life!!!! The day anime no longer exsists! is when Titans will roam the earth.
That an massive blue flames will apear out of know where!
Sure I like it, ALOT.
Mostly Dbz, Dbs, Naruto, and Soul Eater.
What was the last movie you watched?
The last movie I watched was The Secret Life Of Pets.
Batman the killing joke.
Sleepers.
South Park Bigger Longer And Uncut
Mine was when I had a fever and got too hot so I started to hallucinate at about 4:00am felt like I was being crushed slowly 'shudder'
when I was alone with my friend and she started to run suddely and later I asked her what happened and she told me crying that she saw a man in the bushes looking at us with a knife in his hand omg  and I believe my friend because she never cries and when she told meh that she was crying :'( brrr ^^
im living it
laying in a hostital bed for 3 days with a broken leg and bandages covering my cuts
falling off a cliff thats about 6 stories high....and land hands and face first into the dirt....
I nearly steped on a Pigmy RattleSnake while walking in my backyard. Or when I was walking threw some palmeto bushes and nearly steped on a cotton mouth. or when I was dragging one of those kiddy pools full of mud and water threw the yard and I went to reposition my hands and had a female BlackWidow spider crawling on one of my hands.
I nearly steped on a Pigmy RattleSnake while walking in my backyard. Or when I was walking threw some palmeto bushes and nearly steped on a cotton mouth. or when I was dragging one of those kiddy pools full of mud and water threw the yard and I went to reposition my hands and had a female BlackWidow spider crawling on one of my hands.
i nearly got hit by a car once... :/
n nearly died multiple times wen little from asthma attacks...

oh n i woke up once not being able to move n my nek was really sore...hardly couldnt move my body... n kept fainting n getting heat rushes n such everytime i actually stood up (with difficulty)...i still have no idea wat all that was bout...but i was freaking coz it was my nek...n if i badly hurt my nek i wud kinda b stuffed...
					
					

Hmmm mine would be when I was with my mom in her car an  we was goin to town an all of a sudden a big semi pulled right out in front of us!!!..... 


too many to count
not being able to breathe
The day they came for her...
ussually scariest moments are pier pressure
one of the scariest moment i had was when i was alone stuck inside an elevator...
wen my dad gets really angry, he yells n swears n hits n throws stuff...scares the shit out of me
When I was playing hide and seek with two dudes in a massive stack of hay bails. They all fell down. -.-
At my grandmas me and my 2 cousins went upstairs and it was storming and we closed the door and about five hrs later I tried to open the door but it was lock....but there was no lock on the door.we stomped and screamed and made all the noise we could so somebody would hear us but we were up there for exactly 4hours and then the closet door that was in the room started opening and and we could hear this faint far away little girl laughing and we could hear it coming from the closet at exactly the same time when my aunt opened the door and the closet shut quickly and we started yelling and screaming and running an telling my aunt about everything and when we told my other aunt she said she does see a little girl running from room to room when she's excercising
Here one more that happened at my grandmas but this isn't the last of it....
  We also put a recorder up there and we got a big bang on it like something crashed and we also got a little girl singing and then saying Julie .....Julie is my aunts name and she sleeps up there....
Here is the SCARIEST thing that scared me.....my near death.
Those were all true and I guess they all scared me equally but my near death will always be the scariest
Q_Q being stuck at the top of an upside down ride in a cage
Well best to get all the bad embaressing stuff out of the way first when making a first impression....

I fell out of a tree but the worst part came when my uncles baby calf, who was tied up to that exact tree got spooked and ran till she snaped her neck made this awful gruggling scream and died. to this day thats the single most traumatic thing thats happened to me as a child.
when I had to do the high ropes course.... I hate heights
^ that .
I had a grenade bounce off a rock, and roll up to the blast wall and detenate in basic.
life...
Um... one of my guy friend smoked pot, then I came b, and he started scaring me pretty bad.
yeah i guess waking up in the hostpital, the acutal events werent that bad but just waking up in a hostpital.
When I Found Out Justin Bieber Was A Boy, Lol, Jk, But Seriously, It Would Have To Be When I Was Young, About 8 Or 9, Me And My Cousins Were Playing Around Some Big Rocks, And We Were Attacked By A Swarm Of Killer Bee's, I Was The Only One That Didn't Get Stung, But It Traumatized Me, Im Scared To Death Of Bee's, Wasps, Hornets, Spiders, Snakes, Basically Anything That Can Possibly Be Venomous, Enen If I Know It's Not, If I Even See One I Go Into A Panic Attack.
I am afraid of the dark although i love dark things. I rarely walk outside at night but one night i was lying on my bed listening to music,then electricity went off and suddenly the room was dark then i had to close my eyes and call my sister. Everything scarey that iv seen in horror moves started flying back to my mind then i became more scared then cried.
I think the scariest moment i had was when I was at school walking down the hall and i nearly passed out and a teacher saw and she started to ask me a bunch of question about what was wrong. I told her it was just lack of sleep but the truth was cause of my cutting and i didnt have lack of sleep cause after i cut i passed out for 11 hours. I thought right then and there she was gonna find out about my cuts and have me sent to a mental hospital. I realized then i needed to be for carful of cutting cause people have found my cuts tons of times and i nearly got sent to a mental hospital everytime.
Emobunny at which part of your body do u usually cut urself
When some knob at a metalfest was pushing random girls over and then decided to try it on me. Worst experience of my entire life, so many fucking feet.
realising my brother ate the last oreo
Emobunny at which part of your body do u usually cut urself
Wrist, arms, thighs, ankles, stomach, hips
Being held at gun point during a robbery at work
Hmmm when I thought I got banned from my fav game...lol my heart dropped to my ass xD I was sooo scared
Hmmm when I thought I got banned from my fav game...lol my heart dropped to my ass xD I was sooo scared
lol XD nice
ohoh getting chased by some white supremacists
and getting caught in some rapids while kayaking down a river and seeing a 30ft drop up ahead
or realizing that my safety harness wasn't really secure on one of the coasters a six flags
oh or that time I was caving with some friends and I got lost and was starting to freeze from hypothermia
or that time I thought I accidentally deleted my main save on Skyrim
hmm I can't decide which is the scariest and I have a couple more to list but ill stop here
was at someones house then they left, 2 story house so thats always bad. heard someone walk upstairs, thought they were home so i went up to look, no one. heard the back door downstairs slide open then close, yea it sucked cx
Im a thug.
I AINT NEVUH SCURRED.
This has always stuck with me since on the same day my town was hit another area in Ohio was hit even worse (with more damage and deaths). Seeing how we'd been caught in previous tornados at home without proper shelter, we decided to play it safe with this one and as soon as the weather started acting up, we sped to the fire station along with a bunch of other people from town. A ton of people crowded into the building and only a few minutes after we arrived, everything went black and all I could hear was wind and a baby screaming on a loop (which turned out to be a fake baby someone had for a school assignment, thankfully). Of course, a lot of other people were probably screaming and freaking out too but I couldn't hear them since I was pretty much under my mom and some other random people who were 'shielding the kids' the whole time, lol. When it was over, everyone stayed in place for a few and then went outside. I remember being pretty surprised that not everything around the station was gone (though some buildings had a bit of damage, obviously). Some of the trees were totally screwed up.My mom didn't want to go home because she was worried that our HOUSE was gone but my stepdad finally convinced her to go so we went home later that night and as it turns out, our house was pretty much untouched aside from some branches strewn everywhere (some hit the house, but big whoop) and some dirt kicked up. I think it's kind of funny that we left our house to get away from the tornado but ended up in its path by going to the station. Oops! But oh well, better safe than sorry and with our track record, if we'd stayed home, we probably WOULD have been hit at our house.Fun fact; this outbreak was featured in a documentary on the two disc edition of the movie Twister, mainly 'spotlighting' the Van Wert tornado and the destruction of a movie theater there.--------------------------------------------------------------------Another tornado when I was five or so. On the news it said we had a "thunderstorm watch" and seconds later it transitioned to "tornado warning." My mom, stepdad, dog and I piled into our truck and started to leave when it hit. Everything kept getting dark, then light, then dark again. The van next to us in the driveway kept rocking back and forth, as was the Datsun on the other side of us. Trees blew apart, as did parts of our trailer and others in the neighborhood. Some were close to leveled. A large portion of my roof was gone in seconds, including parts above my bedroom. Our owning/awning/however-you-spell-it blew apart and the biggest chunk flipped into the yard, landing inches from a propane tank. In the junkyard near us, cars that were stacked topped over. Was pretty horrifying but we all survived uninjured.Being in multiple car accidents (including a rollover, yikes) = scary shit too. Altogether, I've been in twelve car accidents (no, I wasn't driving during any of them, hush) and eight tornados (two or three were F0's but still caused some damage to my house at the time so I count them, lol).
Mine was when I had an out of body experience as the result from withdrawal from one of the medicines I was on.
Edward Scissor hands is pure genius. I love that film.
All of his movies ^.^
I cant decide which one is the best
OMGSSSSSS I LOVE ALL OF TIM BURTONS MOVIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! xD Sweeny Todd, Edward Scissors hands, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Alice in Wonderland, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, PEE WEE's Big Adventure, and I want to see Corpse Bride :3
corpse bridenightmare before christmassweeny toddheadless horsemandark shadowscharlie n the chocolate factoryedward scissorhands xDTim Burton is amazing! he suuu coolies! 
ALL OF HIS MOVIES ARE PURE AMAZING!! but I love edward scissorhands, nightmare before christmas and alice in wonderland
NIGHTMARE BEFORE CHRISTMAS
^ :3

Tim Burton just makes awesome movies all the time xD
he awsumness
Sweeny Todd. Who doesn't love a vengeful, murderous barber and an obsessive baker who turns corpses into pies
Beetlejuice. I haven't liked anything else he's ever done.
can i say like...all of em?
*.* I love all his movies! But, I'd say that The Nightmare Before Christmas is mah fave:D
Tim Burton is an amazing guy I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE ALL of his movies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!But if I had to pick, It would be Nightmare Before Christmas or Corpse Bride
					
					

EDWARD SCISSOR HANDS!!!
eh...haven't seen them all
Nightmare Before Christmas is my top favorite from him, then Alice in Wonderland, then Corpse Bride. I haven't seen Beetlejuice, Sweeny Todd, Edward Scissor hands, Sleepy Hollow or Dark Shadows, REALLY REALLY want to though.
Alice in Wonderland and Dark Shadows ^^ both are hilarious xD
The Nightmare Before Christmas. It is, and always has been, my favorite movie of all time, nevermind my favorite Tim Burton movie.
Big Fish.
The classic Nightmare before christmas and Edward scissor hands. The man is pure genious ^.^
The classic Nightmare before christmas and Edward scissor hands. The man is pure genious ^.^
Beetlejuice.
The Nightmare Before Christmas, Sweeney Tod, and Corpse's Bride are my favorite movies by him
My favorite is the nightmare before Christmas. But anything Tim Burton I love it
night mare before christmas !  unless batman counts..
Why did you have to ask an impossible question?????  :'(
Nightmare before christmas FTW. i know "what's this?!" by heart XD
Beetlejuice and the nightmare before Christmas
batman
Alice in Wonderland, Nightmare Before Christmas, and Corpse Bride
dark shadows
corpse bridenightmare before christmassweeny toddcharlie and the chocolate factory
nightmare before christmas takes the cake c: i love jack
All of them cuz i actually watched all of them expect for the new one
I love The Nightmare Before Christmas and Corpse Bride. I love Tim Burton Movies because of how dark and unique they are.
All of them.lol
Nightmare before Christmas and corpse bride
Corpse Bride is my favorite.
Very first anime you've ever watched
I think it was either Pokemon or Yu-gi-oh! I was very little.
Mine was ranma 1/2, due to always hanging out at my cousins house
I loved Ranma 1/2 hahah. But my first ever one would be Sailor Moon.
:happy:;SAO wasn't my first but favorite atm
Naruto  *Does the sexy justsu*
Those are all great animes, wait who remembers blue dragon
Yu Yu Hakusho
pokemon or yu gi oh
Um, it was either one of the "Dragon Ball" seasons, "Pokemon," or "Yugi - Oh!"
drangon ball
Code lyoko.
yu yu hakusho
slam dunk
Pokemon ,Yu-gi-OH! and NARUTO :3 still watching =n.n=
I don't recall but I think it was speedracer.
Soul Eater
Whisper of the heart
Fruits Basket
I know a lot of Otakus can't pick a favourite but for me, my favorite anime, hands down is Sailor Moon. I'm obsessed :3 
What's your favourite?
I can't choose Dx at the moment I loooove kuroshitsuji :3 probably because of their musical 2 performance thingy that was AMAZING! but there are heaps that I love, they're just so good! like sword art online, code breaker, death note, and many many others xD
Elfen lied and myself;yourself
Nichijou always puts me in a good mood buut...as for having a favorite, I don't think that is possible for me
I think at the moment my favourite anime is Blue Exorcist
Mine is Kuroshitsuji I love both the manga and the anime....The last episode of the second season made me cry my eyes out...I cried two ours after watching it,plus I love that smexeh butler Sebastian.And of course that adorable master,Ciel Phantomhive.
Have any of you watched Nyan Koi?
Might as well put Chaos;Head.
Yeah i'd suggest to watch the OVA's before Season 2 though. It basically explains what happens in between the time periods.
OOH Hetalia and Panty & Stocking With Garterbelt are my top two!
i have no idea were to even start. but ill try. i like: inuyasha (an oldie but it was my first anime and you just gotta love you first anime), durarara, darker than black, strike witches (don't even ask), Naruto (mainly the akatsuki that isn't itachi or kakazu),black butler, pokemon(i have no life....),elfen lied, blue exocist, chobits,and even still more...
Recently just re-watched YuYu Hakusho. Reminded me of how much I loved that series and the memories of watching it as a child.
I am surprised no one said Angel Beats yet. I watch a lot of Anime/ read a lot of manga. And it still beats everything.
I am surprised no one said Angel Beats yet. I watch a lot of Anime/ read a lot of manga. And it still beats everything.


That's one of the anime's I'm planning on watching soon.
Just got into The Mystic Archives of Dantalian.
My favorites are Death Note, Samurai Champloo, Rurouni Kenshin, Yu Yu Hakusho and Elfen Lied. (in that order)
For anime I'm watching DBZ, Bleach, Naruto (the latest episodes btw) and sometimes One Piece. I know it's all well known animes but I hope to get into more lesser known stuff soon
Hmmm I'd have to say either bleach or blue exorsist
Oooh ooh, I like fairy tail and one peice
bleach is the best
My favorite is also sailor moon. I can't wait until the new series.  I used to watch a lot more anime shows but I stopped when my friends started watching them...
Elfen lied, Death Note, Deadman Wonderland, Bleach, Vampire Knight, Blood + .... There's more to my list xD  but my all time fave (even though it's old) Inuyasha and High School Of The Dead!
Hmm, out of all the anime I have watched, I say that I thoroughly enjoyed:
- Soul Eater (First anime)
- Blue Exorcist (Can never get board of)
- Deadman Wonderland (Really exciting)
- Attack on Titan (Spontaneous)
- Clannad (First anime that made me cry)
- Sword Art Online (Really interesting story-line)
- Hunter x Hunter (Classic and adorable)
- Hataraku Maou-Sama (Funny and interesting)
either attack on titan or sword art online c:
either attack on titan or sword art online c:

Hmm, out of all the anime I have watched, I say that I thoroughly enjoyed:
- Soul Eater (First anime)
- Blue Exorcist (Can never get board of)
- Deadman Wonderland (Really exciting)
- Attack on Titan (Spontaneous)
- Clannad (First anime that made me cry)
- Sword Art Online (Really interesting story-line)
- Hunter x Hunter (Classic and adorable)
- Hataraku Maou-Sama (Funny and interesting)Im watching attack of Titan right now. Its BADASS.
Officially one of my favorites right now! 


Deathnote,vampire knight,Black butler and hell girl
Naruto, durarara and black butler but mainly naruto
Elfen lied, Soul Eater, Attack on titan and D- gray man.
I don't watch much anime. -.-
I would have to say all of the anime in the world i love
I love A LOT of anime but I'd have to choose Clannad because that shit is emotional.
Im watching attack of Titan right now. Its BADASS.
Officially one of my favorites right now! 

I've only watched ep 1. It's amazing and being the emotional person Iam I cried like a baby at the end. Now I'm scared to watch ep 2, is it good? 0_0
Hai ..
DMC "Detroit Metal City" !!!!! \m/
At the moment Death Parade and D gray man I think..
Sadly I'm super mainstream, top 3: Attack on Titan, Blue Exorcist, and Soul Eater in that order.
Has anyone seen the movie, "Suicide Room" or "Sala Samobojcow" ?
What are your thoughts on it?
The boyyxboy in there. 
The way he died, calling for his parents. Its just ironic to me. The people he hated, screamed at and pushed away were the first names he screamed for help. 
People take for granted what they have until its gone.
I loved that movie, the end just makes me suu emotional .
nope...but i shall check it out later
I've seen it, and it is  an amazing movie. Great actors, and a    story that made me cry. I felt like that it was a tragic how he die, but it also saved that girl's life. Finally got her out of her room, and out into the real world.
nope...but i shall check it out later
Here's the link :3
					
					

i just saw the movie,the end is so sad...
This just tells me I need to watch this gawd dammit no spoilers :3
I love the movie and i almost cried at the end because of what happened
Wow, sad ending
**SPOILER ALERT***
I think the way he died was ironic beacause he was telling the girl with pink hair that suicide wasn't the answer.
**SPOILER ALERT***
I think the way he died was ironic beacause he was telling the girl with pink hair that suicide wasn't the answer.
very sad ending but you have to admit those 2 kissing were off the wall HOT!


anyone like yu yu hakusho im on episode 46 gotta watch it though its really good. If you dont what is your favorite anime.
Nirvana 
Bring me the horizon
Pierce the veil
Sleeping with sirens 
Nevershoutnever
And those are just off the top of my head
What is your guy's favorite band? Mine at the moment is Bring Me The Horizon.
slipknot,marily mason ma favorits
my favourite book is Joseph Finder's '' Power Play ''
Any book by Andrew Klavan I find myself not wanting to stop
does manga count?...if so then i can't choose
i don't think manga is categorized as a book.
actually, manga is considered as a book.
well then i guess now i can't choose...hm...m sorry
The Perfect Date by R.L. Stine.
the notebook
Its not one book its a series, but i love the house of night novels and morganville series. theyre soooo good.

OH also all time fav from childhood, black beauty :3
The sandman series by Niel Gailmen. It's dark, poetic and thought provoking. The characters are a manifestation of human aspects like dreams and desires. They mostly do evil things but you can't hate them cause human nature made them so. My favorite characters are Death and the youngest sister Delirium.

We love it so much we didn't let them make a movie adaption to fuck it up, even if johnny deep was rumoured to be casted for the part of Dream. (But mostly we don't want an onslaught of stupid fake fans like when the walking dead got a T.V adaption.)
my fave book is wicked
I enjoy a lot of Robert Ludlum's books. Gemini contenders, scarletti inheritance and scorpio illusion are some of my faves by him.

Haven't had a chance to read the bourne trilogy yet though
i love horror and super natural and distopian society so...any of those
The lost symbol by dan brown
Shelter by umm...Harlan Coben I think
A Series of Unfortunate Events.
I really liked the book i just recently read, its definitely up in my top fav books now. Its called antigoddess
To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee and Three Day Road by Joseph Boyden!
Any thing that has werewolves in it
Maximum ride and Fallen and divergent
Fifty shadse of gray and ghost huntress. Fifty shades of gray is actually a good book minus all the sex and stuff, but I guess with it is good to  ^_____^
does manga count?...if so then i can't choose


Yes manga totally!  Anime for life ! XD
So many, 
one by...
Anthony Horowitz
Or
R.L. Stine
Or
Mark Walden
Or
Robert Muchamore
I DON'T KNOW!!!
The Perfect Date by R.L. Stine.
R.L. Stine is a great writer
Not read that book though
					
					

Good Omens by Neil Gaimen
Uh PlayStation all day, i say this cause i was brought up on PlayStation i have all systems this is my opinion
I have had all Playstations except the Vita and the PS4 but this gen im just aiming towards SteamOS instead.
Meh I liked Xbox One and PS4. 
I guess it's all about personal preference.
Also If It wasn't for sony Microsoft wouldnt have a system because the creation of the PlayStation inspired the making of the xbox.
PRAISES TO THE PLAYSTATION!!!!
I grew up from sega to playstation i still play ...

Xbox 1  is bad. Handsdown!!!

And the  xbox will never meet the standards of graphics Playstation bas
Plus most games are  usually played in PS than Xbox.
Actually most games are played on PC
I didn't care for it until I found out you can cross console game. Now that the Xbox360 games can be played on it I'm for it and will be getting mine on Friday. There was one Hatsune Miku game coming out that I liked for it but I didn't want to buy a whole console just to play one game. So this makes my decision much more justified.
Go ahead and spill it. The moments in your life where you have just wanted to die from embarressment. One time my skirt fell to my ankles in front of the entire classroom when i was in the 4th grade. It was the worst day of my life and i got tortured for weeks about it. O_o maybe thats why im mental...lol jk....but yeh.... *blushing* it was horrible
Oh you poor thing,Well i had someone actually doing that to me in 5th grade,
Okay this is really embaressing.Cant belive i still remember it.
I was in kindergarten,and it was my first day,I really needed to go potty,i remember the  kindergarten students had toiltes in the classrooms(dw it had doors)
I was so scared to use the toilet i guess i was embaresssed,So i accidentely started to pee in my pants,And the teacher noticed.All u could see is urine going down my pants .
my sister shoved a cupcake down my shirt in public...nuff said.
My friend pulled my pants down and I grabbed a random girls ankle and she fell too. Wasn't a cool day...
Oh dear .
Oh dear .
awwu poor ppl....i dont really hav anythin embaressing except(not really embaressing but it was gross!!).....one time at luch this dude tht had a crush on me pulled down my shirt nd bra in front of ppl...but it was infront friends nd only lik 3 ppl were acctually looking....but tht was so disgusting of him to do tht....ewwwie!!!
Well I was at the beach with a bunch of my friends (all my friends are guys) and I fell asleep on my towl. Well my friends thought it would be funny to untie my bakini top. So when I got up to go swimming it fell off. Now they all have pictures of my boobs on there phones I'm tortured every day now.
wow that sukkx.....

one time i was waiting in line for a ride at Six Flags and i had to pee REALLY bad and i was alomost to the front so i didnt want to leave and i wet my self.....v.v, that sukked!!!!!
how old were you
I pissed on my pants in school once and the girl I liked saw me...
hmmm sucks for you
Indeed. Tell me about it.
i got pantsed during field day at my school like 2o thousand times because emo kid,outside by myself groups of ppl who hate me outside teachers nowhere to be seen,equals and unfun day,i picked a bad day not to wear anything under my shorts,ugh i think half of the girls took picks ugh .
i got pantsed during field day at my school like 2o thousand times because emo kid,outside by myself groups of ppl who hate me outside teachers nowhere to be seen,equals and unfun day,i picked a bad day not to wear anything under my shorts,ugh i think half of the girls took picks ugh .
i feel bad fr him too... that happened to me one time too.... only it was at p.e and EVERY1 saw.... atleaast 2-300 ppl.... (not 2 ppl 200)
then that same day i got shat on by a seagull.....FML!
two months ago it was school photo day...only after I had my photo taken did i relise my trousers where inside out...
lol aw that's bad. My story isn't so embarrassing, it's actually rather ridiculous. When i was like 9, my brother, my best friend and i were walking to school in the middle of the winter. the ground was so slippery we had to watch every step or we'd fall. My friend was being all prissy and flashy because she was wearing makeup and every boy that walked past her would stare. i was pretty jealous of her then. But just as the CUTEST boy walked past her and smiled, she fell flat on her face. My brother, who'd seen it all laughed, then he fell down like an overweight cow. I cracked up at the both of them... and u could just imagine what happened next.  When I looked up, the kid that had smiled at my best friend was so freaked out he was practically running to get away. We all were just lying on the ground laughing our asses off for like ten minutes.
Haha that would suck too bad if that guy really liked one of you HAHA
oh dear gosh i have one!!!!
a few years backk in time.....
it was my little sisters birthday party and she wanted to go to chuckie cheese of all places.. and well we all started playing tag so i was running from the person who was 'it' and it all started by me being a clutsy person.. while i was running away i ran into a little kid, then backed up and sat in some person's pizza, thus leaving a horrible giant red sauce stain on the butt of my pants.. which i had to bear out through the entire rest of my sisters birthday party... after the party my mum decided she needed to go to walmart.. well most of you might think oh no problem you can go home to change your pants now. well no. i asked my mom and she said too bad thats what you get for being an idiot so i got drug around walmart with a huge red stain on my behind. not only that but i saw the kid i currently had a crush on. he was laughing his butt off about the girl with the gaint stain on her behind.. i was so embarrassed i proceeded to cry because i didnt know what else to do .. while waiting in the check out line i stepped backwards into someone, smearing the terrible red sauce stain all over their front... so i turned around to vigorously apologize forgetting about the makeup dried down my face from crying and well who did i run into with my pizza sauce pants? .. none other than my crush...  instead of saying sorry to the person like i had planned i ended up loosing all my words and couldn't talk i just stood there and looked at him like a moron. the only time he ever noticed me i had make up all down my face, i was bright red from embarrassment and i smeared pizza sauce all over him with my butt. looking back it's hilarious, but i was embarrassed out of my mind at the time.
I ran into a pole. two days in a row. Same pole. Ugh.
i always get hit with som sort of projectile in PE
I farted in class and it stunk
Well Im a pretty unlucky person... i dont count as embarresing anymore to step on a poo anymore... there was a week where almost everytime when i was heading to school i had stepped on a nasty poo :/ ... But one of my most embarressing moments is when after p.e. i was taking a shower almost all of the girls of my class came there.... And the worst wasnt that they saw me but i was kinda dancing and singing there   lol .... Another story is when my classmates and i visited a ranch... i was about 8 years old and we were running around when all of a sudden a falled on a cow poo... dang i hate poos... all the way back i was in the back of the bus it was like i had ab aura... no1 sat by me in a radius of 1m ... phhh unlucky me
I walked in on my step sister changing by accident but the door was wide open thank god she was only changing her shirt.
One time when I was really little in elementary school, I was jump-roping and my pants fell down in front of like d entire 5th grade and I was wearing this super-duper embarrassing underwear ..
We were getting yearbook pictures taken at school and my friend April and I were walking down the hall to the auditorium. When we were walking past the security guards (they lurk around our school) I showed them my hall pass and asked if the pictures were being taken in the auditorium (just to confirm). They all tried to pull a prank on us. They said it was on the third floor of the auditorium. (there is no such fucking thing) They told us to go onto the elevator and hit the up button. So April and I were very confused and just in the moment so we did. Well...we went onto the elevator and as I was looking for the stupid button one of the security guards said "No! we were joking!! Why would you listen?"
and I was so fucking red. I said with an innocent smile, "we thought we were going back to the future!" I realize now that it wasn't the MOST embarrassing thing that could happen but it really kinda was.

But actually...I am a little confused still...there is a third floor sort of balcony in the auditorium...oh shoot...that's probably the second floor....anyway...how do you get there?????
DON'T MIND ME AND MY DIS-FUNCTIONALITY

The other day I was in music class and my group was learning how to play the guitar. I was being super weird and this is what I did: I made an extremely weird voice that sounded like a stuck up salesman and I was explaining to my group members about the different parts of the guitar. I was motioning to the different parts of the guitar while looking like I was trying to sell a car.
"Getting to Know your Guitar!"
"This my friend is the headstock..."
"These are the strings..And this is the neck!"
Then I became aware of the fact that the boy I kinda like might be watching so I looked over there and saw he wasn't there. As I was looking back over to my group, I saw him standing next to the teacher's office int he doorway and he was staring at me like I was insane. I blushed like a tomato and then started laughing like I was actually insane. He then got the teacher and pointed to me saying something. I was super embarrassed.

Also...
I dropped the UGLIEST pair of gym shorts that my mom bought at K-Mart in the toilet when I was changing in the girls' locker room. When I exclaimed "OH SHIT!" all the girls wanted to know what happened. That was pretty embarrassing...especially considering the fact  that those shorts are hideous and I have another identical pair that I'm now afraid to wear in gym. 

When I was in Kindergarten, I was painting what was supposed to look like lava coming out of a volcano. I had a straw and some reddish paint. I was supposed to blow it around on the paper and somehow I got a HUGE red stain on the front of my shirt. It looked like I had just smeared it all over. I remember being really shy that day when I went to lunch. I was so afraid that everyone would think it was blood.

When I was in the fifth grade, I was doing cartwheels in the football field at recess and my shirt came up exposing my wonderful girly patterned training sports bra. I think I remember being scared that my crush might've seen it. LOLz
My most recent embarrassing moment was when I realized I'm not straight...thats a little awkward
haha one of mine was when i was like maybe 5 or 6 and i was taking a shower one night ,and every little kid gets curious about things we all know that, well i decided to grab my moms razor. welp im the little kid that was curious and shaved off their eyebrows. but thats not just it according to my mother i shaved my eyebrows some of the hair on my arms and a little off my head near the front. i got out of the shower wrapped up in a towel looked in the mirror and screamed. i ran the the bottom of the stairs and screamed for my mom tears rolling down my face. she opened the door and asked y i screamed and y i was crying and she finally saw i had no eyebrows and she was freaking out. she had to cut me bangs and i had to use eyebrow pencil to draw some eyebrows. its just embarrassing to know but now my family likes to tell it to my boyfriend .
This isn't really embarrassing, its just a fail...

I was 7, and my mom and I were getting out of the car to go watch my brother's baseball game. I was following my mom when she went to get a chair out of the trunk, and she slammed the trunk door down on my head and I had to go to the emergency room! I ended up getting 8 stitches.


Ouch.
and ur saying mine isnt embarrassing, thats just a bad day
my most embarrassing moment is when i was 8 years old. it was picture day and my mom hairsprayed my hair grease style and im a damn girl. so i went to school like that. that is not the end. i came out of the bathroom and i didnt notice that i had toleit paper both hanging out of my underwear and stuck on my shoe. then i went to lunch and my best friend thought it would be funny and shove food down my shirt then smear spagetti on my shirt. so then it is time for pictures. i had grease hair, toleit paper on both underwear and on shoe, food down my shirt and spagetti on my shirt. i still have the picture. my mom hangs it on the damn wall saying it is her treasure. and guess what.. my crush was there and he was laughing at me cuz when i smiled i had stuff stuck in my teeth. noone lived that day down. i still get made fun of it and im in high school now. sigh i hate that day but looking back now i laugh. sigh.
I ran into a 3ft tall blue trashcan...I didn't see it there.
Ok like today me and my friend we're like hanging out at our school and he made me laugh so much that i had to piss so bad but the girls bathroom was like down a really long hallway so he said just go in the boy's bathroom no one with know so i went in and he did too. So after i pissed i came out and washed my hands and i wiped my hands on a random paper towel which he said was most likely used for masturbation   then he looked out and there was a janitor like right there and she came in and started questioning us like why i was in there and i was like frozen with embarrassment so he bailed me out and said i had to pee so bad i ran in here and then she asked what we were doing before hand and we said a German project so she just said she shouldn't find me in there again and she let me off the hook but i mean she thought we were fucking each other in there:blush:  . Most fucking awkward and embarrassing moment ever and now i owe him BIG time. And to top it all off my bus broke down this morning so not really my best day
last yr @ skool I was drinking water from my bottle nd my frend pushed me into the guy i lykd because he thot it'd be funy as hell but just as he pushd me I spit out the water on the boy i had a crush on! nd if tht wasnt bad enough i backd up apologizing nd fel ovr my chair nd my frend was jus laffing @ me nd the techr cam in and thot i had pissd myself cuz the wtr got on my thi pantleg... I was so embaresd he nvr evn lookd @ me 4 weeks...FML
I was at one of my hangouts, this one behind an apartment building, and I useualy like goin swimming in the lake. Well, i uh...skinny dipped, and somone....took...my clothes. I had to run through the complex ass-naked.
I was at one of my hangouts, this one behind an apartment building, and I useualy like goin swimming in the lake. Well, i uh...skinny dipped, and somone....took...my clothes. I had to run through the complex ass-naked.   wow thts so sad.....
I was in music class sitting nxt to my crush ans i really needed to pee but the teacher hates me so she wouldnt let me go to the toilet
And i wet my pants and it started to smell of pee and everyone looked at me and i stood up and my skurt was saoked andnit was gross and embarresing lmao

And also that day i rememberd getting jumped By some guys and my crush was lauging  worst day eva
my 8th grade year i was at skool in the auditorium room helping some ppl move some stuff on the stage, wen we was done, i decided to jump off the stage wen i did and landed i heard a tore, i was like wtf?? i felt the back of my pants and found a tore on my butt. i was so freaked out lol so i pulled my pants up tightin up my pants with belt and hold my shirt down all day long til it was time to go home lol....hope that wont ever happen again lol
Sammy, holy crap!!! That sucks!!!
OK, i has one.
So, I was at my friends house and we were at her grandma's condo since she wasn't there, reaking havoc and watching horror movies all night long. The house was totally freaky, so everyone went everywhere in pairs. Thus is all because my friend said that the house was haunted, and that doors unlocked themselves, yada yada yada. So, I had to go to the bathroom. The toilet was right next to the door (of all freaking places) and I was so freaked out, I didn't feel like locking the door, where my friend was hyped up on caffine and standing in the hallway having to desperately go pee from all the liquid she had drunk. So, as I'm... finishing up my business, she throws open the door and yells at me to get off the can. I slammed the door shut, locked it this time (With my pants and underwear down) and yelled at my friend while laughing at my embarrsement at the same time.
that would of sucked

well i was in my agg class and i had the job of pushing the cattle thro the crush my ex told me  that i was doing it wrong so he jumped into help but instead of helping me i got kicked and went flying into him it was so disgusting coz we got urinated on by my cow
I was in gym in 3rd grade, indeed to go to the bathroom really bad, so I ran into the girls by accident. So then I had to go to the other end of the hallway to get to the boys, but then I couldn't unbutton my pants.I went back to have the teacher help unbutton my pants, the I finally got to the stall. Seconds before I get to it I pee in my pants. I cried so long bcause I thought I was going to get in trouble.
Most of all of my life events have been embarressing ////
I have so many embarassing moments, haha. Like when I trusted my friend to cut my hair, when my friend shaved off my left eyebrow (but luckily I had a side fringe), when I got really drunk and puked on my friend's bedroom floor and passed out 10 minutes later, when I was sleepwalking on a residential school trip etc. Not good, haha. (:
I tripped on the tread mill and it ripped my shorts off .___.
this happens all the time... when i'm talking and realize my friends aren't listening, but everyone else is staring
my embarrasing moment was in the 4th grade when one of my classmates told my crush I liked him..... GOD I HATE MOMENTS LIKE THESE!!!! (
So I was chilling with my friends like nothing, right? And everyone starts laughing like crazy.

Not only was I the only girl, but I had no freaking idea what was going on (at the time)

I turn around...





And my friend was right thyere, and sprayed my hair and face with silly string-In front of everyone!!!!!!!!

My face was redder then the silly string 


Rawrgh that was a bad memory.....
We were on d way home from victoria...grandpas place n we stoppd halfway to meet up wiv parents....we were at a park n it was hot n of cors I was wearin a jumper....i decided to take it off n my tee came off wiv it. Der was two guys...total strangers staring at mee d whole time...they saw mee in my bra....pfft 

Der was another time at a friends bday party...i didnt kno most of d ppl der....der was dis gal n guy playin pool table n she moved her stick thing n it went up my skirt n lifted my skirt up...d guy saw n started laughing...it was weird
was really drunk and went to school after walking up the stairs i puke all over my teachers shoes and she smellt like rum for the rest of the day so embarasing
every single fucking god damn day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When have I not done something like that? xD
lets see mines kinda funny

so i started to  wear glasses, when i was in six grade
so like you know you don't want people to see you in the glasses in public so whenever i was out i took it off,
any way one day my mom and my older sister and i were going out , so i was all dressed up, so i decided that my glasses was gonna spoil my out fit, so i left it at home, so i'm there walking in my new boots and stuff and all of a sudden, Bam!   i walked straight in a light post, and to top things of my realized that i couldn't see and held my hands for the entire day

huh,so embarrassing
I've done loads of embarrassing things. One of them was when I was dared to go and kiss the head teacher on the lips. Didn't go well. And when I laughed cause an old women fell over on the train. So many people giving me the death glare.
half my life is me being embarrassed...so easily -
OH BOY, IF I TOLD YOU GUYS ABOUT THE MOVIE ROLES I'VE TAKEN IN MY CAREER
i have alot one that pops out right now happend like last year my sister was asking a very cute guy out for me and i got up to throw my plate away because i was at church and we was eating my leg got caught in the chair and i fell my plate and chair flew into the table and the guy looked at me and i tried to shake it off by laughing my face was beat red and alot of people was laughing  smoooooth right
I don't really get embarrassed easily...I kinda just don't care but one time when I was younger (maybe 10?) I went to my cousins birthday party and she didn't tell me it would be a pool party...So here I am without a swim suit at her party and lucky me (sarcasm) I'm like a tiny little shrimp and could barely fit the clothes I had then but I really wanted to swim so I borrowed one of my cousins new bikinis, tied it really tight and pulled on some swim shorts over it just in case. Well when I dove into the pool and came back up let's just say the suit was swimming beside me. I got teased about that for at least a month by her brothers and their friends. -.- To this day I've never went swimming at her house ever again.
every single fucking god damn day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


yep same here
I was not under any influence whatsoever... 
I went to the mall with a friend, who was also not under the influence. I fell down the escalator, and I made like 3 people fall down.
So I calmy try to regain my posture, and I try to apologize, annnnd i puked all over them.
My friend grabbed me and we ran like hell. O.o
Good times, I dont remember all that happened that day, but to my knowledge, that was the worst.
					
					

i was getting a hacky sack my friends kicked on the roof of our school and when i was getting down i sat in a small puddle and my butt was wet...then i turned around to climb down the side and everyone saw my wet bum-bum
I fell down the stairs my freshman homecoming in front of everyone.
When I was in the 7th grade, my whole class was playing hide and seek, so i was hiding under my teachers desk and it had a space from underneath, so u could only see my legs, so the guy who had to "search" for us, only saw my legs, and thought I was his best friend because we were all wearing our sports uniforms, and he pinched my ass, and when I came out of the desk that moment and i was like  and i look at my ex, and he couldn't control laughing, and I went super red, and half of the class was laughing and the guy was apologizing, and I wanted to die of embarrassment, I ran into the other classroom cuz i was too embarrassed :$ It was SOO EMBARRASSING!!!! Now I laugh a lil thinking of it, but it's still embarrassing :$
When you walk out into public with your fly open and not realizing it until everyone's stared at it. Oh well
i hate talking in front of people so in like 6th grade i started talking, went silent and started back at everyone for a few minutes, then sat down. cx
I'll say 2 embarrassing moments lol
 1. Turning around really quickly walking into the door. 2. My shorts fell down in front of a gay guy.
What Stardust_Genius said above... I've done that a few times. Either that or suddenly realizing it's open and zipping it while people are around and looking about to see if anyone is watching.
I lost a bet with two of my friends and they got to dress me as a girl, makeup and everything. ..and I had to go out in public..although surprisingly no one knew and I got hit on by two guys O.o
I lost a bet with two of my friends and they got to dress me as a girl, makeup and everything. ..and I had to go out in public..although surprisingly no one knew and I got hit on by two guys O.o


If I thought that would work that way for me I'd try it lol
If I just remember those moments, I'll blow up on thoughts.
Being really hungover while on a field trip with my old theater troupe and walking into a glass door. I dropped my Pepsi and it pretty much exploded on me and the glass. There were a few dozen people that saw it. Thankfully I've never seen them again so it's not that big of a deal but at the time, I was pretty much blood red, lol.
What is your favorite candy?
I like kit kat and... TWIX! i love twix XD
I like skittles!! XP
Red skittles are the best
ohh my goshh..skittles r the shizzz!!!
Hmm true...but twix are the jizz! XD
I have to agree on the twix....
i dont really eat much sweets but i love warheads,they are the best sour candy
Kinder Bueno bars. The most unbelievable chocolate you would ever taste. Better than a ferrero rocher.
Kinder Bueno bars. The most unbelievable chocolate you would ever taste. Better than a ferrero rocher. hmm never heard of that. But ferrero rocher is good chocolate, really good chocolate.
Warheads, and... Sour Skittles
MnM's Have to be the peanut MnM's thou
Those are exactly the same as reeses pieces. But they don't overload on the peanut butter as much as the reeses pieces.
Favorite candy would be...
Hersheys cookies n cream
reeses pnb cup
and this thing where I put 5 warheads in my mouth and a whole pack of skittles. Mmm the sourness. :x
nerds and sour patch kids! dere da best!!! expecially da red&greem; sour patch kids
resses pieces is my favorite candy By Me .
OMFG!!! i was gonna say that!!!
SweeTarts and Sour Patch Kids
anyting chocolate!
Amen
noo anything sweet and sour!
Amen!!
snickers
Sour candy and snickers
Snickers are good.
Snickers are good.Agreed
butter finger's or pop rocks
Milk Chocolate with Caramel.... sweet sweet caramel 
any sour candy. sour candy is where its at! oooooooooo and butter fingers!!!!!!!!
skittles and gummy bears && choco makes me loco XD
I LOVE chocolate ! im a real chocoholic
lol me too XD
ahaha awesome we have that in common
Anything chocolate, snickers, & sour candy XD!! Espicially that sour candy spray stuff, I drink it xD.
Snickers and Picnic!!!! XDDD
3 musketeers, gummi bears, and sour patch kids!
i'd have to say that anything chocolate(but nothing dark chocolate,yuck!), sweet or sour are my favourites types.
atm, i'm completely all about Jolley Ranchers for some strange reason. oh, and Irresistibles chocolate bars too...
chocolate. sour candy. that stuff xDD
Snakes .
MilkyWays and Gummy Bears :3
					
					

Gummy Bears, Gummy worms, Gummy dinosaurs ^^ and Sour patch kids!! XD


skittles
ok i don't get this much of it coz its from a different country but i love it but its french choclate and the choclate thats pure choclate no chemicals or what u guys call choclate pure choclate from willies choclate factory (look up his web page) all his choclate is pure choclate no supermarket stuff the real deal
nerds and sour patch kids! dere da best!!! expecially da red&greem sour patch kids SOUR PATCH KIDS ARE LYKK MY DRUGG XD I LOVE TEH RED N GREEN ONESSSoopsie... i got excited .
Toblerone 
yesh tolerone. or skittles
oh,yeah  i forgot about Skittles. i love those too :3
i love regular skittles and sour patch kids
If custard counts as a sweet then CUSTARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But other wise it would have to be Cherry Ripe =3
i love it all, candy is candy, but i dont like
peanut butter cups
nutter butters
or any shitty candy
(sour candy is da best)
hmmm i cant list them all xP i love twizzlers!! and m&ms not the pretzle ones .
bournville
Milk bottles, chicos n snickers
swedish fish .

.__.
those big huge jaw-breakers!!!!!!!!! xDD
Ya Gotta Love Gummy Bears!!! 
My fav is Swedish fish. they r amazing!!!!!!!!
Cuz i love gummy bears!!! 
Skittles are such yummy 
Reese's.

And Heath bars. They are my OBSESSION
I love love love love love love love SKITTLES.
My best friend KNOWS to buy me some each time she comes over.
I have a 41 ounce bag in my cabinet 
and I yell at anyone who eats the yellow ones o.o
Skittles are such yummy 
M&M's
					
					

I can't decide which candy is my fave so I'm just gonna put gummy bears and skittles
SKITTLES
skittles and nerds from wonka
Skittles and boost bars xD
anything that has chocolate
except the ones that have peanuts , i don't like peanuts
Skittles, gummybears. 


'Nuff said
okay, it's a tie between kitkat, coffee crisp, and toblerone
jawbreakers and.... starburst ^u^
i love kit kats and gummy worms
*3* Twix, Skittles, Red Vines, Mike & Ike (or well Mike, & Ike), Gummy Bear/Worms, sour watermelons, & lollipops:P
Skittles and boost bars xD
Boost bars ?
They chocolate wiv carmel n cookies inside
They chocolate wiv carmel n cookies inside
O sounds really good
Haha yea it is very yummy lolz
sour patch watermelons...m sorry
fundip and dum dum pops
mine would be any sour candy that can make me make a face...sadly none has...ive tried everything...the closest was 4 warheads 8 skittles a couple sour patch kids and a cry baby...so far that combo is my only favorite candy...cant decide between one
I really want some candy right now :c
me to
as do i
Kitkatgummy worms. Gummy. Bearschocolate I love love love themooo and. Lollipops.
Kitkat
gummy worms. Gummy. Bears
chocolate I love love love them
ooo and. Lollipops. 
eeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww...chocolaaaaaaaaaaaaaate
eeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww...chocolaaaaaaaaaaaaaate hehehe o too bad chocolate. Is this girls. Best friend xD
hehehe o too bad chocolate. Is this girls. Best friend xD
how is that bad?
Its not -3- memo all candy is my friend. XD
eeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww...chocolaaaaaaaaaaaaaate 
well your an odd one aren't u. .... yeah I really shouldn't be talking
all except licorice, butterscotch, and things containing nuts
any extremely sour candy!!!!!.
any chocolate that isn't palmers and pocky c:
you spelled you're wrong...so...haa!
Yeah I'm aware of my sucky spelling
this girl named candy
well mine its either twix or skittles
Jolly ranches
Twix and Reese's cups :3
Twix
jelly beans and gummy bears
Love: m&ms, sour skittles, starburst, airheads, warheads, and kitkat bars.
Hate: those nasty valentine hearts things with words on them, chick-o sticks, reeses and reeses pieces, jelly beans, twizzlers, almond joy, take 5, and caramel/ taffy based candies.
Gummy bears. c:
SNICKERS
Twix and chocolate covered raisins
Spicy Mexican candy is the shit.
Hi my name is Victoria and I make youtube videos I do this to entertain yous and I would really like it if you check out my channel like sub and share if you want I just posted a new vid last night I will also take requests for vids and do challenges heres the link to my channel:
Question: do you like pickles or the Metalica album from after the drummer died, the on with Unforgiven too and sad but true?
The point, they're great things that inky came about through a mortifyingly painful process. Older Metalica was good, but they found absolute greatness after the catastrophe, you're just like, them at the point of coming to terms with what happened and what makes this world so cold abd ugly, but you've always has a greatness inside you that shines through at times that your eyes can't hide.
Without the terrible things that life does, a lot of the beauty and things that make being here worth while wouldn't be around.
Well, I can't say I'm a fan of the music - but I do like small cucumbers preserved in vinegar.
Same. Dills preferably I don't know why..I think I like the sweet and tangy aspect of it.
I wanna give him a hug :3
i would ask how he gets his suites so...sssssssooooooo...stiff
me too I would give him a hug as well.. x))))
i would ask him if his face feels weird and also compare my height to his
i would look up to him say that he was not that scary or tall and give him a cookie and continue to talk to him about random stuff like does he realy live in an alternate universe or something
I guess I would..
hahahahha i wanna draw him a face!XD
HELL YEA, so i could brad about it bro.
I would ask him why he only kidnaps and rapes little kids...is he a pedo, does it sustain his life...and why does he need stretchy arms if he has tentacles and hypnotic powers, seems pretty pointless...oh also why does he attemp to look human if he's not gonna try and infiltrate society...what a sad little dummy
ahh not really
he's hot though ;3 especially when u make him an anime mature type form drawing O3o
hahahaha nice one x)))
i'd ask him to not kill me and if he doesn't ill make him my new best friend and help him with his creeper stalking in the woods ^^b
I would ask him to stay and have some tea with me
Yea hehe
Sure would.
Haha..no im fine...um he is creepy o.o
id either shoot him if he was bad, or id be friends with him
I would ask him to teach me his ways
Lol wtf lizzie xD
I wouldn't mind hanging with slendy for a little bit, if he didn't kill me first that is but I wouldn't mind getting to know slendy. Be pretty cool to say I've met slendy before or be able to say oh ya slendy? ya he's a good friend of mine.
Id piss myself.
Im so easily startled.
yes i would. we would drink
Why not? I would even be his friend! XD
Yes  i would and i would have lunch with him
If I was in the Forrest and I know slender man is out there Hunting me down, what i would do is setup camp and wait on him to show up, when he finally does, I'll ask him to join me to eat some food and drink some coronia lol
im a nerd get the fuge over it any way watcha like on skyrim ppl
I want a remaster version done for the xbox
yea
I used to be an adventurer to then I took an arrow to the knee
me too lol its fuckin awesome!!! 
Love skyrim, I can play the game for hours. Lol
Does anyone know/watch Markiplier? I love him and watch him every single night!
we already have a list like that in the threads.... even a newbie would know that it must have been considered by 20 other people. Go find it.
Ok so maybe I didn't look, dont ruin it for me, I started another one, so what? Does it give you that much pleasure?
aaaay Ur Mums Vagina is my favourite band. There was this other band called My Dick toured with them for quite a while.
No CT brother, There's no pleasure in being the designated clueless people handler but someone has to do it in good taste other wise you'll just get troll fodders that just insult you for the hell of it.
Hello does anyone have any good anime they could recommend? I like fantasy, supernatural, gore, drama...stuff like that. Thanks.
lol thanks I'll make sure to check it out
Shakugan no shana, Higurashi no naku koro ni, Toaru majutsu no index or Elfen Lied.
Have you watched Bleach or Space Dandy
black butler
I havent seen Bleach or Space Dandy. But I love Black Butler. I wonder if season 3 is out.
There is a website for Anime go to crunchyroll.com i herd there selections of Anime are huge i think its free and paid
does it matter what you watch?...anime is anime...you lookin fo anime, you find anime. you finish anime, you dunno what anime to watch next so you choose anime. after you done with anime you say "good-bye anime", and venture off on a quest to watch new anime. pretty soon you'll be watching anime.
anime=life-(everything not anime+animelife)=hentai
Hey everyone! I haven't been on here in a while, because of technical difficulties, but I am happy to say that they have been (mostly)resolved! I recently started creating my own music, and I would appreciate it if you guys would give it a listen!
i like both movies. the fact that my parents hate it makes me like them even more!
Edward Scissorhands is a cute film, but I always seem to walk in on Sweeney Todd at a disgusting part. ;/
I love both movies
OF COURSE!!! WHO WOULDNT??!!??
OF COURSE!!! WHO WOULDNT??!!??    what chelza said xD

Edward Scissorhands is epic -__- sweeney todd is good but the musical singing part just threw me off
I like the song Scissorhands by Motionless in White
who doesnt love this movie?
i rather sweenty todd than edward scissorhands thou xD
I loooove edward scissor hands. Johnny Depp is so megaly cool. 
Edward Scissorhands ;3
bof?
awesome movie 
I love both of these movies. 
They are so amazing c:
I Love Edward Scissorhands
I love them both.though I prefer Sweeny
Edwardo Scissor hands is a great film, my hair dresser actually suggested the movie to me haha... oh the irony
I never seen thou movies. So I don't know if I would like them
I never seen thou movies. So I don't know if I would like them
then there wasn't much point in posting was there? o.o
then there wasn't much point in posting was there? o.o
guess not .. o well
I've only heard of them because people say I remind them of those charaters
I love Edward scissorhands.. but then tbh, I love any movie with johnny depp in :3 haven't watched Sweeney tod ;o
I love sweeney todd XD
Edward Scissorhands is cool
i like edward scissor hands alot, sadly never seen sweeney todd cx
I know i do
~Where aaaaareee yoou Johaaaannaaa?~ I never guessed the witch would actually be the mother.
I like them both but I prefffer Edward Scissorhands just because Ive ben watching it since I was little.
I have heard of and watched "Edward Scissor Hands." Though I quite enjoyed it, I was slightly saddened by how Edward didn't get with the gal in the end.  I don't believe I have heard of "Sweeney Todd," What is it about, exactly? (someone may have already explained this in above comments, but I didn't look through them really)
Edward Meatgrinderhands for sure
I have heard of and watched "Edward Scissor Hands." Though I quite enjoyed it, I was slightly saddened by how Edward didn't get with the gal in the end.  I don't believe I have heard of "Sweeney Todd," What is it about, exactly? (someone may have already explained this in above comments, but I didn't look through them really)

*GAAAAASPPP*~ How haven't you seen it?  jk, it's a musical/horror kind of movie (my memory is kind of muddled so sorry if I get some parts out or wrong) where it starts off with Sweeny Todd (Played by Johnny Depp) as he arrives on a boat with his friend or something to a place where he used to live with his beautiful wife and little baby daughter until this ugly as f guy stole that life away from him. I think he's coming back for revenge and I really don't want to say any spoilers so there:) This movie has romance, an obnoxious amount of singing and a weird but interesting storyline of drama, action, mystery and romance. Mind you, I haven't watched this movie in like 5 years so I might be wrong so anyone feel free to correct me.
Yes yes i have

love this band !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They were gods while high.
coolies!
-gasp- favorite band
wow, thats bravery
Dafaq did i just read
I've just resently started to watch Another and so far I like it.
Knights of Sidonia. Its not that bad. It reminds me of Star Fox a little bit.
Knights of Sidonia? never heard of that one
I've been told to watch 'Diabolik Lovers' and have just watched ep 1:) It's confusing asf...
Knights of Sidonia? never heard of that oneMe neither until a few days ago. I just happened to be scrolling around on netflix that day



I am watching Aladdin atm
naruto
I'm rewatching my Gantz dvds. It's a gorish, horror anime about people being placed in impossible situations. (This is of course before SAWS live action interpretation before you ask.)
That sounds really cool.
Black butler: book of circus
hello Im seriously out of books to read. All I can do is re-read the ones I own. Can anyone please recommend some books? I read almost anything really. But I love historical ficion, fantasy and supernatural themes. Thank you!
Thanks
Hmm Angry Beavers, Aaahh!!! Real monsters, Rocko's Modern Life, Rocket Power, Hey Arnold!, Catdog, Rugrats.
Bey blade
Digimon
Bakugan
Inuyasha
Pokemon
Happy tree friends
Pokemon, avatar the last airbender, ed edd and eddy, catdog mehhh . 
Pokemon, Digimon, Power Rangers, Scooby Doo, Bug's Bunny, Pinky and the Brain, Sabrina the Teenage Witch, Kim Possible, Magic School Bus, Art Attack, Dragon Tales, Blue's Clues, Power Puff Girls.
Ah! Real Monsters
Rugrats
Pokemon
Yu-gi-oh! (Still watch it.)
Hey Arnold
Ren and Stimpy
Rocko's Modern Life
Courage the Cowardly Dog
Ed, Edd, n Eddy
Cow and Chicken
Angry Beavers
Daria
All That
The Weekenders
Too many to name. I watched tv constantly growing up.
Edit: CATDOG  And Invader Zim!
					
					

yugioh power rangers transformers some batman cartoons and when I could get away with it power puff girls(my parent tried to make me stop watching it because I'd become a "fag")
Rocket Power, Rugrats, Ren and Stimpy, Courage the Cowardly dog, Cow and Chicken, Pokemon, Power Puff Girls, Samurai Jack, Teen Titans, Hey Arnold, Invader Zim, Pinky and the Brain, Sabrina the teenage witch, Full House, George Lopez, Brandy and Mr.Whiskers, Proud Family, and Suit life of Zack and Cody.
rescue rangers, duck tales, tom n jerry,
Spongebob square pants, Jimmy neutron, ed edd and eddy, powerpuff girls, tom n jerry.
Spongebob square pants, Jimmy neutron, ed edd and eddy, powerpuff girls, tom n jerry.
Mines is marcilene the vampire quen 
MEEEE TOOOO!! Marceline...idk how to spell it...
the cool vamp chick wiv d axe bass guitar
I like Marcy and LSP. 


i can do a great LSP voice xD
marcilene the vampire quen
marcy!!!!!!!!!!! i wont her guiter .
i like gary

im officially a fan of Marshall-lee 
sexy vampire king!
i had to dress up as him for a birthday party xD
Marcilene and Peppermint Butler. ;'D
bemo and pepermint butler
bemo and marcy^^
poor finn and jake :/
i had to dress up as him for a birthday party xDreallyz
Marceline...the vamp chick with the axe bass guitar xD
yes really it was so much fun
awww sooo kool
it has to be LSP an Marceline.
Marceline 
mine is definitely Princess Bubblegum ^^ i can relate cuz im a nerd
I LOVE marcaline!!! I love her axe bass guitar and I liked the episode where she sang "bury u in the ground"
					
					

!!
					
					

pepermint butler pre cool too
ummm It would have to be Finn, Jake, LSP. & marcaline!!! I love how lsp talks!!!!!
the vampire chick
LSP and Jake 
IDK I don't really watch Adventure Time
lolz same here Amii but somehow I still know all the characters o.o
LSP pre coolies xD
pepermint butler is a cutie xD
Gunter too xD
					
					

Marceline and Flame Princess
(Don't forget about Finn and Jake lol )
ohhh well i like Jake if its just out of Finn n Jake xD
Marcy and Finn xD
Peppermint Butler and Marshall Lee.
I dont care much for adventure time. I do however, love the regular show.
I like lady ranicorn and tv (1 of their rainbowpups) and tree trunks and Mr. Pig.
I couldnt get into adventure time, but I did get into regular show. :3
Bmo ^-^
Jake the dog ^^ I lover the regular show omg!
Marceline, BMO and Flame Princess
mine is L
L!!!!!!!!!! 
L!!!!!
n Ryuk...
bitches, L ish mine!!!

Light is cool too, so is Ryuk and Misa.
i like Light too
Light ^^
L, Ryuk or Kira cant chose betwen them .
haha
I like L :3
L and Mello 
Has anyone read L Change the World?
L and Light. And Misa!
Hahaha I love them all... Just love all of Death Note.... but L is better 
well I can't say i like the show but back to the topic my would have to be Ryuk
Matt the Gamer!    Oh my gawd I love him, such a shame he died :'(  But I also like Mikami
L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



I DREW HIM
guess
wow i feel so honored!XD
Ryuk and Light. such a badass team.
I like both L and Light but mostly L
L and Mello.
Near would be third. :3
L omg all the way 
Eh, hard decision between L and Light. xP haha
Does anyone else love this?
wtf?
Yes. One of my favourite Animes.
I love it, I'm cosplaying Beast next weekend
i fuckin love it soooooo much...its one of the best ghoth animes out there
Omg I love it I have watched the entire series twice and Sebastian is so hot Grell has really good taste
OMFG!!!! I fell in love with that anime. my mom had to ban me from it. but i still watch it. they should make more episodes.
It's a really great anime imo. Clever story.
no...i was expecting something awesome...and all i got was...something not awesome
One of the best amines ever (IMO)
amine lol
I LOVE it!!!! Guess who im going to cosplay as for this year's con!? AAHHHHH CANT WAIT OMFG
Sebastian michealis  all mine
I love this anime so much I really wanna cosplay as Hannah.
that was pretty cute
mfw vagina cakes
It was amusing and I was suprised it was actually an ad
My name would be Creashion and my power would be that I could do what ever I want...literally
My name would be Ddraig Goch. My power would be to have dragon powers
My name would be Luc'el and I'd be Supermans half sister who secretly survived and my special power would be flight
I would be Sassman, because im overflowing with sass.
my power would be to turn water INTO FUNK

^see... I told you I have sass
I would be Sassman, because im overflowing with sass.
my power would be to turn water INTO FUNK

^see... I told you I have sass
LMAO!!!! XD DAMMM baby got back, front and side to side XD :o jk jk


I would be Skarlet off of Mortal Kombat
ma name wud be BekoBoy aka toto and ma special power would be to find ghost/satan/white lady/ and to make'em stupid janitor.


The name's Bond, James Bond, and I'm a super-spy. I can do almost anything with the right technology. I save the entire world from destruction every now and then. I'd like that shaken, not stirred.
My name would be AeroMel. And my power would be Instant Teleportation.
My name would be Ecco and my super power would be to control and use sound in every and all of it's forms.
Eh. . I wont wouldn't be a superhero (that doesn't mean ima be a villain) I wouldn't even have a name, but my powers would be having ghost powers like danny phantom.
Name: ALFONSO
Job: Tortoise psychologist
Powers: SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION
MEHENMENMENMEN
what no one for captain flatus?? I wish they had done that on whos line
my name would be Ichigo Kurosaki and my superpower would be turning into a soul reaper
i would be Phoenix cause im a pyromaniac, my power would be to roast marsh mellows. and burn things down :3
I would have the same name as my username and I would have Time Control, Wolf-Shift, Self-Regen and Immortality
My name would be Zella & I would want to be like The Flash :}
My name would be Ameros and my power would be shape-shifting:)
... okay.
I was bored lol
I like them , they're cool
not gonna lie, was expecting a frying pan with eggs
8======D. Alien face with eyes
What is your favorite anime movie? Post below.
This should be in entertainment
It's in the Entertainment section now. 
I'd say Death Note, Elfen Lied and Pandora Hearts.
Kuroshitsuji aka Black Butler xD or SAO aka Sword Art Online
all of them
Code Geass only since both seasons were good.
Naruto, Naruto shippuden, Dbz, Soul Eater, Devil May Cry.
Space Dandy
thats hard lol, umm black butler, soul eater, idk.. i guess attack on titan for now, or sword art online
It took me forever to even start liking Anime. Now I like Fullmetal Alchemist, Fairy Tail and Highschool of the Dead
I have a few favorite anime's but I'd have to say Monster is my favorite anime.
What is your favorite anime movie? Post below.
MOVIE.
Anime movie, people.
For movies I'd say either Howl's Moving Castle or Vampire Hunter D-Bloodlust. :3
The Future Diary
Wright brothers vs Mario brothers and
Master chief vs leonidus
The best one theyve done has to be Albert Einstein v.s. Stephen Hawking. 
I also like:
Skrillex vs Mozart
Santa vs Moses
Batman vs Sherlock Holmes
Al Capone vs Blackbeard
					
					

Wright brothers vs Mario brothers and Master chief vs leonidus


ERBOH is stupid
Celopatra vs. Marilyn Monroe 

I love these videos c:
they should mkae one with peewee and barney
Anyone see the new ones?
I liked:
Goku v.s. Superman
Walter White (from Breaking Bad) v.s. Rick Grimes (The Walking Dead)
					
					

Excellent Thread...maybe a little off topic...i am building a webpage strictly for the purpose of exposing nameless talent...can someone evoke a hot contemporary artist that no one has yet heard of
Well i have a queston anyone on here going to be at shorline amphitheater june 21st? If any of you are going to be there then let me know maybe you can come say hey to me because ill be working down at the My Life Vs Your Vacation Booth maybe you can come down there and buy a couple things to help support the booth so please let me know talk to me on chatango if you are my chatango name is Skitzybree
He has never made a bad movie. Like, ever.
dont forget Dark shadows haha
His movies are amazing
he is my fav director
One of my all time favorite movie directors in history
Is my favorite tv show :3 
I'm only on season 3 episode 4. So no spoilers please. 
But I want to see how many other people on this site is in love with the show and the winchester boys xD
I'm on season four on my way to five. I tots adore them boys and Castiel. I can't wait to finish my homework so i can go back to binging on them ;-;
I'm on season 6 and i started last month it's pretty sick stuff, but I like
Started watching it a month ago and I'm still on season 1

this is probably the most disturbing thing i'v seen in my life
:x...bahahahhahahahhahahahahXD
Umm o_0
i herd the meaning of it is how kids are being manipulated into "thinking creativly"
What the fuck?
Creativity has gone too far at 2:20 I said "WHAT THE HECK"
im with you on that ha now its lets not think creatively
Creativity has gone too far at 2:20 I said "WHAT THE HECK"
My friends made me watch this in CHURCH. The same day we were doing a puppet show for little kids.LOL.


                     LETS NEVER BE CREATIVE AGAIN.!!!.!!!
What the hell did I just watch O_O
LOL XD 
That heart went in a hole. 
it got eaten.
My bf told me to watch this...just no...no
They were totally on acid
wow just wow
Shrooms. I blame 'shrooms.
WTF okay that was just creepy and weird and I never wanna watch it again!!!!!
????????????????
I remember this! Iv'e already gone through my "what the f*^% is this?!!" stage so I can't go through it again. Fortunately though I CAN say that if watched multiple times you will find yourself diving into a massive whirlpool of mind fuckery ._.
Don't really care. Seen much worse stuff.
i love it though xD is better than the second one
. . . . . . .
I find Ownage Pranks hilarious. But that's just me. Maybe you'll think so to. 
Some of these are funnier than others but meh. 
Hope you guys enjoy it XD.
					
					

Hahahaha wow that made me feel a little  better
i lik his epic asian style.bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbuuuuuuuuuuuwasack nudoooooooo
well those were.... interesting
long time fan of his cx
Good to see more fellow fans c:
Made this topic for any creepypasta fans, talk about new or legendary creepypasta its all up to you! Have fun...
JEFF THE KILLER OMG 
Lol fangirl much. He is pretty cool pasta i'll give him that much.
I LOVE JEFF THE KILLER!
Lol like i said he's pretty cool, i'd definatly hang with him but i don't think he's my favorite killer.
Jeff the Killer
Creepypasta are definatly awesome, although their stories get gruesome, their pretty cool, for certain people they'll give a good scare and after so many you do look over your shouldar alittle more, but for some like me it doesn't faze you, and is just a good read. But their definatly something to check out.
BEN DROWNED IS MY SECOND FAVORITE!
Ok which one would u choose in between Ben and Jeff  I choose Jeff
I must run and read these stories!
Hm..thats a tough question I honestly don't think i can choose between the two I like them both! :3
Im partial to game theories like lavender town syndrome or lost episode stories like squid wards suicide and lost ed edd and eddy
Lavender town syndrome
Ben drowned rules! It even has evidence (or it may be hacker lol)
i like the one about the house in the woods that the guy sleeps in and he thinks there's a bunch of pictures of people's faces looking at him, and then he wakes up the next day and there's only a bunch of windows cx
So why did the chicken cross the road? Was it to get to the other side? Or something else.... you choose
Because there was a hawt Emo chicken on the other side?
Because he wanted to warn everyone that: THE SKY IS FALLING!! XD haha Chicken Little
"The chicken did not cross the road. The road passed beneath the chicken." -Einstein
What made it so the chicken in question never made it?
for a chicken burger
Wanted some Taco Bell
Because he didnt want me to eat him
Because he wanted to. Let a chicken have a break. Bitches be asking why he does shit. He doesn't have a motive man.
to see how many people would question his motives :3


Or even better, don't get a valentine
Or don't give a fuck.
Fuck dhat XD save ya cheddar live better , rofl x)
Or even better, don't get a valentine


agreed

Nyan cat? Lol
yup...lol. Its a poptart cat who farts rainbows and repeats nyan lol (nyan means meow in Japanese lol)
Hahaha I've seen that. It's really cute lol
i watched that for 10 hours
y?
i watched that for 10 hourslol really? Your obsessed with it just as much as me ROFL!!
Fuck nyan cat. Mexican nyan cat FTW!!!
Mexican nyan Cat sucks!!
i agree!!! go nyan cat!!
Original nyan cat FTW!!!!!!!!!!
Lol then how about this?
HAHAHAHA!!! THAT IS EPIC!!!
try watching that thing for 10 hours you start to go crazy
I was tortured with Nyan cat once.... I now am able to say NYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYAN perfectly.
Nyan cat to the RESCUE!! lol
THAT IS THE CUTEST FARTING RAINBOW CAT EVER! O-O MUST STARE.. if it farts rainbows from the rear end, what does it do on the other end x_X? AHH EW DONT TELL ME.
When I first heard the 'Nyan Cat' song.. I got addicted to it..Even though it is horribly annoying..lol
Yeah same here! Its not like you can forget the words to the song hahaha  But yeah still gets annoying after a while

That's scary o.o

that is awesome!

Nyan cat rocks! xD
nyan cat is freaking uhmazing
Oh Miku, what have you done. Well..technically it's just your voice tacked onto an idea that quickly spread like an uncontrollable zombie virus. Rainbow on Nyan cat. Rainbow on.
lol wow
feels awesome playing all of them at the same time...except for the mexican one...leave that one out
Nyan Cat is so old, I wonder what the next big thing will be...
Nyan Cat is so old, I wonder what the next big thing will be...
Nayn Dog!XD
We did this song in marching band last year o-o
Oh god Nyan Cat XD
im in love with that kitty 


Meowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeowmeow---bark! O.o??
mhm
Lol XD It reminds me of my ex girlfriend who pretended to commit suicide just to hurt me. Talking to her a lot I knew it was possible. She organised a whole drama when I couldn't go and help her or even check it myself (was too far). She called and told me she ate some medicines, crying she described how it will damage her body untill the end. She said it's my fault etc. I called her mother and found it out thet she was lying. But still she was pretending she's in the hospital etc. It seems strange but it was very realistic action and painful for me. In fact she did it on purpose to make me cry. I was still in love with her at the time. And I know I shouldn't write about it here (it's different kind of situation). But i need to get it off my chest. Btw. i've heard from my friend that recently she really tried to commit suicide. But I'm sceptic after her first "attempt".


For me this story is not only sad.. It's simply disgusting :/ How anyone could try to take advantage of their child's death (did I get it right?) ? And show such a disrespect for this tragedy...
hahahhahah what the h?...these people are so dumb hahahhahha
...dont trust teens wit da power of social networking
I agree with the Pewdiepie thing, that guy is an imbecile. His fan base, or should I say ex fan base make me want to gauge my eyes out and leave the internet forever. Literally.


yes
I just kinda want to see who else likes felix(pewdiepie) besides me ^-^ because, i feel like the only one on EP that actually likes to watch him.. he makes me laugh c: and im in love with maya(his pug) c: she's sooooo cuuuute!
Not a fan. He overreacts so much it's evident it's just for viewers/attention. Don't like that kinda person. Plus... I haven't actually laughed at him once, lol.
oh lol, i do see where you are coming from. But i like him for mostly the way he reacts in some situations during gaming lol
I watched some of his videos. As Cia said he overreacts so much.
Nope I haven't.
I agree with cia
hehex3 i watch himxD...it's entertainingx3...somehow...he's so awesome
I do, im a huge fan of pewdiepie! i've been keeping up with his vids ever since his first vid on that channel. :3
THIS MAY BE USEFUL TO SOME PEOPLE
Im attracted to the guy in the vid.
Who's your favorite actor?
Nicholas Cage is the hottest actor.
Ever.
Johnny depp
Orlando. Bloom
Bruce willus
Garrett Hedlund. he's sooo hot :3 lol
					
					

Shia LaBeouf 
Channing Tatum
Joeseph Gordon-Levitt (JGL)
Cillian Murphy...nice glasses
no one knows him i don't think, but his name is Hamao Kyousuke 
1. Rowan Adkinson - C'mon Mr Bean is the definition of great comedie and awsum mishaps.
1. MORGAN FREEMAN - the most badass old man on the friggen planet, he always plays the awsum dude!
2. Clive Owne - cos he playes in my alltime fav Gun movie '' Shoot em' Up ''
3. Bruce Willis - Die Hard ROCKS!
4. Jason Statham - Dude can drive like HELL.
5. Scott Adkins - The ultimate fighter!
so here is a list of my top 6. we have the best comedian, the coolest black guy on the muthafuckin' planet, the best gun fanatic, the best cop, the best draiver, adn the best fighter.
Johnny Depp, Jim Carry, and Adam Sandler.
I would have to say Agiris Karas a.k.a Riley from Degrassi 
Johnny Depp is like... my idol
don't even get me started haha
Johnny Depp.
Gerard Butler.
Danny Masterson. 
I cant choose bewteen the 3.
EDIT: itd be Gerard Butler. Id leave my fiance for that mofo. 
Johnny Depp
Helena Bonham Carter
Seth Rogen, James Franco, Jesse Eisenberg, Michael Cera, Danny McBride, Will Smith, Zooey Deschanel, Emma Watson, Paul Walker, Vin Diesel, Hugh Jackman, Shia LaBeouf, Tobey Maguire.
here is the amazing new BVB Music Video The Legacy! AMAZINGGG!!
Indescribable, I love them!!! They are absolutely amazing and thank you EndofGreen15 for posting these videos
Lol Your Welcome!
OMG THEY ARE AMAZING! 
Yes fav music video is fallen angels
and my favourite song overall would be either set the world on fire, rebel love song or perfect weapon
MY GOD, I LOVE THIS BAND!
I WOULD KILL TO SEE THEM UP CLOSE!
If Only, if Only..
MY GOD, I LOVE THIS BAND!I WOULD KILL TO SEE THEM UP CLOSE!If Only, if Only..ive seen them liv twice really close. in the front closeim in love with themthey r my saviorsBVB FOREVER
i love em i love em ilove em
Andy Biersack (the Prophet)-Singer/screamer
man i love this song but i wish andy would cut his hair like he did in the knives and pens video
one of the best bands in the world
And I'm the guy who dislikes them ) that song is old shawn..
And I'm the guy who dislikes them ) that song is old shawn..isnt thread old?? o_o istill cant believe shawn made this threads. wtfs dude. wtfs 
haha leah ikr?
its just plain creepy
O_o mhm^ blah
This is odd D:
Shawn hates BVB now. Confussed u
I remember when he first started getting irritated with them :3
wait these guys r still alive? dam. that kinda sucks.
Yes.... :c
LMAO xD
I cant believe I ever listened to these faggots
theyre still awsumness D; -sob sob sob-
Love it 
I LOVE THEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEY ARE THE BEST BAND, THEY ARE MY LIFE, THEY ARE THE ONLY ONES WHO MAKE ME HAPPY
Ew.
ok so I recently I knew about this Majora's mask "thing" which I didn't believe...but then I've found the victim's YouTube profile and everything I though it was fake I believed it true. So tell me anyone...have you already knew this? if not then take a look at Jasusaber's YouTube profile for more and tell me what do you think. The creepy pasta is called "ben drowned"
ooppps i mean Jadusable
Oh yeah, that was a really good creepypasta.
Love that creepypasta. Think it was the very first one I read or something... but many are confused as to wether it is real or fake. I myself am not sure to be honest. I mean it is really freaky, but... yeah... Though it is said if you go onto the site www . cleverbot . com / and start up a conversation about BEN Drowned, Ben will sometimes speak to people through cleverbot. I myself have tried it, and it does work, but I havent done it recently. So I might try it again sometime later..
I didn't watch it. Probably never will. Disney is killing my childhood.
Ooo
uuuhhhh.....the snowman i built for you fell...sorry...heheh?
Only because I pushed it, dude. It came at me! I had to defend myself. D:
Never seen it. Not a happy, warmy, 3d animation fan.
Seen it and love it 
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DX
Who's your favorite youtuber? Someone who's videos you can watch all day?

Mine are: PewDiePie, ChaoticMonki (Cry), CutiePieMarzia, and JennaMarbles.
DesandNate    , Jenna Marbles, & possibly more xD lol
haha awesome! XD
Ukinojoe
Also Pewdiepie gave me cancer
Vlogbrothers and Sourcefed
Steve Kardynal - he makes me laugh.
hmm i would say ImmortalHD
Danisnotonfire, AmazingPhil, and Jenna Marbles XD
Capn DesDes and The Escapist - Zero Punctuation
PewDiePie, Spears the Amazing, Cry, Smosh, Shane Dawson, and Kingsley.
RWJ, VSauce, ERock, Krispy Kreme, Julian Smith, UltimoPlayer, BlimeyCow and more.
					
					

CollegeHumour, CraftNation, GordonRamsay, JustFOrLaughsTV,  FLuffeeTalks. and ERB
Nuther pewdie pie fan here xD oh and cap'n desdes
nigahiga, kevjumba, bubzbeauty, joeyblondewolf2, and shimmycocopuffsss
JENNAMARBLES! nigahiga, RJW, smosh, theDOMINICshow.. etc
YAY! SMOSH! MY METAPOD IS GONNA GET SO HARD IN THIS MATCH!
Shane Dawson,Toby Turner, Jenna Marbles,and Joey Graceffa.
DareMattG, Smosh, Shane Dawson, glozell
JENNA MARBLES
Ksiolajidebt is amazing
Utorak007pewdiepie is poop.
dashiexp
Raywillianjohnson, crabsticks, touchdalight, themagicofRhat xD
EPICMEALTIME!!!XD
onision,smosh,des and nate and equels 3 :3
Danisnotonfire, Amazingphil, Emmablackery, amberkatelynbeale, jacksgap, livelavalive ect....
Definitely Pewdie Pie and Jenna Marbles lol I love them! x3
Danisnotonfire. And amazingphil
petergilroy, Janoskians, HowToBasic, JacksFilms, dicasp, SamPepperOfficial, danisnotonfire and Tobuscus.
SMOSH!!!! Nigahiga
Shane Dawson, Danisnotonfire, UberHaxorNova, KickThePj, Smosh, MattG124, etc.
PewDiePie,Smosh,DesandNate,Jenna Marbles
Smosh, zeldaxlove64, lindseystomp, DesandNate ^__^
Lindseystomp, Thisisacommentary, Adoseofbuckley, beatdownboogie's,
LauraLejeune
Smosh. I love them, they are hilarious!
Desandnate
Leda monster bunny
Cristian the ghost boy
Matt G
x3
Smosh, funny vine videos, Tom ska
Smosh and pewdiepie
me
Shane Dawson
Smosh,Shane Dawson,Jenna Marbles,And ThisisaCommentary
Balloonshop. 
I used to watch Shane Dawnson but meh.
he got boring quick. 
					
					

Pewdiepie. Onision. Des and Nate.
Shane Dawson
Utorak007, by far.
Along with Maxmoefoe. 
I sit there and giggle all night watching those two.
SatanaPC
Pewdiepie , Rooster teeth , Thegameblock , BF vs GF 
Chealy 
Shane Dawson, AmazingPhil, danisnotonfire, JennaMarbles, nigahiga, SMOSH, ChristianNovelli, deefizzy, Steve Kardynal, Matt124, HaiLedaBear
ONION!
oh wait I mean, ONISION
Smosh, Erock331, David MeShow, IggyPrez, BrutalMoose, Caddicarus, AVGN, ExtremeDrivingTV, Epic Meal Time, RegularCars, Mundomondo, 5secondfilms.


I really like charlieissocoollike and idk why ;-;
Pewdiepie, Cutiepie, Chaoticmonki, and Smosh.
Pewdiepie, Cutiepie, Chaoticmonki, and Smosh.

i get those on my 3ds...it's stupid
What the fuck did i just watch?!?! O.o
something stupid...
I thought it was a lesson on how to kill a dinosaur xD
I thought it was a lesson on how to kill a dinosaur xD
i thought it was a dinosaur version of "The Office"
Lol
DINOSAURS , YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !
RPG,first person shooter ....?
pokemon
RPG
dueling
fighting
adventure
Mature RPG (the witcher series or the elder scrolls)
Good FPS (quake live)
i love the fantasy games like kingdom hearts, final fantasy, etc....
and i also love games like slnderman:8 pages and dead or alive c:
Dancing and singing. Games
Horror. first person shooter.
RPG in particular in sci-fi settings such as cyber punk or steam punk type of settings
RPG
Fighter
Action-Adventure
DDR
some strategy and FPS
Fighters
Horror/Puzzle Solving.
RPG's
MMO's
Action Adventure games
Fighters


fantasy, action, horror, rpg, figthing, sports, dance, and puzzle
Meh. I play whatever keeps my attention. 
I personally like shooters and RPG
Sleeping With Sirens' new album is amazing. Anyone have a favorite of their new songs yet?
Well I havent listened to the full album sobi couldn't tell u my fav song from it
i havent listened to there new album yet...

She just reminds me of those girls who try to act like boxxy.
i watched it!  does that mean she loves me?!
i watched it!  does that mean she loves me?!
I don't know. Depends on if you like BMTH, Asking Alexandria, or BOTDF.
I don't know. Depends on if you like BMTH, Asking Alexandria, or BOTDF.
hahahahah i believe she called it "BOTF"
i watched it!  does that mean she loves me?!
No she does not love you, she doesn't even know you XD
because she probably knows m stupid, pathetic and suck
no you do not
Honestly I seem out of topic O.O
XD this is too freaking funny
lol i said all of that out of love
What's with all the non-related talk in this topic?
that girl has nice hairx3
Wow lol
and voice...but...yrah..trange accent
Lol xD
and voice...but...yrah..trange accent
*yeah...strange way of talking


Lol nice Matti

These poor children ! D:
Trying to keep a straight face eating an entire lemon.
Best game evar
Baby lost the game D:
I'd probably lose too xD
its kindda funny and cute haha
Lol i find that funny
I prefer all 3. I have an Xbox 360, gameboy advanced, 3DS, and a PC.
Console/PC for me
nintendo for console and handhelds...and yeah...just pc
PC FTW
PC all the way, most powerful and verstile platform.
Console and PC
PC, but if it's in my hands, it better be from Nintendo or Playboy. ;3
Console and PC!
PC, but if it's in my hands, it better be from Nintendo or Playboy. ;3
the mouse is in your hand...doesn't that include PC for your hands?
PC, but if it's in my hands, it better be from Nintendo or Playboy. ;3
Oh so you're better with your hands?
					
					

Oh so you're better with your hands?
lol he got dat lefty flip gurl!
lol he got dat lefty flip gurl! 
That's really funny cause I'm left handed. How do you know this about me? o.o'
That's really funny cause I'm left handed. How do you know this about me? o.o'
oh come one tonyyyy...there are no secrets between us gurrlll
PC and PS2 all day
Console/PC
PC MASTER RACE
I love watching final destination but the third final destination is my most favorite, I'm not really why its my favorite but I just prefer it from the five movies.
So which of the five is your favorite and why?
the first one(the second one wasnt so bad eithers) because its actually entertaining.
the rest look like they tried to hard bro. number five was BEYOND horrible though.
I find the fourth movie was a bit exaggerated.. especially the escalator scene..
it was. it was.
theyre pre cool...but kinda creepy
n OMG WATCH OUT!!!
I find the sound effects creepy
thats what made people jump really imo. the movie itself plain boring.
I like the first one. 

I had a dream once that I was in a FD movie. 

Needless to say, I almost punched my ceiling when I woke up (literally, ceiling)
how did you punch the ceiling??
Lol i love final destination 
Loft bed. Close to the ceiling
Final Destination 1,2,3,4 was good but 5 _
u kno sumfin bad is gonna happen...but they kinda dont c it...
MOVE OUT OF THE WAY! now!
LOLOL IKR?!!

They just stand  there!!!
lolz I get annoyed with those types of movies its like omgs soooo obvious cant you see whats going to happen? xD
HAHA SUCKED IN U JUST GOT BURNT ALIVE IN A TANNING BOOTH!!!!!!its ur fault for not seeing that weird fucking shit is happening n that theyre all dying xDrule number 1. NEVA GO INTO A TANNING BOOTHrule number 2. I THINK IT WUDAV BEEN BETA TO DIE RIGHT AT THE START ANYWAYS! SO JUST DIE!rule number 3. IF YOUR THAT STUPID U CANT FIGURE OUT THAT UR ALL DYING! u stupid...dont get caught up in final destination situation if ur blonde xD
hahahahah Just the way people die is funny XD 
It's kind of like watching A Thousand Ways To Die.
i tried saving everyone when i got the dvd for the third one.
Someone here has Minecraft pocket edition?  If you do I'm up to something I wish to tell to those...
I do! cx
I haz it! :3
At least 2. Well I was planning to upload a map...it'll be an adventure map...but,the question is do you know where can I upload it?
Well if you are on an iOS running device, I think you use Iexplorer or something
Well if you are on an iOS running device, I think you use Iexplorer or something
What do you mean by lexplorer?
And by the way forgt about the map....
c: Minecraft. 
I don't have the pocket edition though ;~;
What is your fave youtube video???
Pretty much anything from OMFGITSJACKANDDEAN. I also love the literal trailer for Assassin's Creed from TOBUSCUS. 
OH, and like, all of the ASDF movies. 


(I can't post the vids right now, wait for update lol)
i don't really go on Youtube so much. But i did see a few vids that i liked :3

The Tik Tok parody video by The Midnight Beast. i thought that was hilarious 
i also like that one vid forgot who it's from but this guy named Des gets so mad and practically destroys a tv :3

yeah, that's about it.
Madness combat ) it's sooo violent, funny and awesome, wish life was like that hahah then lots of ppl would be dead hahaha oh well, madness combat is fucking badass  ppl on here needs to watch it
SALAD FINGERSSSSSSSSSSSS!!

my favorite youtube vidoes are from Mychonny and DancingToCarAlarms! 
mostly call of duty videos! I can watch them for hours.


here lately ive ben watching Smosh....soo i ges its becoming my fav vids ^.^
so stuck in my head rite now but the cholo adventures videos so funny  "boy:bye dad going to get some gurls

Dad:ok
Girl:bye daddy going to study hall
Dad:study hall my arse get chu arse in duh house XDDD

funny cats. of course.
i sometimes watch videos of smosh or nigahiga or epic meal time =P
www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKI2jS2LdQI
PigaDgrifm xD
thats great i like this youtuber called nerd3. he plays a ton of different games
i just discovered this...he suuu adorable 


Shane Dawson, Nigahiga and Onision videos
ASDF movies and Ray William Johnson ( I think that is name) Fuck they are funny


How Animals Eat Their Food... man if I could do a flying kick like that, no one would mess with me
Salad fingers, don't hug me I'm scared, annoying room mate, annoying again.



We watched this in school 
It was like in ya face sadness type of video...
how he angers his voice and makes it louder is really effective
omg that video you put the link to..thats just as stong as this one jeezus ..
I don't usually like stuff like this; but I do like this video. Glad you shared it.
I watched it in school for a bulling assembly and my friends forced me to watch it... its very sad
It upsets me but I wouldn't have went down so easy.

the nurses brain was replaced with a can but she still knew how to answer le telephone???
:333 I love Invader Zim
:333 I love Invader Zim
I've played World of Warcraft for many years, and I was wondering if anyone here on Emo Puddle also plays WoW? If so, what's your favorite race/class/faction? I'm curious!
I do
WOW sux. LOTRO is waaaay better.
Dude, WoW sucks. Try a game called Aion, much better story and combat. Or if your computer has the specs play Guild Wars 2, GW2 makes every other PC game look like shit gameplay and graphics wise
U suck

That was amazing
oh wow that was awsome
That was actually really good o:
hahah...were you looking at a pretty girl out your window?...or was it just lyrics? hahah but yeah...it sounds...alright
Yeah. I just asked that. Someone please tell me I'm not a loaner. And if I am, don't judge me. X3 Mkay baii~
i don't watch dance academy
I've watched a few episodes from the 1st season, couldn't find the rest of it though so I don't watch the new episodes (if they even make new ones still)
They have 2 seasons on Netflix and in Australia (Coming to America much later) They'll have season 3
This is my fav movie of all time heres the trailwr tel me what yu think of it
wow
i'm so watching this movie
Yeah ^ ^ It's really good. I saw all 3 parts. Like in most cases the first one was the best
hahahahah tis funny when movies that already came out say "coming soon" hahahah
Iv seen this movie and I love it

aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhahahahah i finished a drawing before it ended
that albums sucked
Fuck hes amazing 
OMFG HE IS SUUUUUU ADORABLE!!! JACKIE SPARROW 

I don't know why, but I want to meet someone like him 0.0
pirates are adorable?
A pirates life for me! xD 
who doesnt love jackie!? xD
hmmmmm...the men in the red coats?...or do theeeeeeyyyyyy???
bromance em together xD lol they all secretly have a man crush on him hes that awsum
Damn I wish I could be that flamboyant and get away with it.
oooooh mah gosh XD I think I want to cry because I will never get to marry him
he's just insanely gorgeous n adorable!
I now aye...guys here are either completely wacko n weird or jerks pretty much
Did you know Johnny depp is actually a pervert. He pretends to fuck warrick


mine is two broke girls and married with children
How i met your mother, and Happily Divorced, oh and the golden girls, can't forget the golden girls
ohh I love how I met your mother
isn't the guy barny gay
yea, the guy who plays barney is gay but he is still AWESOME
and that makes him hot
totally
ohh I also love the big bang theory
V for Vendetta is fantastic, I got the same impression also.
Lots of korean films that i've seen tend to have an affect. you should check some out
the matrix is what I can currently think of right now.... but there are others I'm sure
THATS AMAZING! If more things were like that I would watch them a lot more :3
lol they look wicked xD wonder wat it would be lyk to drive one o.o
they look awsome
Wow, I watch Monster Jam on TV..... didn;t expect to see anything about it on here XD
Its on tv o.o I thought you have to go to a certain place to see it lol xD
seriously??? urgh facepalm

banana power!!!!!
What. The. Fuck... He must have been high O_o
That damn song ._.
That damn song ._.Lol hun D: Maybe if I play it another 1000 times I can get you to like it lol :3
ok a dancing banana. that makds sense... but the chicken doesnt o.o y was there a chicken?
Lol hun D: Maybe if I play it another 1000 times I can get you to like it lol :3Babe, I doubt it xD
Lol it doesnt hurt to try though haha :3 After I get yelled at like 50 times by you turn that off like yesterday lol
lmao i hate that damn song
its so stupid D:
Thats the exact reason why i love it lol its completely random and stupid!
*dies*
Nuuuuu Dont Die  *revives*
D: *dies*
that was fuckin weird I want to be a crow better
D: *dies*Nuuuuu Stay alive Babe 
I love ett  Who could hate bananas? Dx Or worse, who could hate songs about them?
people y r u talking bout bananas and dieing??
ur so randomz lol
Im a banana!!! its not random, just the truth
that is verey random
Gahhhhhhh.....Damn U Shawn!!!!!!! Ugh!!!! This Song Wont Get Out Of My Head!!! Dx
hahahaha!!! Awesome!!!
Haha right XD


I was kidding about the whole killing thing .
yeah i know xD
awesome!!!
Nooooooooo!!!!!!
yes!!
Noooo!!!
yessssssssssss!!!
Nooooooooooooooo!!!!!!
Yesssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Noooo!!!! XD
Yesssssss!!!
Lol nooooooo
yes!!!!!!!! xD
-POKE- Nooooooooo!!!!!!!!
-super poke-  Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!
-Super Mighty Poke- XD!!! Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!
lol  *super pokes you twice* YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
-Super Power Pokes- Nooooooooo!!!!! XD
*Triple Super Power poke* Yessssssssssssssssss!! xD
-Super Mighty Power Pokes U Three Times- NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! :3 XD
*Super Power pokes you 10 times* Yessssssssssssssssss!! :3 xD
-Super Power Pokes U 20 Times- Nooooooooo!!!
-Super power pokes you 100 times- Yesssssssssssssss!! 

Banana Power! xD
IWAS GOING TO SAY THAT!! 


-Super Duper Power Poke- NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol Im a Banana! Im a Banana! Im a Banana! XD

*Super Duper awesome poke* YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
-Super Duper Mighty Power Poke- XD Nooooooooooooo!!!!!
-Super Duper Mighty Pokes you 100 times- xD Yesssssssssss!!!!!
-Jefree Star Tasser Power Poke- 
 XD Noooooooooooooo!!
and im a donkey!
And Im a banana!!! Im a banana! Im banana! Look at meh move!!

*super duper awesome cool fantastic ultra magical poke* lol YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!! xD
Gahhh.....lol poke???  Lol lol Nooooooooooooooooooo XD
gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! xD
Gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!! Nooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!! XD
Gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!! xD Look at your other thread looool! xD
Gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!! Lol idid and Noooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!! XD
Gahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!! lol I wont let u forget xD Yessssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol xD
lol xD She hates the song!

Im a banana! Im a banana! Im a banana! Look at meh move!
Its so annoying and addictive lol
Agreed! lol
Hehe I cant stop singing/playing Dx lol
woooooot xD
Ugh nooooo so addicting lol
yes!!!!!! lol YOU WILL NEVER FORGET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I Want To Forget lol XD
I wont let you teehee
WHY!?!!!? Lmfao
U never answered meh on my other thread...post.....wth ever lol
lol I wasnt on here for a few days so I have no idea wth ur talking about lol
Gahhh the one u and snow commented on lol
ok IM A BANANA!!!!!!!
Noooooo!!!! Why Shawn??? Why must u hate meh??? LMFAO  LOL
Lol just to torture you with this amazing song xD Its fun haha  Meh dont hate you _
Noooooooo!!!!! Hehe
Lol ik u dont	lol
xD You like being tortured? ehh? hehe :3 This song is the ultimate torture lol
Ugh ik!!! Thats why im trying to forget it!!! Lmfao







SUPER SEXY GAYNESS!!!!!!!!!! Lmfao
I wont let you :3

lol what?!?
Lol IK!!!!  Gahhhhhhh its back in my head!!!!! Look at what u have done!!! Lol

sweeeeeeeetness!! It worked!!!!

IM A BANANA, IM A BANANA, IM A BANANA, LOOK AT MEH MOVE!!
Noooooooo!!!! Lol
yessssssssssssss!!!! woooot! teehee
Gahhhhhhhh Noooooooo lmfao
gahhhhhhhhhhhhh! yes!! IT WILL FOREVER TORTURE YOU  teehee
-run- Nooooooo!!!!!!!! Never!!!!! Lmfa
-runs after you- yesssssssssssssssssssss!!! Gahhhhhhhhhh!!
-runs faster- GAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! Never!!! Hehe
*runs after you even faster* GAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! yesss!!! teehee
-runs even faster and hides- hehe Nooooooooooo!!! Lol
*runs even fast and looks for you while singing Im a banana song* hehe yessssss


LOOK AT MY COMMENT ON YOUR PROFILE!! YOU BETTER KNOW THE ANSWER!!
-groans quietly- ugh stupid song lol


I already answered   im listening to him right now
I'm absolutely in love with this song :3 Omg. It's genius.
not u to Sophie
I love the song too. IM A BANANA!!!
Omg! Omg! everyone ish going to the darkside!...n u guys call meh a traitor :/
i love this song! its awesome!! .
i havnt listened to this song in so long....O.o And it was my favorite.
aw crap it's back -.-
yes! Its back  It came back just to annoy you lols (:
noooooooo
yessssssssssssss
please not this again. Its worse than the duck song __
lol!  That makes me wanna sing and talk about it even more (:
Shawn I just might have to come kill you
Shawn I just might have to come kill youlol! that makes me wanna sing it to you! lol :3
o.O what a strange thread. I think I like these moderators  Seems at least you know how to have fun

fuck yeah it was!
Wtf Shawn! You and your disturbing videos!... great now I'm afraid to eat a banana scared it may scream at me.
oh jeez
I saw this thread thinking 'oh god it's back for revenge' and wanted to cry
WATCH THE VIDEO!!!!
Do not like.
Lol
I'm scared.
Scared of him... and his suit... and voice... my god.
this song is creepy .
Goodness im gone for about a year or 2 and this is what i come back too?! lolxD i love this guys vidoes,it was my ringtone for a while actually
lol
Every time I see this thread I cringe a bit...
you hate bananas that much?
no, just that damned song
what is this i dont even
I offically love this person XD
Ima banana~
ooooooooooook?

a chicken and a banana?
Im a banana !!! im a banana look at me move!!!
NOOO I THOUGHT THIS THREAD WAS DEAD
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fuck

WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS
oh no
not again
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh
thanks for replacing call me maybe with this. Its been in my head for weeks O_o

IM A BANANA -chicken appears-
For some reason I lost my appetite for BananasO_O
urgh bananaz
(sarcastic) hahaha, weirdest song ever but ehh, power to the nutjob who made the song
CART! FART! SMART! DART! HEART! START! CART! SMART! CART! SMART! DART! FART! DART! START! HEART!XD
I'M A BANANA!!! I'M A BANANA!!! LOOK AT ME MOVE!!!! 
Bahahahahahha lolXD omg this is funny XD
urgh bananaz 
what's wrong with bananas?...may i ask?
I'M A BANANA!!! I'M A BANANA!!! LOOK AT ME MOVE!!!! 
i'm known as cornetto kid
ONISION
I love him xD
it's my nickname.
who the 'ell revived this old crap? should 'ave stayed buried
Im a banana. Im a banana. Look at me move
Im a banana. Im a banana. Look at me move
Ima Banana! Ima Banana! Banana POWER!!!
BANANA
Banana power! lmao I remember the first time I watched it. 
Banana POWERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
ughh damn song
*shoots himself*
If you get offended by ALOT of swearing and cursing, stupid things and gory PC games....DONT WATCH!!!but this guy is soooooo fucking hilarious xD
It's PEWdiepie! I LOVE THAT GUY!!!!!

Brofist xD
Love it wen he plays amnesia lol it's  such a thrill! XD Brofist!
hahah BROFIST XD
STEPHANOOOOO!!! ;_;
lol i love that guy XD
He is sooo FREAKIN FUNNY
haha yeaz xD
i subsrcibed to him his mcpixel videos are great
haha coolies ^vv^
Yay  lol
PEWDIEPIE!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!! i can't stop watching his videos now!XO
it wasnt me pewdie I swear!
YOU MURDERER
XD I LOVE HIM
hes hilarious! xD
ahh pewdie is meh hero~! i love when he plays happy wheels and all, but i love when he plays the Amnesia or Slender series
This guy is funny! 


lololololololololololol, I just wet myself laughing XD
I'm a cry baby when it comes to sappy movies, but one movie in particular made me cry for days: Pay It Forward.

It's your turn now
Pursuit of happyness made me cry and marely and me did too. The Hannah month-whatever movie made my dad cry haha
"The Day After Tomorrow" always somehow made me cry.
I don't really know why, it just did...
hmm...
well i must say i cried like a baby at the end of Sweeney Todd. In a way, it's a beautiful story.
I cried at the end of Requiem for a Dream. It's my favorite movie now.
The Return of the King - Lord of the rings... Everytime...
The Return of the King - Lord of the rings... Everytime... Is it the ending where they're at the Grey Havens?
The Return of the King - Lord of the rings... Everytime... Is it the ending where they're at the Grey Havens?Yeah... I had a tear or two in the cinema...And on dvd...And on the extended edition....and the three times i've seen it since with mates xD
wow many movies made me cry 
pay it forward, Titanic haha. i teared a little bit to  dear john lmfao haha when the dad died. theres so much i just cant think of any
Pay it forward did too!! Id forgotten about that one
Pay it forward did too!! Id forgotten about that one Yeah, it gets me every time.
moulin rogue. gets me every time. i cry like a baby. i think the 1st time i watched it i cried myself 2 sleep. and @ the end of the grudge i cried
Im sad to said 7pound with Will Smith is the only movie that has ever made me cry.
Never seen or heard of that one... It worth watching?
Never seen or heard of that one... It worth watching? yes i belive it is 100% worth watching it makes you think about suicide but in a good way ya know what i mean.
Never seen or heard of that one... It worth watching? yes i belive it is 100% worth watching it makes you think about suicide but in a good way ya know what i mean.also I am Legend  with Will Smith is a great movie
The lovely bones....and i know its not a movie but the most recent season finaly of greys anatomy had me crying too .
The lovely bones....and i know its not a movie but the most recent season finaly of greys anatomy had me crying too .sad to say but i forgot about love ly bones i cry on that one to
I havnt seen 7pounds tho my friends say its good , whats it about?
Its about a man who took 7 lives in a car crash he caused and how he handels his guilt.

Any more would ruin the movie so go find and watch it and post back.
Ah right, awsome, Ill go have a look as well
oh yeah, and for some reason, I cry (with laughter) at ALL the cheesy slasher movies.
Does that count?
the ending of the first part of harry potter and the half blood prince made me cry when dobby the house elf died,i didnt even notice i was crying til my friend wiped my face.
True but the movie is crap compared to the book
the ending of the first part of harry potter and the half blood prince made me cry when dobby the house elf died,i didnt even notice i was crying til my friend wiped my face.Sorry but itsThe Deathly Hallows
the ending of the first part of harry potter and the half blood prince made me cry when dobby the house elf died,i didnt even notice i was crying til my friend wiped my face.Sorry but itsThe Deathly Hallowsthank you,i wasnt thinking clearly when i wrote this,and it is very crappy compared to the book.
sorry ive read each one atleadt twice same with the Twilight saga
im still dont know if i whant to wath Breaking Dawn when it comes out
because the movies just are so far from the books
premonition
The deathly hallows made me cry too , yes that is so true movies never do as good as the books , sometimes they change the whole story like in my sisters keeper :/ but ill still watch breaking dawn and deathly hallows part 2 : P  the last one for both stories....
every movie bassed of a Steven kings book is the same as the book what pisses me off is
were in Eclipes does Edward push a tree over and in New Moon Jacob doesnt show Bella the true by his house it was on the road they drove there dirt bikes its the compete change of story that really makes me mad
the notebook. loved it:)
Dragonheart at the end, i just weep
the brave little toaster Dx
despicable me.

yeah i know its a childrens movie...
but it made me cry.
haha....apparently i would cry everytime barney came on when  i was younger because i was scared of dinosaurs.
Its about a man who took 7 lives in a car crash he caused and how he handels his guilt.Any more would ruin the movie so go find and watch it and post back.I cried at the end of 7 pounds too, it was a really really good movie.I can't remember them all but....I cried at the end of Radio and Definiately Maybe are two that come to mind.
only one movie has ever made me cry and that was an hour befor posting this and im sad to sat it was stick it
The only thing that has ever made me cry is the Phantom Of The Opera. Lol. And that was only because I was sad for Phantom D:
My sisters keeper madee me cry ALOT xD
Thomas Dekker was really cutee in tht movie even thoo he had NO hair..
anything that is a happy ending but it also ends badly for someone other character like in tangled who flyn rider nearly dies i cried 
when any thing heart touching happens 
anything name it i cry in every movie i watch 
i now cry in rambo wtf i  usally don't i usally laugh my fucking head off hahaha those pricks got what they deserved lol
The only thing that has ever made me cry is the Phantom Of The Opera. Lol. And that was only because I was sad for Phantom D:I didnt cry, just thought about how similar we were (evrythn but disfigurd, and stalkerish)
Not a movie but the episode of Futurama where the dog is waiting for Fry made me baw
I didnt cry, just thought about how similar we were (evrythn but disfigurd, and stalkerish)I love Phantom lol, stalker tendencies and all o-o
I love Phantom lol, stalker tendencies and all o-oNo comment XD its just he luvs christine, with a fiery passion. He teaches her to sing. He is always there for her. Its like me and MY christine (her name isnt christine, just a comparison). I luv her with a fiery passion, iv taught her not how to sing but different ways to look at the world. Iv always been there for her... And yet here i am lonely ranting about it on the wrong topic... Pm me if u feel like talkn about it more... Sry topic people
A walk to remember and My sister's keeper...lolz i tried 2 suck it up but failed...my "friends" laffd their buts off at me, i hav way 2 many guy frends(jerks)
Not a movie but the episode of Futurama where the dog is waiting for Fry made me baw  o man tht was funy but rly sad... Poor dog..
i rarely ever cry, especially at movies but Seven Pounds really got to me xD
mouline rouge made me cry cz i'm a romantic. so did titanic!
well i have to admit that i cry in every movie (even if it is a comedy) 
it's sooo embarrasing! but the movie that mabe me cry the most is "i am sam"
Freedom writters!!!! its the best!!! XD
Edward Scissorhands, coz it shows how two-faced people can be. 
Finding Nemo and The Lion King...
500 days of summer and Almost Famous
anything when a actor who is sharing the light or when the person crys make me cry
I've only ever cried at 3 films, i'm not really much of a cryer - thats my mums job :L
- Titanic - i cant swim and hate water so i cried because in my opinion, its more of a horror movie than real life documentary type thing
- Spirit - Yes the animated film about a horse, i love horses so when one almost died :'( i couldn't help but cry
- Black Beauty - As i said, i love horses so when Ginger dies :'( i refuse to watch the film again
The lovely bones, Titanic, My sisters keeper, Charlie St Cloud and The Last Song they made me cry
					
					

I only saw one of those, and it was against my will xD
Spirited Away mad me cry near the end.

And these aren't really moves but  Naruto starting at ep 178 and that whole arch made
me cry cuz it's wad sad and beautiful!
And, the last ep Death Note when Light dies. I really loved Light X).
Schindler's List, Boy in the Striped Pajamas, Marley and Me, any movie where the dog or horse dies, the sad moments of Happy Feet, some French movie called Cross My Heart, and one ten minute movie based off the short story The Lottery. I don't like the holocaust or dead animals, basically.
Movie? er... I think What Dreams May Come did once.. and from TV... Angel Beats! did.. and one episode of Fairy Tail.
Bridge to Terebithia
August Rush
lol x3 i cry at a lot of movies actually, i just try to hold it in   then i cry afterwards and ppl r lykk "wtf?"
Schindler's List is the only movie to ever make me cry. It's such a sad but beautiful movie. The music is amazing. .
the notebook. dont u dare judge me.
I've never even seen The Notebook. xD Is it a Romantic movie?
Marley and me made me cry at the end..because i hate seeing animals die ):
hmm...well i must say i cried like a baby at the end of Sweeney Todd. In a way, it's a beautiful story. I totally agree. The ending is so sad. When he finds out that the old hag was his lover and the boy slits his throat. Awwwwww.....
Edward Scissorhands, coz it shows how two-faced people can be. 
Im a real cry baby wen it cums to movies...iv cried in:
King kong (ders 2 parts in d movie where I cry)
The green mile
Moulin rouge
Shindlers list
Jungle book 2 (wen I was little)
The matrix movies
Eragon
Harry potter an d goblet of fire...
Underworld movies
2012...
N probably more I cnt think of atm
Im a real cry baby wen it cums to movies...iv cried in:King kong (ders 2 parts in d movie where I cry)The green mileMoulin rougeShindlers listJungle book 2 (wen I was little)The matrix moviesEragonHarry potter an d goblet of fire...Underworld movies2012...N probably more I cnt think of atmyou look like Avril Lavigne in your profile pic.
7 pounds, titanic, passion of the chirst and I am legend, those are good movies :')
I've watched alot of sad movies; so the few eye drops are almost naturali cried when i was watchingTitanicA walk to rememberThe Sound of MusicSave the Last danceThe NotebookThe time travelers wifeI am SamP.s.  I love youGhostPremonitionThe Curious Case of Benjamin ButtonDear JohnThe last Song
The Last Song is like the only movie that made me cry. When the father died, I sobbed.
Grave Of The Fireflies is the only one I can think of  an  anime movie about a war
Too many O.O
AI
Moulin Rouge. Lolol, poor Euan. ;c
lets just say...alot
Wow, I'd say Hachiko: A Dog's Story
The lucky one
For colored girls 
marly & me
mulan but once
Willard
i watched memoirs of a geisha.... pretty heart wrenching ^^
and the third movie of the takumi kun series


Bloody reunion. It's a Chinese movie. It's a bit twisted and sad :'c I cried for a week
Red Dog, It's based on a true australian story..... when Red Dog fiinally finds his owner, I cried.... absolutely balled my eyes out.... and I never cry
At the end of Agora I just bawl like it\s seriously beyond crying, I just find it so wrong that someone has to kill their love because people dont agree with their religion  It's so bad even my mom makes fun of me
Definitely Pay It Forward, I Am Legend, Titanic, The Notebook, The Nightmare Before Christmas... lol Edward Scissor Hands... And Romeo and Juliet (the one with Leonardo DiCaprio)
Can I just say most of the movies ive watched??
Pretty sure it's legal lol
never say never :'(
All three lord of the rings happy and sad tears
If only I could remember which one that was... Was that when The Red Lady died?
You have to pay very very close attention. Pay very close attention or you wont learn shit.

hmmmm...sounds like a good book

Weird Al and the Bloodhound Gang are decent, they're more satire than straight up comedy though.
I know what you mean Chesus.
Post your Steam IDs here if you want to play some games with me.

bahahahhahaahahhahah!!!XD that was very entertaining!XDhahahahahahahahah
I love Jonny Mcgovern
Well my question is in the heading. Just wondering, coz I do
I used to be...
Then stuff happened and I don't do it anymore :3
But it's nice to meet another person who DJs
I can cause I kinda know how to but thats not my thing I'm more of a vocalist/synthesist
fair enough, I DJ'd at a party last night... never drink and DJ at the same time, you lose track of how many you've had
hahah so strange lol xD
BAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
...HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAAHHAH!!!!!XD


JINXX AND ASH R TOGETHER FOREVERRRRRR!!!! LOOL
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DX
EEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWW!!!!DX
ohhhhh yeah Ashy like teh oral babeh Jinxx better be prepared






Dark Legends is an awesome MMORPG. Youre a vampire Whos master has been murdered, and Youre out for revenge. If you play it, my username is Yorutsukihime(princess of the night and moon in japanese) so find me! It's free on the android app market if u wanna play it. It's got great graphics,  Cool outfits, And Awesome Co-op and pvp play.
					
					

As an a EMO  I know we all love Music a lot bt a lot of Us Loves Tv shows  I love Supernatural, Hawaii fiveO & NCIS LA... So What's Ur???
i love : NCIS, The Good Guys, Castle, House, LA NCIS, Two and a half men, How i met your mother and the list goes on and on.
i like very few cartoon for and example Total Drama ( with the original crew,  my faves are ofcourse duncan and owen) and  Generator REX.
Supernatural most of all. I also like: NCIS, Bones, The Mentalist, House, Unnatural History, Futurama, and Tosh.O.
					
					

if I could choose my own father I would choose john winchester as mine & Dean 'Jensen', Sam 'Jared' as my Brothers & casteil as my bodyguard & bobby as my uncle   I really would. Tht's how I describe my love to supernatural
Big Bang Theory, Excused, & It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia^.^
supernatural, spongebob, fullmetal alchemist.
Spongebob ^.^
Walking Dead
Big Bang Theory
How i met your mother
Criminal minds
Alphas, Being Human(BBC, Not Syfy) Supernatural, Black Butler, Vampire Knight, H.O.T.D., Touch, Tosh.0, Doctor Who, House, Ghostly. Encounters(Lawrence Chau is HOT), Zettai Kareshi(Japan), Mei Chan No Shitsuji, And I've heard Fringe and Awake r good, haven't got around to actually watching them, but from what I've heard I'll probably love them
					
					

Castle
How I met your mother
Drop dead diva
Monk
Tera nova
ghost whisperer
big bang theory
supernatural
CSI
etc..
Big Bang Theory *~* Oh yes:)
darn...i can't think of any others besides the big bang theory...oh wait! hahah there's...CONAN!XD

hahahahha tis stuck in m headX3i wondered if it'll do it to you as well

I really hope not but if u like it that's cool
Heh thought id add a dark tone to that jollyness 
...
You no like my video i quite enjoy the dark humor ?
...
Love you guys
unicorn  haha
unicorn  haha
indeed lusieX3indeed hahah
perfect wast of my time
perfect wast of my time 
hmmmmmmmmmmmm...a waste you say...hahah well you are correct!XDjust like this post!
candy?...where?!
I AM RESISTANT! HAHAHAHAAAA!!!!  So ninja, I am!

It's funny how Joo straightened his hair for Jan Di, and her other friend was a complete back stabber. My favourite is the dude with the almond hair, especially when he plays the violin.
Oh shit, I just found out he's gay(awesome)
I luffs it when he plays the violin, its beautiful.
love this show watch the series 10 time cant get enough xD memo
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh yes good times...goooooooood times

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!XP

hahahhahaha that would suck if i ate waffles

yay!XD tis in black and white!
hmmmmmmmm...tis says m a romantic seme...is that good?
hmmmmmmmm...tis says m a romantic seme...is that good?
I think so ^ ^ Any result is good for u.
im chibi seme o...o
compatible with flamming uke and badass uke lol


hmmmmmmmm...tis says m a romantic seme...is that good?
lol I am compatible with u love x3
OMG I think I just peered my pants I'm flaming use XD "your flamboyantly gay behavior makes it easy for a seme to prey on you" lmao that was elaborate.
im chibi seme o...o
compatible with flamming uke and badass uke lol
no romantic?

these were your friends...right?
Well Leigh is somewhat of a friend. I've talked to him a few times, and said I would advertise a few of his videos.
ooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...heheh ntay thanks!XD
GUESS WHO'S FUNNY?...NOT U SO SHUT UP
Hey ladies and gents I am a HUGE Fu3k1n9 gamer and I'm looking for some more people to play with so if you don't mind please give me your gamertag and the top 3 games you play plus if you use a mic or not. I don't care if it's on this thread or in a PM.

Mine is

Crimsonspade57
MW3
Halo:Reach
Minecraft
Mic:Yes


Thank you.
LoL
ftw
...
please do not be offended if i use the word ''us''.
i was watching ahoynato's rant, about how you should not mess with emo kids, and on the sidebar i came across these. i found these incredibly stupid but at the same time amusing rants, seeing as people mostly see ''emo'' as a selfinjuri based cult where guys are gay and you must have black hair and you must be depressed. it is so entertainig to see grown men rant about stuff like this, half the time i was watching these i was laughing my ass off because of the steretypes thrown into the, not so well thought out, rant. i mean if your going to rant on something make sure you understand it first, these dudes just see one ''emo kid'' and automatically think all of us as some world wide occult, cutting, and listening to music what the rest of the world thinks is shitty. just makes me laugh. i would make comments on youtube saying how wrong they are but it would the equivalant trying to explain gravity to a flee.
Wow...that was the funniest thing i have ever seen cx
Now i kno how ignorant n narrow minded ppl in this world are...
but like u said--- trying to explain this is like explaining gravity to a flee
*tisk,tisk*
I've been surfing Youtube.
hahahahha it sounds like she was asking for a pussie
hahahahahaahah i never knew it was a legend
WHERES THE PENCIL!!
GIVE HER A PENCIL BITCHES!! D:
SHE NEED HER PENCIL!! .
yo mama is so nice, i saw her in while grocery shopping and we plesantly chatted
yo mama is so nice, i saw her in while grocery shopping and we plesantly chatted

Ha xD
your mother is like a refrigerator...people always put their meat in her
Ok so we all have some song constantly interrupting your thoughts and taking over!
Sooooo wat song is it?
Or songs?
Three Days Grace - Home

bleach opening theme(Change)
Ok so I like Naruto,Bleach and kind of like darker then black dose anyone know of any anime shows kind of like one of the ones i got up here? and sorry if i put this in the wrong topic thanks to anyone that can help
vampire knight
hell girl
vampire hunter D
death note
witch blade
ums...yeah
thanks emochelza i'll pass on Death note the others sounds good
Black Butler.
XXX Holic

Those you might like i hope
Oh!
And Soul Eater
Oh!And Soul Eater i'll try them thanks
I'm sorry, but all of your anime is invalid.Behold.
oh haha xxx holic xD
Definitely! watch katekyo hitman reborn it gets really good after about 20 eps
then it calms down then it gets really epic.
					
					

Definitely! watch katekyo hitman reborn it gets really good after about 20 epsthen it calms down then it gets really epic. thanks
: ) no prob
Zombie loan is a good one xD
Zombie loan is a good one xD i'll try it thanks Ash
s'kay ^.^ hope you like it
s'kay ^.^ hope you like it will see
Deadman Wonderland pre coolies
Deadman Wonderland pre coolies ok
full metal panic, princes mononoke, sailor moon!! i love sailor moon!
iv eva watched it but my friend luvs it...kuroshitsuji
iv eva watched it but my friend luvs it...kuroshitsuji ok then thanks
full metal panic, princes mononoke, sailor moon!! i love sailor moon! i'll try not sure about sailor moon
i know one called karin its like a darkish comedy about a different kind of vampire. really suggestive though
i know one called karin its like a darkish comedy about a different kind of vampire. really suggestive though is that so? well i guess it wouldn't hurt me to try it thanks
My fave animes: Naruto, chobits, angel beats
My fave animes: Naruto, chobits, angel beats Naruto i already like never herd of the outher two i'll give them a try
Beelzebub
Le Portrait de Petit Cossette
Ao no Exorcist
The Daughter of Twenty Faces
BeelzebubLe Portrait de Petit CossetteAo no ExorcistThe Daughter of Twenty Faces thanks
Black Butler.XXX HolicThose you might like i hope I just saw the show xxxholic it was funny but I didn't really care for it sorry
Shaman king. Afro samurai. and chocolate
Shaman king. Afro samurai. and chocolate ok thanks
I'm naming all that I love idc if they were already named:Black CatFruits BasketOran High School Host Club
I'm naming all that I love idc if they were already named:Black Cat
Fruits Basket
Oran High School Host Club
Yeah lolz I LOVE Inuyasha. I forgot to put a 
Yeah lolz I LOVE Inuyasha. I forgot to put a 
Lolz me and my friends are obcessed.
I made a HUGE poster witth all the ainme shows we know.
Lolz me and my friends are obcessed.I made a HUGE poster witth all the ainme shows we know. o yeah that's cool
burst angel
High school of the dead
 tokko
nabari no ou
aquarion
rin daughter of mnemosyne
Angel beats
blood+
Elfenlied
dance in the vampire bund
kaze no stigma
Durarara
inuyasha
kiddy grade
cowboy beebop
King diamo
Blood Brothers

Trigun

Akira

All the other ones I can think of have already been listed.
Blood BrothersTrigunAkiraAll the other ones I can think of have already been listed. that ok u listed some. So thanks
Naruto
Madoka Magica
Madoka Magica What's that about?
What's that about? It's like about these girls that sign contracts to become magical girls and fight witches. The plot sounds kind of stupid but it's actually really good, only like 12 episodes.
It's like about these girls that sign contracts to become magical girls and fight witches. The plot sounds kind of stupid but it's actually really good, only like 12 episodes. O ok cool
Cowboy Bebop.

Gotta love the noir feel to it.
NarutoReally?! YOU LIKE NARUTO?! Never in all my years would I have guessed that.
Another and No.6
Naruto well your a little late on that one I already have most of the naruto boxsets  sorry
vampire knighthell girlvampire hunter Ddeath notewitch bladeums...yeah I saw Vanpire knight and it was awsome thank you !
Mirai Nikki
Higurashi no naku koro ni
Another
Naruto
Shippuden hahah can't leave that out
Shippuden hahah can't leave that out
yeah I'm trying to keep up with the seasons only up to 12th one
i see...good luck with that
i see...good luck with that
Thanks
Kuroshitsuji
Death Note
Deadman wonderland
Hell Girl
Shiki
Hellsing
D-Gray Man
Ao No Exorcist
Elfen Lied
Soul Eater
Inuyasha
Pandora Heart
Durarara
Rozen Maiden
Yu Yu Hakusho
Blood+
Ghost hunter
Ghost hound
umineko no naku koro ni
mononoke
fairy tail
ranma 1/2
XXX Holic
Vampire Knight
D.N angel
Yu Yu Hakusho
Blood+
Ghost hunter
Ghost hound
umineko no naku koro ni
mononoke
fairy tail
ranma 1/2
XXX Holic
Vampire Knight
D.N angel
I'll give thme a try i seen xxxholic and death note not a fan sorry
BLACK BUTLER
DEATHNOTE
FULL METAL ALCHEMIST
HELL GIRL
BLACK BUTLER
DEATHNOTE
FULL METAL ALCHEMIST
HELL GIRL
ok thanks
Have you seen Ghost In The Shell ? ? ? ( you should see it )
Have you seen Ghost In The Shell ? ? ? ( you should see it ) 
I would have to see it i may have and not even know it
Yo Mama so fat when she went to the movies she sat next to everyone.
Yo mama so fat, she fell in love and broke it.
yo mama so stupid she locked herself in a public toilet and peed herself
Yo mamas so ugly she got banned from an ugly contest.
yo mama is so fat you can see the full moon
Yo mamas so racist she saw a bus full of KKK and said: "HEY! Stop that Twinkie!"
Yo mama so fat. I took a picture of her last christmas and its still printing.
Yo mama's so stupid she stares at an orange juice carton every morning for an hour cause it says "concentrate".
Yo mama so old, she took her driving test on a dinosaur.

you didnt post anything...or is it white? o.o
Yo Mama so old, she has an autographed bible.
					
					

yo mommas so stupid she sold her car for petrol money XD
Yo momma so fat people shout SHAMMOO when they see her
yo mama so heavy that she's the reason why the earth's on an axis
yo mama's so dark she got counted absent at night class
yo mama so fat when she jumped in the air the floor started crackin up.                          yo mama so fat when she jumped in the air she got stuck.
Yo Momma so fat she dressd up as Santa and didn't need the extra padding
Yo mama so fat, she comes from both sides of the family.
These are my fave ones:
Yo mama so ugly, she makes blind kids cry!
Yo mama so old, she sat next to jesus in the third grade!
Yo mama so stupid, she sat on the TV and watched the couch!
Yo mama so fat, when she stepped on the scale at the doctor's office, it said, "One elephant at a time, please!"
Yo mama so fat, she uses a telephone cable as a belt!
Yo mama so fat, when she stepped on the scale at the doctor's office, it said, "To be continued..."
Yo mama so stupid, when she saw a yellow bus go by, she said, "Stop that twinkie!"
I just remembered this one:
Yo mama so stupid, she got locked in a grocery store and starved to death!
Yo mama do fat, she got stuck in the grand canyon
Yo mama so fat, that when she goes swimming, its the reason we have tides.
Your momma's so dirty that Saddam Hussain tried to import her bath water to use as chemical weapons
your mama so short you can see her feet on her drivers license photo!
					
					

Yo Mama's so dumb , I told her she lost her mind, and she started looking for it.Yo Mama's so dumb when she went to a football game she thought the quarter back was a refund.Yo Mama's so dumb she thought fruit punch was a gay boxer.Yo Mama's so dumb she waited all day at a stop sign.
Yo mama's so fat when she went swimming the whales started singing "We are family except for you cause your bigger den me."
Yo mama's so ugly they made her a greek goddess cause when you looked at her you turned to stone.
Yo mama's so stupid she though the toilet was the sink.
Well, yo mama's a bitch,
she's a big fat bitch,
she's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world,
she's a stupid bitch,
if there ever was a bitch,
she's a bitch to all the boys and girls.

Monday she's a bitch,
on Tuesday she's a bitch,
on Wednesday to Saturday, she's a bitch,
then on Sunday, just to be different,
she's a super, king, kameha-meha biatch!
Yo momma such a whore she has 5 priorities
Sucking a dick. 
Sucking a dick.
 Sucking a dick. 
Sucking a dick.
 Sucking a dick.
Your mamas so fat that when she sat on a ipod and turned it into a ipad.
Yo mama so ugly,
her Birth certificate is an apology letter from the Condom factory
yo mamma is so fat, she saw a yellow bus with white people in it and said STOP THAT TWINKIE C:
Yo mama's teeth are so Yellow Obama got a sunburn
Yo mama so stupid when she seen the boogyman under her bed she charged him rent
Yo mama so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized.
i'm your daddy
Yo momma's so ugly even a dementor wouldn't kiss her!
Yo momma's so fat the sorting hat put her in all 4 houses!

Terrible 
Can I have your phone number? I seem to have lost mine

Hey let's make like fabric softener and Snuggle.

I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?

Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven?

Do your feet hurt? Cuz' you've been running through my mind all day

Have you lost an electron? Cuz' I've got my i-on you
-Can I have your food? 
-No.
Wow, you really got them all:)
Wanna go half's on a bastard
Wanna go back to mine "who are you talking to" Who ever says yes
Are you from Tennesee? 'Cause you're the only ten I see.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me 
Are you wearing space pants? Cuz ur ass out of this world (worst line ever)
If you were my home work I would do u on the table right now
do you wanna play house? you be the door and ill slam you
Are you wearing space pants? Cuz ur ass out of this world (worst line ever)no these are softball pants cuz i'm way out of your league
no these are softball pants cuz i'm way out of your league YOU JUST GOT BURNED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There is one that works all the time:
Hey, does this smell like chloroform?
 better dont use this one...
YOU JUST GOT BURNED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  -.-
(worst worst worst lines ever!!!!!!)
					
					

if i said you had a nice body, would you hold it against me?
They say Disney Land is the happiest place on Earth. Why not try being with me, your choice might change.Some say there are 7 wonders in the world, but yu would make a solid 8.Is this the Matrix, because I think you're the One.If looks could kill yu would be a weapon of mass destruction.Santa must've come early this year, cuz yu were first on my Christmas list.Can I be your butter on your bread?
my personal fav is 
I've got skittlez in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
When I saw you on that dating site I just knew you were my type.
I have actually used these.... much to the guys amusement
Do you believe in love at first sight or do I have to walk by again?
Hey, you Google? Cuz you have what I'm looking for. *slapped* XD
if you were a Pokemon I'd choose you
it's too dangerous to go alone, take me
are you a magic feather? because my heart just grew a tail, and flew away.
let's commit the perfect crime, ill steal your heart and you'll steal mine
even if there wasn't any gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you
shit. Something wrong with my cellphone. {hm what's wrong?} it's just that..your numbers not in it.
if I had a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have 5 cents
Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven?Really, did it hurt ? Because it definitely effected your face.
*Guy walks up to random girl and asks--*
- Do you wanna know how much a polar bear weights?
--- how much??
- Enough to break the ice...


             **Sumone actually tried this on me-___-
Really, did it hurt ? Because it definitely effected your face.Lol. Just realized how it sounded. It's not meant towards you dear, aha.
Lol. Just realized how it sounded. It's not meant towards you dear, aha.no problem i got what you meant
I'd say fuck it fuck it FUCK IT xD
lol you are smooth
lol you are smooth 
not as smooth as you X3
you won't belive... x3
There is one that works all the time:
Hey, does this smell like chloroform?  better dont use this one...
LOVE THAT ONE!
Hey peoples! :D I have a question, Whats your favourite Anime/Manga? I'd have to say mine would me Spirited Away. Death note, Clannad.and Pokemon :) Also If you like pokemon who's your favourite pokemon? :D 


OMGS!!!!! DEATH NOTE !!!!!! I LOVE L!!!

Spirited away, ponyo, howls moving castle, laputa caslte in the sky, tortoronto, omgs!!!! the list could go on forever .
Oh yeah i love them too!  Theirs just so many i can't list them all! xD
Im a total yaoi fangirl xD -fist pump- 
right now my favs are: Koisuru Boukun,Gravitation(
Death Note. End of story 

also L ish mines. you cannot take him away from me
Bleach
Bleachand death note
DEATH NOTE i fucking love it. my favourite anime
Well I never really was an anime person.. But my favorites are the original Pokemon, Yu-Gi-Oh and Dragonball Z !
i enjoy alot of anime there was on that made me cry (Not alot can do that) and i belive it was Clannad ..... But i watch anime night and day if im not doing somthing :3
Anime is just the best ever!!! Im always finding new animes that I love!!!they are so awesome!!!!!!!!!!
I like the Nana manga. 
But my favorite anime are Death note and Eflen Lied.
Naruto, vampire knight and school rumble ^^
Bleach and Naruto
pokemans, naruto, gurren lagann, soul eater, yu gi oh
OH and mah fav pokeman iz CHARMANDER 
My Neighbor Totoro
Gundam Wing, Gravitation, Uta No Prince Sama, Togainu No Chi, Kuroshitsuji, Death Note, Vampire Knight, Strawberry Panic, Fairy Tail, Naruto, Hikaru No Go, Full Metal Alchemist and sooo many more
fav anime: Kaichou wa Maid Sama, My wife is a highschool Girl and Clannad (even though I havent finished it derp)
fav anime movie:Howl's Moving Castle
fav pokemon: Giratina
					
					

Ouran  host club
Naruto

ill watch these two all day
I love a lot of Anime, but my favs are Clannad, Clannad: After Story, Death Note, and Ghost In The Shell SAC
Death Note and heaps of others mentioned on here already xD
Spirited Away
Death Note
Fullmetal Alchemist
Soul Eater

Crona and L are sooo epic ^.^
Deathnote :3
Zombie Loan, K-ON, Naruto, Bleach, Antique Bakery, many others which names I cannot think of at the moment xD
bakuman 
Ergo proxy, Vampire Hunter D, Claymore.
again, full metal panic!!! watch it people! death note
Naruto,Bleach and fullmetal alchemis
have i sed Witch blade already?
love hina!
Im a total yaoi fangirl xD -fist pump-right now my favs are: Koisuru Boukun,Gravitation(
wow, no Sailor Moon love?

currently watching The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya. Diggin' it.

Features: Voices of a Distant Star, Spirited Away, Howls Moving Castle, Princess Mononoke, Cowboy Bebop: The Movie
Series: Sailor Moon, Mobile Suit Gundam: The 8th MS Team, Str.A.In., Rumbling Hearts, Love Hina, Full Metal Panic, Initial D, Karin, Helsing, Hell Girl, Angel Beats, SuperGALS, Highschool of the Dead
dont even get me started!! im a cosplay model- therefor anime is my lifeee!
Another (BEST HORROR ANIME EVER!!!), No.6, Eflen Lied, Naruto/Naruto Shippuden, Soul Eater, Angel Beats.
					
					

Black Butler, Oraun Highschool Host club, Angel Beats, SGT Frog.
xD I just love love love anime/manga:3 I like all Hayao Miyazaki's movies ^.^, Naruto, Pretear, Peach Girl, Fairy Tail, Pokemon, & moreee to name:P
Top Five Anime In No Particular Order:Hell GirlChobitsAzumanga DaiohLucky StarAngel BeatsFavorite Pokemon:Mew is my homie.
sailor moon, fruits basket, ouran high school host club, bleach, vampire knight, 

my favorite pokemon is mew
if i think about naming all of them my head will explode...but my favorite pocket monster would be mewtwo...because he's the strongest...scientist and professors have proven it
Ouran high school host club, soul eater, the future diary 
fav manga - Soul Eater and Death Note
fav characters - Death the Kid and Ryuk
If you guy like Manga then you guy should read Teen Spirit
but it mostly about music and bands
Has anyone ever seen this movie? It's actually quite an amazing movie. It's all in Polish, so you have to read the English subtitles, but you get used to it. It really captures the feeling, I think, of bullying and how some kids will react to it. Very well done.
I saw it ^ ^ And I didn't have to read subtitles cuz I'm Polish mrahahah (yeah me rules).
Here it was very popular at the time. Many ppl made comments about emo after watching it... Even if the word emo didn't appear there. But it was somhow connected to the stereotypes. I recommend it :3
OMG, I was watching it the other day, tho I didn't get to finish it yet
hmmmmm...i shall watch it tonight
Personally I hate the new TMNT.  It's way too childish(Yes, I am aware this is a children's show) So, what do you think?
I like the old more but the new tmnt is good to
I love the old teenage mutant ninja turtles
agreed
agreed
indeed
Of course the old one x3
tis not even a question...huh!
Lol well I've heard some ppl say the new 1 is way better, and I was like wtf?
WHO KNOWS ABOUT HOMESUCK ON THIS WEBSITE
obviously no one
I dO mOtHeRfUcKeR..HoNk
I do :3 hehe
uuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...homewha?
well I haven't seen ted yet and i'm really wanting to see it
Ooh, I heard that was a good movie haha
yeah same here I live in farm land so if i want to go see a movie it takes an hr
skyfall
I am sharing this for the consideration of people who like a good scare. This video isn't necessarily a pop-up but it's a pretty creepy video. I got it from Creepy Pasta  I love that website xD. Watch at your own risk. There is a pretty scary picture in this video if you watch far enough in it.
Not scary.... -___-
Well you people are awfully strong xDDD Like this scared the complete crap outta me lol.
where was it?? O.o
Patrick: where did Spongebob go?
Slenderman: *static* (I killed him now give me $20!!!!)
is that it? i thought something was wrong with my laptop but there couldn't be cause i just got aids protectors for it...oh wait!...was i suppose to watch it in the dark?O.ohmmmmmmmmmmmm i shall try that now

that was...odd
For the fans of Kuroshitsuji II(Black Butler 2)Who is better? Sebastian and Ciel, or Claude and Alouise? I love Sebastian!
Sebby & Ciel
XD
This is Sims3 Black Veil Brides Gangnam style!!! 
its funny!!!
I was asked this today and I said Mario is definately a Donkey Kong Character. He was in the orignal Donkey Kong arcade game long before any Mario games came out.
Ahh idk...i assume so I guess. Arent theyre both created by the same person?
ANY BAND NAMES YOU THINK R FUNNY POST THEM... SURE YOU CAN MAKE SOME UP
i'll start ''GIDDY UP GANGSTA"... there actually good
butthole surfurs..yes they're real
3OH3!
sky eats airplane...
ICP a.k.a insane clown posse
eat a hellicopter yes there real
nine inch nails
non made sense...(ooo beat that)
milk the cow,i swear to god this is a band
see you next tuesday
See You Tomorrow
dead on arrival
stomp the roach
i wrestled a bear once
suck my dick
misstalica
match head
when only darkness remains (all black band) my friend keyon's bands in rialto cali
really ive never heard of an all black band,before
check'em out on youtube... i think they have a mexi guitarist now oh yeah LIVING COLOUR is all black to but there kinda old
OMG i love thier song a cult of personality,i thought the band that made that song was white,wow i just learned something new :3
yup oo i got one ... OOMPH ... the german band
Dope
Placebo.
Limp Bizkit
cannabis corpes
Sister Run Naked 
between the buried and me
Was I Naked 
Who The Hell Are You?
Your Naked Mother	
Zombies Under Stress
An Emotional Fish
The Amazing Embarrasonic Human Karaoke Machine
Big Balls and the Great White Idiot
eatmewhileimhot.  Was that said already? I didnt feel like look at the 1st page so...idk.
ICP a.k.a insane clown posse
I Set My Friends On Fire.... And Jack Off Jill
LOL sounds like a werid band name. there first album could be IDK. =-)
Papa roach.
mushroom heads
Dead Mau5 & Justin Bieber.
Justin Biebers such a stupid name.
Dead Mau5 & Justin Bieber.Justin Biebers such a stupid name.i totally agree
ANY BAND NAMES YOU THINK R FUNNY POST THEM... SURE YOU CAN MAKE SOME UPD.R.U.G.S it stands for soemthing i forget what tho
eatmewhileimhot
northie
forever the sickest kids
scary kids scaring kids
drowning pool
get scared
goodnight nurse
the medic droid
monster goes rawr
razed in black
The offspring...
Goatwhore...hehe
Panic! at the Disco

30 seconds to mars

Jimmy eat world

lolz
eatmewhileimhotoh my god i LOVE that band hahaha xD
ANY BAND NAMES YOU THINK R FUNNY POST THEM... SURE YOU CAN MAKE SOME UPMe and my friend are starting a band by combining screamo with dubstep. our name will be "now thats just filthy" its kinda funny
Eatmewhileimhot

and they have a song called Ihitasquirlitchangedmylife.

look it up on youtube- and the song title has nothing to do with the song.
D.R.U.G.S it stands for soemthing i forget what thoDestroy Rebuild Until God Shows.
iwresledabearonce
brokencyde, fall out boy, death cab for cutie.
scarykidscaringkids.....luv them
Alabama Thunderpussy yes that's a real band
i set my friends on fire
iwrestledabearonce, I Fight Dragons, I Set My Friends On Fire, D.R.U.G.S. (Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows)

The Devil Wears Prada has really funny song names. Like I Hate Buffering and HTML Rulez Dood
					
					

iwrestledabearonce
EatMeWhileImHot
Porno for Pyros

No Idea Who Comes Up With These Names...
Stenchman
I love him, look him up his titles are completely messed up lol (Big Trouble in Little Vagina; Coin Grab Fucktard; Purple Cow) the names have nothing to do with the songs (:
And my friends have a band named Death by Orgasm
...lol, those losers.... I love yuu guys XD
ummm....
eatmewhileimhot! has some funny song names...like mustache and the two-armed man
I set my friends on fire - real band
Timothy was a mule - My friends band
rioting ninja narwhals - My band D:
					
					

the band smashing pumpkins. its weird but its a good band.
BRIAN (banging round in aliens nappies) just made it up
the cockroaches
I Wrestled A Bear Once.
Eatmewhileimhot
scarykidsscaringkids
Papa Roach
and
The Fuzzy Bunnies Of Death 
Loded Diper- In The Story, "Diary Of A Wimpy Kid" (Fake Band)
the beatles....why the beatles??
PORCELAIN And The Tramps but i like some songs like this one
oceans ate alaska

chomp chomp attack

anal vomit
HAPPY TREE FRIENDS : P
"i had a hunger only hands could feed"
llamas with hats
Happy tree friends x3  my  mum brought it by accident thinking it was a little kids show xD
Llamas with hats. "Im making a meat drive, not just any meat will do." orphan mean :3
Happy tree friends x3  my  mum brought it by accident thinking it was a little kids show xDthats what I thought it was at first XD
I love both  it's hard to choose...
Llamas with hats all the way
Definitely Happy Tree Friends xD
Lllama's with hats... llamas are my fav animal.
So I walked up to him and I stabbed him 37 times in the chest. CAAARRLLL! That kills people! Oh, oh wow. I didn't know that
So like, I've been in love with game ever since I was little. It's an amazing game. xD Anyone else just love this game?
OMG YES, i love this game, but why is there no demyx  he's awesome
I chose Cloud .
Epic gaaaaaame. And sephiroth is the best character 
Lol I know there are a million amazing characters 
Like I could talk for HOURS maybe even DAYS about this game :DDDD I love Axel's Chakrams. Epic weapon
Hecks yeah! I think Cloud's Buster Blade is awesome too. And Riku's sword
i have all the kh games even the ones on psp, ds, gba. that game awesome times 10
love kh tbh 
I absolutely adore Kingdom Hearts. Ima change my name to Kairi. ;D
Haha, that's either extreme devotion... Or you're insane XD are you a band kid soph? Hahaha
A band kid? o.O
Well yeah, being a band kid would explain insanity!
What's a band kid? Haha. Excuse my ignorance. xD
A kid... Who's in band... XDD
Omg I love all of you now 
I wish some would! Punt practice XD
OH. Well....fair enough. LOL. I'm sorta in a band ;D Ima musician though! Haha. (:
Nice
I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!! I played it since the first day it came out  the whole series!!!!  cant wait for kh 3d
Kingdomhearts is amazing I have like 7 shirts of it :3
when the day comess... i am going to get the kingdom hearts game for 3ds!!  i have played every single one... oWo
Psh I know, it's epic
YES! 
I'm a Sora lover!! a very big Sora lover so much so my friends call me Sora my hair sometimes looks like him and I wear a lot of things similar to him as well as cosplaying. He's such a ball of sunshine I can't help but love him
Kingdom Hearts was my first PS2 game and I still stick to the series like duck tape on top of super glue. I wait for every single game and I want to stick with it till the very end of the franchise.
AXEL for the win xD
Sooo for those of you who have seen it (amazing) 


Who's your favorite VK character? 


Kaname all the way! :DDD 
Zero comes close though .
omgs!! ZERO, YUKI AND KANAME!!! .
zero. definitely zero. 
zero is da best hands down. im going 2 stael him
I'd kill for Kaname! xD
i want senri OMGSHHHHH HE IS SO SO CUTE XD I LOVE HIM AND ZERO
Aidou and Senri.Click for pic. xDThey're cute as fudge!Kaname's a close third.
					
					

i like the child version of zero, and his brother.
hanabusa i think thats how u say it
My favorite character's are  Ichijo Takuma and Shiki Senri! 
Zero 
Kain Akatsuki (or vice versa:P)   lol
Who's your favorite video game character?
Cloud
Sora
Axel
Naruto
Garra
Sonic 
Dante
Juliet
Link ..memo x3
PeinOrochimaruBipolar JugoKakuzu
Ryu Hayabusa
Goku
Axel
Sonic
& more~
^GOKU HECKS YEAH
What is your favorite online video game Mine is League of Legends
Rumble fighters
league of legends. world of Warcraft is ok. i really enjoy dragons nest too. but LOL is number one
Minecraft multiplayer is neat
minecraft or world of warcraft
Aion and Guild Wars 2
league of legends. world of Warcraft is ok. i really enjoy dragons nest too. but LOL is number one^ agreed
awww so cute :3
Holy fucking shit

THERE'S NO WAY IN HELL THAT'S A REAL DOG
Is his name boo?
His name is Boo and he is the cutest dog in the world..... He reminds me of a teddy bear!
Holy fucking shitTHERE'S NO WAY IN HELL THAT'S A REAL DOGits real lol...he's a pomerrainian dog thing (cant spell it)they just gave him a crazy haircut lol xD
It's Boo!  He ish so cutee!! :3
HE ISN'T REAL
That dog isnt cute and Im sure its not real...it looks like a stuffed animal.
It looks good but if you feed it after midnight it trys to kill everyone. And if you try and wash it, it will multiply. BE WARNED
HE IS REAL!!
So so so so so so... cute
Now, I enjoyed the Hunger Games, I really did. But I still give it a 7 out of 10.
I would love to go on and on about how awful some of the costumes were (there were some exceptions)
But the guy who did them, is also Lady GaGa's personal designer so I guess we should blame him rather than the movie.

I felt though, as if some of the scenes were cut too much. The story seemed to go a bit too fast.
I wish they had done a little more on the rebellion of district 13, however, I suppose viewers will find more about that in the next movie, Catching Fire.


I believe the acting was pretty good, they could not have chosen a better girl to play Katniss Everdeen than Jennifer Lawrence. And for the girls- personally, Peeta and Gale were a lot cuter than I imagined they'd be.

I'd also like to point out that quite a few things were changed, such as when it is announced that 2 canidates can win if they're from the same district, in the cave, when the soup arrives. In the book it's noted that Katniss makes this soup herself and sleeping pills are sent by parachute. Also they failed to introduce  the woman with no tounge--- yet----. I have a feeling we'll be seeing her in the next movie.

Over all, this was quite a good beginning to the Hunger Games, I believe we'll see more suspense as the 2nd movie comes around. I believe that the 3rd movie, Mockingjay, will be found to be the best movie(rebellion and all) out of the 3.

However, a person who just saw the movie and did not read the book first would find the Hunger Games to be maybe an 8 or 9. Some said there should have been more technology.

Anyways, hoped you enjoyed the movie as much as I did.
I can't wait for the next movie to come out.
I'm going to have to watch just to see these costumes now... 

I wasn't going to bother watching originally.
Lol I laughed hard.. the costumes went from okay to plain ridiculous
Off topic but there was a commercial for a movie where president Abe Lincoln is a vampire hunter.. what's happening to movies? Sheesh.
oh abraha linclon as a vamp hunter xD ive seen previews for that
i would watch abe but not the hunger games...I dunno. they don't seem interesting enough
I thought it was alright, but indeed the costumes were over the top.
who are your fav anime characters in soul eater and deathnote?
DEATH NOTE OMFG!!!!!!!!!
I luv L n Misa 

DEATH NOTE OMFG!!!!!!!!!
I luv L n Misa 

I love both of those animes so muchh for soul eater I would say Maka and for death note, Light. I know that they are the main characters and basically everyone would love them but I just can't help it .
I love both of those animes so muchh for soul eater I would say Maka and for death note, Light. I know that they are the main characters and basically everyone would love them but I just can't help it .
lol you mentioned my username idk what soul eater is, and my fave for death note is L Oh! I just noticed haha xDsoul eater is just about people who want to make their weapons (that have a mind of their own) into a death scythe. well basically and it really centers around that girl maka albarn and soul eater and their friends. its pretty good and funny i loved it (:
oh, that sounds good!   i think i might check it out
L is amazing.
Deathnote FTW  
'Nuff said.
L is amazing.Deathnote FTW  'Nuff said.AGREED
The Reaper in Soul Eater ;3 he's funny an kinda creepy. idk a lot of cool ppl but i hate Black Star, wat ever his name is.
Yeah L is just epic!
Yeah L is just epic!agreed!!!
My favorite character is L 
mine in deathnote is rauk and in soul eater is soul and blair
ryuk is cool too
OMG!!!!!!! DEATH NOTE is the best. and who wouldnt love L , he is the best eva!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hes so random XD
Soul Eater: its between  Death the Kid, Lord Death, Soul Eater and black star (i cant decide .
sweet!! ^-^
I luv it how ryuk is addicted to apples n goes spazo wen he cnt eat dem....
Crazy handstands!!
I luv it how ryuk is addicted to apples n goes spazo wen he cnt eat dem....
Crazy handstands!!
hahahaha yeah!!!! and when he cant eat the apple cause of the cameras and he literally goes crazy!!!!
Hehe yea but it b soo kool if he just ate apples n freakd evry1 out coz they just c a disappearin apple...lol!
Hehe yea but it b soo kool if he just ate apples n freakd evry1 out coz they just c a disappearin apple...lol!
Hehe yea but it b soo kool if he just ate apples n freakd evry1 out coz they just c a disappearin apple...lol!
Hehe yea XD
XD
L is awesome and the best!!!!
he so funny too
I luv d way he turns pgs in books, types n holds his fone XD
Oh n d way he sits! ADORABLE
its funny XD
I wanna eat sugury stuff 24/7 n not get fat D:
me too D:
D: meh threes
L is awesome
L
I luv it how ryuk is addicted to apples n goes spazo wen he cnt eat dem....Crazy handstands!!Shyes :DDD 2nd favorite character right there
My fav Death Note characters are L, Mello, & Ryuk!!!
SOUL EATER FUCK YOU ALL!!!! MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, ...lets see, dont like black star (doesn't he remind you of naruto) my fav characters are crona and death the kid "symetry is everything"
EVEN YOUR BOOBS ARE UN SYMETRICAL! * gets punched in face!*
L forever 
XD death the kid
XD
My fav Death Note characters are L, Mello, & Ryuk!!!\OMGs!!! same!!! they are like the best!!!
Check out some of my art on the iPhone XD
Soul Eater: BlackstarDeath Note:Matt:)
My fav characters from Soul Eater are Soul and Death the Kid.
Me and my cousin was watching A movie the other day and we say some kind of advertisement about Bleach. She said it was stupid and I can't seem to coerce her into watching one of the episodes I have so I'm making this thread so I can show her that it's not just me and my weirdness that love Bleach and to show her what she is missing because I really really want to prove her wrong for once lolz
yeah my bother kind of the same way with bleach or anything like it sometimes t.v shonws like that r u like it or u don't. But i didn't get my sister to watch naruto with me some years back and she really girly if u know what i mean
yeah I know what you mean
Hallow Ichigo Vs Sage naruto
Ever had a ragequit on a game? U got so mad that u just quit it?
yeah all the time playing mw3 LOL
yeah all the time playing mw3 LOLcourse you would shawn  and almost never for me
No. I'm totally calm. I don't throw things at the tv at all... 
I've never snapped a Battlefield 3 disk in half either.
The fuck you talking bout rage.
Do I even need to say anything ?
ami rages at slenderman
No, I don't rage. 

I fucking RAGE.
Yep
i saw resident evil retribution, and a few notes on it : 
THe fight scenes were never taken as far as they could have gone, with the exeption of some of alice's fight scenes.
casting johann urb as Leon was a horrible mistake.
where the hell was chris?
im just sayn' that the potential of the name was never quite reached, but as far as the general movie goes, pretty good.

who has seen resident evil retribution will agree that the potential of Leon was never even slightly reached.
So true.

ohh ive watched the first one xD

i came across these ^vv^
VERY CUTE!
hehehe xD
Keep posting videos.Lets make this topic a sticky.
hahaha WATCHY WATCHY WATCHY!
Do we got any doctor who or supernatural lovers?
Supernatural FOREVER...
Supernatural !!!
Supernatural Lover lolz
er mah gerd, dr who.
SUPERNATURAL!!!!!! 
Only one doctor who???!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? im shocked
Personally, I love Gabriel Iglesias aka "Fluffy"
Of course I also love Nick Swardson's stand up
and also love Dane Cook.


When I'm feeling sad, I'll just watch these guys
FLUFFY!  
Kevin Hart
DESTERY MOOOREEEE
He's not like...one of those scary stand up comedian people.
Just a youtuber thing.
But he's bleeping funny.
So yeah~
Dane cook and Brian Regan x3 I love them!
When in doubt- turn to Comedy Central xD Kevin Hart is pretty good too
Jake and Amir from Collegehumor. They are HILARIOUS!!!
Jimoin n Adam Hills
rodney rude kevin bloody rude and sheldon cooper  lol
* heart*
I also love  Gabriel Iglesias aka "Fluffy" and Jim Jeffries!!
who is this "fluffy" guy?
who is this "fluffy" guy?Look him up! There are 7 layers of fat... He's funny.My favorite correspond with SuicideDoll...
Daniel Tosh *.* dk y
Fluffy, Tosh, KEVIN HART! Dunham, ugh... So many to list
TIM MINCHIN FOREVER 
russell brand=)
Lano n Woodley XD
Umbilical Brothers 


KEVIN HART Umbilical Brothers and Hamish and ANdy xD
My favorite would have to be Gabriel Iglesias, Dane Cook and Jeff Dunham (puppet master)  AND especially Ellen Degeneres
					
					

I don't consider Ellen to be a comedian, although she can be funny ;D
anything on comedy central
Mr Bean xD
Random Order: Daniel Tosh, Dane Cook, Jeff Dunham, Nick Swardson, Kevin Hart, Gabriel Eglesias and....
ME!!! ="D
Danny Bhoy is funny
lano n woodly xD
Fluffy,Keavin Heart,Kat Williams,Aries Spears,Destery More,D-trix,Nigahiga,And Dunham!
Fluffy,Keavin Heart,Kat Williams,Aries Spears,Destery More,D-trix,Nigahiga,And Dunham! i havent heard of them...Fawlty Towers is funny xD
You guys should check out Emo Phillips, probably the best emo in standup comedy!
lol ^
Fluffy guy 

Rowan Atkinson is the king of comedy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bo Burnham
Katt williams FTW
anybody else watch them? they're hilarious XD
Bryan Stars is annoying. He isnt funny and the interviews he does are boring as fuck.
Bryan Stars is annoying. He isnt funny and the interviews he does are boring as fuck.  I like it. I just don't like a majority of the people he interviews
I love the hour-long BOTDF interview. XD
I love the hour-long BOTDF interview. XDlol i watched half of it
lol i watched half of it Which half?
i dont know O-o i just watched the whole thing tho

LOL.
lol i watched half of it  i watched all 10 time hehe "not rape he just slipped and fell o0n it
lol haha
OhMyGod. I love Psy C:
Ish Oppa C:

I was dancing to this in the mall C:
oh me and a couple of my Korean friends did a dance cover of this. LOL ^O^
The singer dude person who created this was on the Ellen show a few weeks ago c:
The singer dude person who created this was on the Ellen show a few weeks ago c:i saw bits of that xD they all danced n britney spears did it too lol
That's amazing

MY VOCAL INSTRUCTOR WAS LISTENING TO THAT O.O

i wonder how so many people like this song.

It's so wierd!
I danced with my friends this retareded dance in the school. So amazing!!!
Whenever this song comes on people yell at me to dance because "I'm asian and this is my asian theme song."
I used to like it and now it's so mainstream I wanna punch myself.
Whenever this song comes on people yell at me to dance because "I'm asian and this is my asian theme song."I used to like it and now it's so mainstream I wanna punch myself.ahah XD that's just kinda racist XD but funny..and yeah....the song makes me go insane a bit :3
i cant dance the dance xD
Such a good song but i'm ashamed to admit i have it on my ipod..... D: 
O.O
how do people like this?
i 
FFS!
ITS EVERYWHERE! 
-____-
Open condom star!
Open condom star!lmao
that dance is so weird i cant do it
i cant do it either...
lol so randumxD
i wish i cud do the dance xD lol
lets tell joke post ur jokes here and we can try to make a joke book lol

dad and son build a shed dad hits his thumb and says shit lil boy asks what shit ment dad replys it means dinner son
so they get back to building this shed when dad hits his thumb again and says bastard son says to dad what bastard ment dad says neighbors son son say ok so they finish the shed off and it falls down dad says fuck sons says whats that means dad ad says getting dressed son says ok so later on dad pulls out the bbq and tell his son to go invite the neighbors over 4 tea so son goes next door and knocks on the door and the neighbor answers the door son says hey ya bastard shits on the table and mums up stairs getting fucked lol
how do you confussed a irish man put him in a round room and tell him to find the corner
please post some of you jokes
why didn't the skeleton cross the road cause he didn't have the guts to
why did the skeleton go to the bbq to get some spear ribs
mommy mommy do i need this as little boy points to his penis yes replys mum why do u ask no reason says little boy i just sore daddy trying to pull his off
mommy mommy our boarder must be a angle how do you know that ask's mum cause she in the shed with daddy and daddy is yelling o my god
doctor doctor i need to loes weight doctor says have u tyed eat food threw your ass no says patient well try that and come back in a week so the patient gos of and comes back a week later he sits down and starts wiggling around on the chair doctor sys what r u doing patient replys chewing on a mint
what is the differents between a hooker and a bowling ball nothing they both get picked up they both get fingered and they both get banged down a ally
health break threw doctors have just found away to infuss chicken blood in to our dna it will make males more cocky and women easier to lay
looks like ur the only one posting jokes
Late HomeTwo married buddies are out drinking one night when one turns to the other and says, "You know, I don't know what else to do. Whenever I go home after we've been out drinking, I turn the headlights off before I get to the driveway. I shut off the engine and coast into the garage. I take my shoes off before I go into the house, I sneak up the stairs, I get undressed in the bathroom. I ease into bed and my wife STILL wakes up and yells at me for staying out so late!"His buddy looks at him and says, "Well, you're obviously taking the wrong approach. I screech into the driveway, slam the door, storm up the steps, throw my shoes into the closet, jump into bed, rub my hands on my wife's ass and say, 'How about a blowjob?' ....And she's always sound asleep."
there was a asain a american and a german they had a dog that always farted so they tried to see if they could get it across a bridge with out farting so the german goes first he just gets on the bridge when the dog farts so he hands the lead to the american and walks over the bridge so the american goes across with the dog gets half way and the dog farts so he sends the dog back to the asain and walks on over the asain manages to cross the bridge with out the dog farting th american and german look at him and say how you do that asain replies me not stupid me not dumb me stick corkey up doggies bum
O.O wat the hell lolsWhy did the man need to get a new pair of work shoes??Coz the other pair didnt work!!!HAHAHAHAHAHA SUUUUU FUNNEHS!!i came up wiv it....O.o hopefully sum1 hasnt stolen it! IT WAS MEH JOKE MEH MADE UPS!!!!!! yes...i...know...it...L.A.M.E
its not lame..i just didnt get it at first:D
haha lols...
Three men go on holiday abroad together. The tourist office informs them that there is only one hotel in town with vacancies. The lads go along there, only to be told by reception that there is just one available room left in the hotel. They are not keen, but as it is their only option, they take the room for one evening and share its only bed. That night, they all enjoy a good night's sleep. In the morning, the guy on the right side of the bed says, "I dreamt I had the best wank last night." The guy on the left side says, "That's funny, I had the exact same dream!". The guy in the middle says, "I dreamt I was skiing."


love that joke lol 

why did the chicken cross the road to see his flat mate lololol
what do u call a pony who's a whore? A HORSE!

What do u say grassy ass in spanish? GRACIAS!


If you dont find these jokes funny is ok, Im not much of joker anyway
I'm not sure if you'll find this one funny but here goes:This boy has just taken his girlfriend back to her home after being out together, and when they reach the front door he leans with one hand on the wall and says to her, "Sweetie, why don't you give me a blowjob?""What? You're crazy!" she said."Look, don't worry," he said. "It will be quick, I promise you.""Nooooooo! Someone may see us, a neighbor, anybody...""At this time of the night no one will show up. Come on, sweetie, I really need it.""I've already said NO, and NO is final!""Honey, it'll just be a really small blowie... I know you like it too.""NO!!! I've said NO!!!" Desperately, he says, "My love, don't be like that. I promise you I love you and I really need this blowjob."At this moment the younger sister shows up at the door in her nightgown and her hair totally in disorder. Rubbing her eyes she says: "Dad says, 'Dammit, give him the blowjob or I'll have to blow him but for God's sake, tell your boyfriend to take his hand off the intercom button so the rest of the family can get some sleep.'"


I'm not sure if you'll find this one funny but here goes:This boy has just taken his girlfriend back to her home after being out together, and when they reach the front door he leans with one hand on the wall and says to her, "Sweetie, why don't you give me a blowjob?""What? You're crazy!" she said."Look, don't worry," he said. "It will be quick, I promise you.""Nooooooo! Someone may see us, a neighbor, anybody...""At this time of the night no one will show up. Come on, sweetie, I really need it.""I've already said NO, and NO is final!""Honey, it'll just be a really small blowie... I know you like it too.""NO!!! I've said NO!!!" Desperately, he says, "My love, don't be like that. I promise you I love you and I really need this blowjob."At this moment the younger sister shows up at the door in her nightgown and her hair totally in disorder. Rubbing her eyes she says: "Dad says, 'Dammit, give him the blowjob or I'll have to blow him but for God's sake, tell your boyfriend to take his hand off the intercom button so the rest of the family can get some sleep.'"now that was funny XDaccidentally hit the intercome button Jajajaja priceless
What do you call a lion in a desert?
Lost 
My lame corny jokes rule ^^
ha ha, atleast you actually came up with one,
hahahaha
crazy women cuts cheating husbands cock off with sissors and runs out side and jumps in taxi get a mile or two sown the run when she relises she still has the cock in her hand so she throws it out the window and it hits are car with two people in it 1 says what type or insect is that 2nd guy says fucked if i know but did u see the cock on it
O.O
o.o
lol wtf xD
Gril: You see two black roosters on a fance ok?
Guy: Ok..
Girl: How many legs do you see?
Guy : 4
Girl: How many heads do you see?
Guy: 2
Girl: How many teeth does a white cat have?
Guy: I dont know
Girl: Well you seem to know more about black cock then a white pussy 


WATCH IT!!LOLOLOL
looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
lolololololol
Some people really concern me, ya know?

WTF? XDDDDDDDDDD 5 seconds in I'm hilariously scarred for life XD
if in need of entertainment, look o further then SEVE KARDYNAL.
OMG LOLOLOL xD
how can ppl get that much confidence to do that xD
Lol

If I was in Miami, I wouldn't mind going and doing that EXCEPT FOR THE CONSTANT THRUSTING

And maybe if I were to take off my too tight purple shirt, I'll have a shirt under it.

I'm not THAT insane, Lawl
the world would be a better place if there were more people like him!!!!!!
i cudnt even get myself to dance in public .
I'm soooooo scared for all of yalls sanity.
LOLOL

It's okay though. 

Here, I'll go to several rollar rinks, sing to everyone in their face until I get kicked, and upload the video.

Happy? XD
ohh lololol xD
LOLOLOLL XD

i showed my sis
her reaction "what the hell did i just watch? O.o"
haha lol xD
yupp XD
lolololololol omfg ive seen it hilarious
HAHA i like the toughen up batman thing n the flies
hahaha xD the flies are my fave xD
I WANT THOSE FACEBOOK BUTTONS!!
hahaha xD the flies are my fave xDsame XD
lolziez xD
lololololololololol
OverKill: You play DnD so it's likely you even tried warhammer right?

EvilActivity: You could have me beat on that, I only play it once every couple of months now. Warhammer that is.

OverKill: Well, I haven't played it in several years, but I used to play it quite a bit. 

EvilActivity: I do still buy a book occasionally and I've got half an unpainted Imperial Guard army sitting on the back shelf of my closet. One of these days I'll dust it off and paint it up.

OverKill: Oh, that's neat, I have a 3,000 point fully-painted Iron Hands army I put together with a bunch of forge world bits and customization.

EvilActivity:  I also got a tournament ready 2,000 point Emperor's Children army that I ebayed and then converted and painted. I've also been thinking of starting an all Forge World Death Korps Army, but that might be a little cliche. Isn't everyone playing Death Korps now?

OverKill: What the fuck did you just say?!

EvilActivity: I was reading some tutorials on a modeling website on how to turn some Fantasy stuff into 40K. Make an IG army out of converted Fantasy stuff. Maybe I'll go with that.

OverKill: I played 40K a lot...in the...I had space marines!

EvilActivity: Heh, Space Marines are great if you're just starting out. A really good starting army. Good way to get into the game. For newbies. Easy to paint for kids.

OverKill: Are you being a dick to me?

EvilActivity: I'm sorry...?  o__O'

OverKill:  I wasn't telling you to be mean about Warhammer, I was just saying this was like an exercise.

EvilActivity: It's grim and dark,  and there is only war. Pretty much as advertised. Lots of big battles. Skeletons everywhere. Dead bodies. Monsters. Robots. Gotta be mean about it.

OverKill: Everything has to be grim and dark all the time?

EvilActivity: There is only war dude!

OverKill: That's impossible. There has to be people getting married and having kids and going to school. The galaxy wouldn't function without all that stuff. They wouldn't be able to have a war.

EvilActivity: Oh, this again. The whole "Where does Chaos get drinking water?" thing.

OverKill:  It's a valid question. Just because they're evil doesn't mean they can stop drinking water.

EvilActivity: You're talking about demons from another dimension 38,000 years in the future.

OverKill: All I'm saying is when NASA sends a probe to Mars they don't go looking for skulls, they go looking for water, and there's a reason for that.

EvilActivity: The reason is that NASA is going to get its rovering butt kicked by some serious skull-faced bad dude with a chainsaw.

OverKill: Theres no reasoning with you is there? The next time we cover 40K it is going to be all the worst of the worst. All the bad old artwork and stupid races that they got rid of 15 years ago.

EvilActivity: Some day some real alien civilization is going to sift through the rotting remains of mankind and come to the conclusion that elves were just another one of our ethnic groups.

OverKill: Oh yeah.... talk nerdy to me.... you warhammer succubus you.

EvilActivity: In Warhammer the closest thing to a succubus is crossed with a lobster. And they have a minotaur thing with one boob, but that doesn't really count.

Overkill:  No it totally does. I'll take it. I will take that boob!

EvilActivity: Any teet in a storm, any hooter on an ork eh?

OverKill: You really want to know?

EvilActivity: Mate, I think you should keep your fantasy to yourself. You don't have the burden of hearing me go off about fucking your Orks and hover bikers and your uncle while the space clam watches.....  In the mother fucking slam sector!

OverKill: I want to visit the Slam Sector now. Slam Sector is the coolest! The clam watching though... wtf??

EvilActivity:  Give it up, you love me and you love warhammer. Dude, don't even try to be anti-space clam. It's freaking space clam!

OverKill: I don't mind what they do in the privacy of their own homes. I just don't want my children being exposed to the space clam agenda.

EvilActivity: Yeah you're kinda right..... There's no workout quite like war. Ceaseless, all-consuming, desperate galactic war. Really gets you ready to fight a fucking clam..... Ow fuck man... realization hurts... T.T

OverKill: It does, Only a little. You get over it.

EvilActivity: That sort of logic is definitely alive and well in current Warhammer. This is the game where people fly across the galaxy in a space ship the size of a city all so they can land on a planet and sword fight with sea life.

Overkill: Yeah but it's a "chainsaw" sword fight

EvilActivity: I guess it's sort of inevitable. If you equip an entire army with chainsaws and guns at some point they're going to make up an excuse to set down the guns and just swing the chainsaws around like lunatics.

OverKill: That was how we lost Vietnam

EvilActivity: Don't believe everything the liberal media tells you, Thomas. America didn't "lose" Vietnam. Nixon offered to cut the country in half like Korea, but when the North Vietnamese freaked out he knew they were the real mother.

OverKill: Like that dude in the Bible.

EvilActivity: Yes, sure.... in most ways Nixon was indistinguishable from Christ..... 
why do you keep making new threads
Seeing as no one cares I believe you should just stop. You have not contributed anything. You just complain.
Warhammer = My Entire Childhood  still have my army all in it's case. Wood Elves for me!
Hobbyisy nerd has created - new online vent thread!

Ironic, isn't it?
It's my source of entertainment, your aproval not be required. I don't go to threads telling people to stop getting off to BOTDF posters. Or tell them to stop signing up as brides maid for this BVB army. (though I think some one should not gonna lie about it.)

For you to contiue trying to pick a fight with me?? You are a fascinating creature: I don't know whether to laugh at you outright or pull out my abnormal psychology reference manual to see how you rate for your histrionic, narcissistic, and antisocial behaviors.
It's my source of entertainment, your aproval not be required. I don't go to threads telling people to stop getting off to BOTDF posters. Or tell them to stop signing up as brides maid for this BVB army. (though I think some one should not gonna lie about it.)For you to contiue trying to pick a fight with me?? You are a fascinating creature: I don't know whether to laugh at you outright or pull out my abnormal psychology reference manual to see how you rate for your histrionic, narcissistic, and antisocial behaviors.The approval is coming from the person that's likely to make you go away once you are no longer amusing.  I'm waiting for her to make her move.All I really have to point out about you that everyone else noticed:-Paranoid-Attempts to look intelligent-Set-off by excessively small things-Attempt to use bigger words/longer posts in attempt to look correct or otherwise attempt to mislead people into thinking you have intelligence.-Obsessed with out-of-the-ordinary miniscule tasks or "problems"All of that without really having to do much to prove it.  Need I use my superior education?  Nope.
You people actually read that? I stopped on the first line.
you are one of a few people who i feel it's best for everyone if you just stay in kitchenpic related
Do I care that if he is a mod? Oh nooo I scured of the big bad eternetz!  You want to go  to town on me for sounding "smart" and "well-educated," because I already been in the argument that I am surely losing 90% of the men who might otherwise be interested in me. I am so pretty, they explained. Why jump through so many hoops to sound intelligent when it turns so many men off? In other words, if I just posted my picture with the text, "Hi. boys... come get me," I'd be flooded with fabulous men and attention worth my time....?

Another guy accused me of affecting scholarliness ("affecting" it as if a professional academic, who is hired to be scholarly, is faking it). My language, according to him, "has the effect of distancing yourself from your audience by representing yourself as part of an exclusive group of people who wish to be recognized as being more thoughtful and better educated than the rest of us. In other words you are trying too hard to be perceived as intelligent."

I make no apologies for who I am, for my wits, for my education and for the fact that I use language in casual conversation that the vast majority of the English-speaking world has to look up. Anti-intellectualism blended in with misogyny is about the worst combination there is. I will thank you to not visit my threads if you dislike them that much. Idiot.
but they give us so much entertainment to point out how stupid you are.Quoted for Truth.because I already been in the argument that I am surely losing 90% of the men who might otherwise be interested in me. I am so pretty, they explained.Was this before or AFTER they were drinking heavily at the bar?Another guy accused me of affecting scholarlinessYou're really going to try to fake a story like that?I make no apologies for who I am, for my wits, for my educationYou're quite lacking in all of those departments.  Quite easy for you to attempt length (though crap doesn't exactly count as good reading material) and claim it's psychological education.
If you spend a majority of your time bashing women/gays/minorities/anyone with a dissenting opinion from your own, and you haven't (and you never, never will) yet found an adequate justification for any of your bigotry, then you should just remove yourself from the gene pool (through castration, hopefully) and save the world another generation of your unnessesary hate fulled logic. I have had enough of negative people that take delight in finding faults in others in any which way they can. Why can't these individuals be happy in themselves I wonder.  


--- I'll leave them there and continue forging my path. Others with similar herd mentality will be along to join them shortly they can bleat amongst themselves about how horrible it is when sweet young autistic girls stop being victims and turn into heinous opinionated bitches.... ---
If you spend a majority of your time bashing women/gays/minorities/anyone with a dissenting opinion from your ownumm no-one is doing that o_oand you haven't (and you never, never will) yet found an adequate justification for any of your bigotryit's fun, everyone else agree's, got nothing better to do at the moment.you should just remove yourself from the gene pool (through castration, hopefully) and save the world another generation of your unnessesary hate fulled logic. hate filled logichate filled random crap. so we win Why can't these individuals be happy in themselves I wonder. i cant speak for everyone but im happy with myself o_o it's just you im disappointed ini figured out quotes :DDD
If you spend a majority of your time bashing women/gays/minorities/anyone with a dissenting opinion from your own, and you haven't (and you never, never will) yet found an adequate justification for any of your bigotry, then you should just remove yourself from the gene pool (through castration, hopefully) and save the world another generation of your unnessesary hate fulled logic. I have had enough of negative people that take delight in finding faults in others in any which way they can. Why can't these individuals be happy in themselves I wonder.  --- I'll leave them there and continue forging my path. Others with similar herd mentality will be along to join them shortly they can bleat amongst themselves about how horrible it is when sweet young autistic girls stop being victims and turn into heinous opinionated bitches.... ---I "bash" anything of which uses emotion and complete lack of logic over fact, which is quite like yourself.  The only bigotry is those that fail to learn, udnerstand, or comprehend something of which they demand change to.  If people were intelligent enough or educated enough they would simply make something new, rather than attempting to force their views&beliefs upon general society.  So the onloy real bigotry is people quite such as yourself tossing around childish name-calling when someone opposes you.Are you going to keep trying?  It's still rather amusing how hard you're trying.Also, you never answered the part about if the said people only found you pretty after consuming alcohol.


Uuummm... I don't get the point of this thread...
Why do all of you have to be so mean to her.
Seriously, I have said many times, and I shall say it again, "If you don't fucking like the thread, don't fucking comment." God, acting like children, they are.
ah you archived this! thanks, if i had a facebook id facebook this if I had tweeter i'd tweet it. Ect ect.
I need a new non-resreach interest.... I have read nearly every article on crimelibrary.com. I guess I just have a lot of morbid curiosity concerning the subject of serial killers. I don't know why I find them fascinating. Jack The Ripper, My favorite among many others, I can't stop reading and watching movies/tv shows about them. Mostly because I would like to know WHY they do certain things to certain people. I usually wince in disgust when I watch it, when I see these people's lives taken away from them, in morbid and horrible ways, just because someone just wanted to.

OverKill: okay what is this?? Looks stupid.EvilActivity: The Chain is supposed to be Latino right? Cause Asians don't have to escape barrios... OverKill: Uh, excuse me waiter, I asked for my misshapen Asian without pepperoni. I say Asian.EvilActivity: Asian or Latino, his supposedly gorgeous Special Forces leg looks like a half-digested earthworm being regurgitated out of a bird's mouthOverKill: I wonder if Army recruiters try to sell people on how sweet being a commando or whatever can make your legs look. That's probably not to effective with most dudes.EvilActivity: Yeah, these ASVAB scores are incredible. Truly incredible, son. You can have your pick of MOS. Say, I was just noticing your gorgeous legs. Did you know that MOS 0311 includes a special course just for toning up your legs? Absolutely, just sign here. Oorah!OverKill:  My uncle was a Marine and he would walk around the house all the time saying "Oorah!" and not even knowing it. It wasn't loud like that Al Pacino movie where he's blind, he'd just be working on his car or out back digging a hole or something and he'd stop and wipe some sweat off his face and say, "Oorah." Even though he didn't know I was watching him out the window and nobody was around.EvilActivity: Yeah, I know the last time I was spying on my uncle and watching him do yard work I- what the fuck is wrong with you, Thomas? Were his gorgeous legs mesmerizing you?OverKill: No, he had a heart attack like a month earlier and I wanted to see if he had another one, but he didn't right then. He had one blowing out candles at a birthday party like two months later though and they got it on video which I think is illegal because he died from that heart attack, but not right then he died like three days later.EvilActivity: Maybe he wished he was dead.OverKill: who knows....EvilActivity: Oorah!!

yup....
yup....I see that, and raise you this.
Oorah! Thanks for stalking I hope you found what you where looking for!
Wait. Stalking? How?
who else was trying to cry with the king from BBC 2? lol
Hands down the best definition or example of a sociopath to be found today is in the person of Eric Cartman. One should particularly look in to the case where Eric Cartman entices and then imprisons Leopold "Butters" Stoch in a fall out shelter, so as to assume Butters place on a field trip to Casa Bonita.
I don't know what cartman is. I never encountered another charecter like him in my entire existence. I definately can't relate. He is awful but he still remains friends with the people he hurts and hates. I'd say he is a narcissistic. Every thing has to be about him, or how something is gonna benefit him. He doesn't consider anything else. And although the truth could be said about sociopaths, They could talk about a variety of topics, With cartman the topic is "Me me me me me" So i'm gonna vote he has narcisisstic personality disorder.
New project, How Evil is Evilactivity? I collected some qoutes to find out. And Because I think she should endorse her own bumper stickers!
Caution: Stop and engage your brain before opening your mouth. Endless stream of bitchiness will appear if directions are disregarded. With that I give you the best AND worst of Evil.


If you're not bleeding or on fire stop crying.

Of course I've got a heart. It's made of a very special material that repels idiots. I call it Twatanium 

Ooh, shit.... sorry, sorry, I didn't realize that holding an opinion other than yours wasn't allowed Sorry...

You be original, I'll be extra crispy.

You have not proven anything to me at all. You emos say fuck conforming and being what society wants you to be. I'm sure you didn't fight for the right to stand up and be heard, so you can sit down and be quiet all over again.

No, that dress doesn't make you seem fat...but your dependence on others' opinions definitely makes you seem shallow.

I do not have a gym membership, a husband, or a Vogue subscription. I've never been in Bloomingdale's. I refuse to talk on the phone and drive. I'm one of the happiest women I know.

Your jerk boyfriend is like a bottle of sour milk in the fridge. You don't keep going back and tasting the milk to see if it's better; why do you think that if you give him enough chances, he'll magically become a nice guy?

No one ever died from sleeping in an unmade bed. I have known mothers who remake the bed after their children do it because there's a wrinkle in the spread or the blanket is on crooked. This is sick...

Victimhood is not a costume donned to gain attention.

He's a liar, I do like cock I just don't like the idiots they are attached to.

I will be honest with you, and it will probably hurt.

If you hate me, you will probably not have enough hours in the day to hate me ... you'll wake up in the middle of the night ... JUST to hate me!

That is terrible, still, it is not as if you had to crawl across the Gobi desert with no arms and legs though, is it?

Well Don't listen to them. Do what you want to do at your pace, and when it's convenient for you. Never sacrfice your own happiness and never tolerate disrespect.

The words coming out of his mouth are clearly demonstrating that his brain is not functioning correctly; In that case, because I feel for the disabled, I shall spare him my wrath. However I do appreciate his Darwin-esque-survival-mode utilization of talking out of his ass. Oh he is darling I wanna take him home!

Sometimes you have to learn how to open your mouth for more than just giving head.

What IS it with women and relationships? Always trying to turn a fuck into an engagement.

It can't possibly be your crazy ass, right? Maybe you should go and get a livejournal account and cry about it there.

Sure... just saying no prevents teenage pregnancy the way 'Have a nice day' cures chronic depression.

 If you will not love and respect yourself, why should anyone else?

While I realize that this does not make me perfect, I do hope to continually improve as a human being.

Don't make me paste an "equivocating invertebrate" sign on your back!

You dress like a bag of skittles and play an 80's retro twist of dress up after you cake on your synthetic beauty at 6 in the morning, and you call me retarded? Look fruit loop I'm no scene queen Do you want to meet a mean queen and get your shit fucked up?

Not caring about your problems does not make me selfish. It makes you stupid for not having problems worth caring about!

Lo siento, no se habla "Controlling Douche"

I do like goth guys, but to me, it's like being at the zoo. You point at the animals and go, 'how cute!', 'Awww'and etc. But you don't necessarily feel like climbing over the fence and taking one home, now do you?

WHOA there pardner!! I don't know what horse you are trying to ride in on, but you need to turn yourself around and hit up another watering hole, we ain't happening!

Oh little fish, this is my bowl, I let you swim here and play with my treasure chest, but, never forget that you are here because I like how you shake your fins, so shake it baby, shake it.

Sweet monkey Jesus... Protecting people from reality is laborious and thankless work. :[

Last time I looked, silicone wasn't up to par with brain matter...but I must be old-fashioned.

Am I laughing? Yes. It's funny. No. I'm not evil or horrible or cruel. It's just funny, and I have a sense of humour. Sick, twisted and sardonic? Maybe. Who cares.

I have no tolerance for anyone who requires more attention than a puppy on crystal meth.

All right, then, I'll go to hell.

That's your shit, not my shit. So put it in a blender, make yourself a smoothie, and suck it up buttercup.

He is like a festering crab infection that won't leave until I shave the pubes off...

Oh, poor guy, your girlfriend has left you and you want to kill yourself? Well, take a bath boy, I'll lend you my toaster...

I don't really hate anyone, it's just that I think some people are like slinkies. They aren't good for much, but I still can't help smiling when one of them goes tumbling down the stairs.

Listening to you complain about your life is like watching you masturbate. The obscenity isn't in the act, it's in the sad nature of the subject.

Sometime i instigate controversy because it's entertaining to watch people react to the topics i enjoy discussing (sex, abortion, christianity and it's single-minded ways, homeless people and how we should advocate for them, etc)

I'm just an ordinary girl with tendencies that could be described as bitchy. Nothing more than that.

That's adorable. You aren't my friend, my parent or my partner, yet you think you have a say on how I live my life?

When people cry I feel like I am trapped in an After School Special, I want to go take a "lifetime movie shower" complete with rough scrubbing and the slow motion fall to the floor.

Get a glass bellybutton! That way when you've got your head jammed that far up your ass you can look out and see what the rest of the world is doing!

I am not Venus of a Thousand Breasts... I am not going to coddle grown men.

Don't blame my attitude on hormones, I'm opinionated not premenstrual, asshole.

Life only seems short when you think the good parts are behind you. Life is actually too long to spend pretending peoples' bullshit is a good idea.

Television censors enough of what they show so why should I have to censor how I speak or type? Forget all of the *** and celebrate being vulgar.

Me, sadistic? Why, I just figured since everyone seems so content to keep running into the same wall, that it would be a horrid waste of human resources if someone wasn't enjoying the show!

Do I have "DIPSHIT WHISPERER" tattooed on my forehead? Shut up and fuck off before I fucking mace you!

Do you love me truly? Did you shave your pubes into a picture of us holding hands inside a heart?

I'm doing it on purpose. If that makes me a cold-hearted, soul-sucking bitch without a conscience... Then so be it! At least I'm not a naive, spineless, uneducated doormat who lives her life by someone else's standards.

You obviously believe that I think myself to be the centre of the Universe. Do you even know what that is? A lifeless dark void that sucks everything in and crushes it to oblivion whilst giving minimal amounts back... Wait that does sound like me!





I rate she is 73% Evil.
you have way too much fucking time on your hands.....
omg... i only read the first line.  i wanted to play dnd but my brother didn't want to teach me. he told me to read all of those books so i gave up.lol
This is awful..... It's like it's believing that everyone that I come in contact with is full of shit, then having any existing optimism anally raped and shamelessly humiliated....
I recon you find them fascinating out of a sadistic sense of pleasure, you want want to re think how much you like the ideals of these men before you become one of them
Overkill: I'm trying to draw a picture of what Malta might look like with a pancho.

EvilActivity: Your obssessed with the Malta fanfiction? You know she's not an official black butler charecter

Overkill: she was suppose to be real! I had hoped she was atleast in the manga.

EvilActivity: Sorry, she was deleted. She certainly had the greatest back story. "Little mexican girl pwns the Phantomhive estate"

Overkill: They deserved to die in that fire! Those poor mexican seamtresses, burned in that warehouse for the insurance....

EvilActivity: Thats why they had to delete malta, her existence would put Ciel in a bad light.

Overkill: No just his father, His father didn't take procautions with the currupt men he left in charge of the mexican division of his company

EvilActivity: Kay look at it this way... Malta escapes, She is all alone, She has to struggle for everything, she has to travel to London all by herself and destroy the estate with her own bare hands. She doesn't have a fucking demon butler, she has no home, no friends no luxury tea time. She ties her shoes all by her fucking self.

Overkill: Thats revenge baby! Yeah fuck ciel... the spoiled pampered little asshole.

EvilActivity: I liked how in the story when she returns and finds that he rebuilt the estate, Ciel was trying to force her to play chess if she wanted his time and she took out her colorful spinning top and she knocked down all the chess pieces.

Overkill: She's a spinning top for sure. She needs only a spin a motivation and she is then on her way moving freely to her own accord, Ciel is a chess piece he has to be moved by others all the time, He can't move by himself, and he has to move only in the ways that are expected, there is a code for him.

EvilActivity: So you see now why she was discarded and never put into the story line. She would comprimise everthing. Ciel wants revenge for the death of his family, but his family's company caused the death of Malta's Mother, and that was the last thing Malta had on earth. No money, no servants, no home.

Overkill: The fan base certainly would be on her side because she was suffering even before her mother and the seamtresses where killed. Those goons in charge beat, straved and raped those poor trapt women... Then when Senior Phantomhive was gonna have it investigated they burned the warehouse to cover it up. 

EvilActivity: Yeah he belived when they said it was an accident... went home depressed, He doesn't tell his wife she is so excited about planning ciels Birthday.... then the parents and staff (except tanaka) are killed on ciels birthday by the angry mexican child.

Overkill: This is sad

EvilActivity: I am sad now too....

Overkill: Yeah... no one will every be happy again.

EvilActivity: this never even happened! it's just a supposed rumour/fanfiction!

Overkill: T.T
I'll be completely honest. Some part of me was actually thoroughly amused by the posted conversation, and I actually did think you intelligent, after looking at your profile, and didn't understand the negative rating. Until the below post.If you spend a majority of your time bashing women/gays/minorities/anyone with a dissenting opinion from your own, and you haven't (and you never, never will) yet found an adequate justification for any of your bigotry, then you should just remove yourself from the gene pool (through castration, hopefully) and save the world another generation of your unnessesary hate fulled logic. I have had enough of negative people that take delight in finding faults in others in any which way they can. Why can't these individuals be happy in themselves I wonder.  --- I'll leave them there and continue forging my path. Others with similar herd mentality will be along to join them shortly they can bleat amongst themselves about how horrible it is when sweet young autistic girls stop being victims and turn into heinous opinionated bitches.... ---This is complete idiocy. It uses alot of big words to say absolutely nothing, and in no way is any sort of concrete argument.All you did was use your vast vocabulary, which I won't deny, is rather large, to say absolutely nothing of any worth. Its complete garbage. Also. To your post above this one.
					
					

Evil has Savant Syndrome... Its a psychological disorder. She is knowledgeable AND deficit. Thanks for your nasty output against an Autistic individual anyways....
Evil has Savant Syndrome... Its a psychological disorder. She is knowledgeable AND deficit. Thanks for your nasty output against an Autistic individual anyways....It's easy to claim anything is wrong with you when being online especially when disliked by the majority.You're usually one or the other, never "both".
Why not? Because I am a strange mixture of daftness and clarity?

"You can't do that" "thats not possible!"

I just get by that by thinking of the Platypus.

Egg-laying venomus, duck billed beaver tailed, otter footed mammal... the platy was not just one or the other.

The flowers that bloom between railway tracks, the weed that pushes through concrete. That lizard that can grow a new tail... There are approximately as many cells in your body as there are stars in the biggest galaxy in the Universe. That almost seems impossible but isn't that something really amazing about us already?  Has that not exacerbated just how ridiculous the myth of "possible" really is?
Strange mixture of daftness and clarity.... or One hiding under the mask of another.
Well that's insulting to a degree. I Don't want to entertain the idea that I'm wearing a mask. I'm very Anti-troll actually. If you seek people wearing masks you are confronting the wrong poptart. So take that up with willy wonka, Cosby, and the King of cunt nuggets, who wants me to shut up because I don't meet his standards.

Of course just because I don't wear this "mask" doesn't mean people just don't love trying to wear me. I'm that motivation, that excuse. Something to talk about. And of course they have to do it. If they aren't talking about me nobody gives a fuck. Everyone wants to know what happening with enemy number one.

I don't like it, but I do like my face. You with your mask however...  a bald little imp with upturned eyes baring your teeth in a smirk makes you look like a rabid hairless gorilla and i want to impale you with a giant novelty toothpick.....
There are countless horrible things happening on the site, horrible people prospering, moderators using thier influence to keep people from publicly supporting her with thier spam, petty threats and using the reputation scoring like emotional blackmail. Trying to drag her out in public instead of appoarching her in the privacy of her inbox so they can be entertained. Well I hope you got all the upvotes from your fucking peeps because you went picking a fight with her and I hope it was worth getting impaled in the face and getting your mask ripped off. So much for idiocy.... fucking asshole.

.
I finally finished reading that Russ kick book "50 things you're not suppose to know." Nice recommendation Borderick. It had such facts like Adolf Hitler's blood relatives are alive and well in New York state,  One of the Popes wrote an erotic book, and The Bayer company created Heroin. Perfect read for me. I'm already making plans to buy vol 2 and "Everything You Know Is Wrong: The Disinformation Guide to Secrets and Lies."
heeyI singvery muchand decidedto shootandputon youtubeIwouldlike it if youlook and saywhatyou think of itxx
wheres d link??? O.o
what link? o.O
on youtube ysslovegirl ...
nicccccccccce
What you do is up to you and good to you and you alone
It must be nice to be able to do things with out consulting the balance of good and evil. (Personally I think Angel has been holding me down for too many years. She may act like she's better, what with all her talk of entegrity and sophistication but she's just a deprived bitch who is not getting laid with her finger on the break down button. I'm known to do terrible things and make crap choices specifically because of Shoulder Angel. 
It must be nice to be able to do things with out consulting the balance of good and evil. (Personally I think Angel has been holding me down for too many years. She may act like she's better, what with all her talk of entegrity and sophistication but she's just a deprived bitch who is not getting laid with her finger on the break down button. I'm known to do terrible things and make crap choices specifically because of Shoulder Angel. 
That guy in your shower just sounds so... XOXOX.... You sent him home with blue balls XD.
too much writing e.e
cant be stuffed reading it...
so..i came across a very wonderful book called "The catcher in the rye" =] its a great book!!! i mean i've heard of it but..never really looked into it...anyone else have some greats books to share?
Whats a book? I don't read books. xP
same dont read em but yeah i read that book for my book report for school great book
Whats a book? I don't read books. xPthey're magical creatures covered in pictures and words :-p and sometimes numbers!!! lmao
I read XD  ....but what kind of book?
The Outsiders by S.E Hinton. its awesome!
omg i know!!! i read that one before =] its great
Whats a book? I don't read books. xPthey're magical creatures covered in pictures and words :-p and sometimes numbers!!! lmaoOMG I GOTTA GET ONE OF THOSE!!!! The last book I read was Outsiders. Almost everyone knows that book. That and the cat in the cat. Favoritist book EVER!
Whats a book? I don't read books. xPthey're magical creatures covered in pictures and words :-p and sometimes numbers!!! lmaoOMG I GOTTA GET ONE OF THOSE!!!! The last book I read was Outsiders. Almost everyone knows that book. That and the cat in the cat. Favoritist book EVER!so you like poetry huh? do you like shel silverstein?
the fearless series is good but i forgot who writes them :/
My favorite books are by stephen king and dean koontz. My very favorite is The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon by Stephen King.
I personally like the Chronicles of Vladimir Tod
Should I explain what its about?
A great trilogy of books is Chasing Yesterday by Robin Wasserman. My favorite one of the three is the third.
i love the vlad series!! n yeah everyone loves the outsiders,its a classsic!! i also like the strange case of dr jekyll n mr.hyde!!
Um i really like the book crank by ellen hopkins. Well, i like all the books she writes. Um i also like the book cut...but i dont know the author's name.
Um i really like the book crank by ellen hopkins. Well, i like all the books she writes. Um i also like the book cut...but i dont know the author's name.What are they about?
try the Seven ancient wonders by mathew riley, or like Deadly unna or tomorrow, when the war began or something from lovecraft he was an excelent author
i love the vlad series!! n yeah everyone loves the outsiders,its a classsic!! i also like the strange case of dr jekyll n mr.hyde!!omg i forgot all about the outsiders!! i be loves dat book... and cupcakes. hehe lol
Ah a lot of people like the Chronicles of Vladimir Tod. It's a vampire book if you're interested in that.
Basically Vlad is half vampire half human. His Father was a vampire that fell in love with a human and ran away from vampires so he could live in peace. Vlad's parents died in a fire and he lives with his aunt Nelly. You read about how people try to kill him and protect him, his love life, and high school/8th grade (because it starts while he's in 8th grade).
I liked the book called the Uglies by Scott Westerfeld. 
It takes place in the future where they have hover boards and operations.
When someone turns 16 they get an operation that turns them "pretty." Anyone who doesn't have an operation is called "Ugly." The city is divided into 2 places. 
Pretty town and Uglyville (i think it was. Feel free to correct me anyone).
Pretties on one side and Uglies on the other.
Tally meets a friend called Shay. They have the same birthday but when shay runs away to avoid the operation, Tally is bribed into bringing her friend back and exposing their base. 
She falls in love with the guy Shay likes.
Harry Potter.
Tomorrow when the War Began series is AMAZING.
Burned Alive, its sad  but has a really good ending.
The Lovely Bones, the book is a lot sadder than the movie made me cry heaps, but still very good.
I liked the book called the Uglies by Scott Westerfeld. It takes place in the future where they have hover boards and operations.When someone turns 16 they get an operation that turns them "pretty." Anyone who doesn't have an operation is called "Ugly." The city is divided into 2 places. Pretty town and Uglyville (i think it was. Feel free to correct me anyone).Pretties on one side and Uglies on the other.Tally meets a friend called Shay. They have the same birthday but when shay runs away to avoid the operation, Tally is bribed into bringing her friend back and exposing their base. She falls in love with the guy Shay likes.Read the next ones in the series. Called Pretties, Then after that is Specials.Also, The Count of Monte Cristo, by Alexander Dumas,The Once and Future King, By T.H. White.Eragon,Eldest, and Brisingr By Chris Paolini
I read Alot
13 reasons why is a good book, sad though
we also had to read like water for chocolate for school, which i thought was also pretty good
city of bones/city of ashes (cant remember the third but its a trilogy) was also enjoyable
i 4got how to read
I liked the book called the Uglies by Scott Westerfeld. It takes place in the future where they have hover boards and operations.When someone turns 16 they get an operation that turns them "pretty." Anyone who doesn't have an operation is called "Ugly." The city is divided into 2 places. Pretty town and Uglyville (i think it was. Feel free to correct me anyone).Pretties on one side and Uglies on the other.Tally meets a friend called Shay. They have the same birthday but when shay runs away to avoid the operation, Tally is bribed into bringing her friend back and exposing their base. She falls in love with the guy Shay likes.Read the next ones in the series. Called Pretties, Then after that is Specials.Eragon,Eldest, and Brisingr there's another book called extras and the eragon books r boring.
Look up a book called Hawkes Harbor.
Beautiful Malice- Rebecca James
The last thing i remember by Andrew Klavan
Alice in Wonderland! Awesome book. :3
The Vampire Acaddemy series by Richell Mead is awesome! ^^
And the books of Fallen!
Twilight. 
Eeew. I'm JOKING. 
The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins!!!!!
Best book ever! 
(then read the rest of the series)
My favourite books are : The Outsiders, Talon of the silver hawk, Stories of freedom and teen spirit =P
Captain Underpants.
Other than that one book, I'm not a big fan of reading.
My favourite books are : The Outsiders, Talon of the silver hawk, Stories of freedom and teen spirit =Pomg i love the outsiders that is awesome..
well srsly my favorite book in the whole world is the outsiders.. nothng will ever b better than dat to me..
but another good book wld b .. vampire academy.. everynight and stargazer by claudia gray .. awesome books
Yeah the outsiders is a great book =D . the movies disappointing tho =/
the movie was okay.. i mean i liked it.. but no movie is as good at the books so the movies r always disappointing to me
the movie was okay.. i mean i liked it.. but no movie is as good at the books so the movies r always disappointing to me Yeah, the book was way better, but Matt Dillon (who plays Dally) was damn good in the film.
Speak by sharon creech and my sisters keeper by jodi picoult are great , the movie of my sisters keeper is nothing compared to the book
My favourite books are : The Outsiders, Talon of the silver hawk, Stories of freedom and teen spirit =PYAY!!!!!THE OUTSIDER!!!
Whats Outsiders? o.0 
LOL. who's the author? ^^
Whats Outsiders? o.0 LOL. who's the author? ^^great book  S.E. Hinton if i'm not mistakenhad to read it last year for english
a lot of you guys mentioned amazing books :3
i love ellen hopkins, if i ever get the chance to meet her, i'd be there in seconds. 
crank, glass, and her new fallout (have yet to read) book is maybe her longest series
impulse, burned ;  i've read (her other singles)
tricks, identical ; i haven't read yet. 
classics are my favorite: 
S.E. Hinton: the outsiders, dr jekyl & mr. hyde, victor hugo: les miserables, jane austin (what don't you love of her writing?), emily bronte: wuthering heights
i have an ongoing list. 
right now i'm rereading 
crank, glass, and soon to read fallout
13 reasons why is an amazing book ^^ so i'm going to reread it
hmm.. if anyone needs anymore suggestions, pm me xD
Midnighters (1,2, and 3)  by Scott Westerfeld
Those books r truly amazing!
its great man:D:D:D
Vampire Academy series, Maximum Ride series, anything Edgar Allan Poe I guess
go to Highschoolsucks.com it a sight for the Vlad Todd seires my personal fav book threes the best so far cant get my hands on four and five yet.
I would recommend the books by Cassandra Clare. Like City of Bones, City of Ashes and City of Glass. She has like a prequel series out called Clockwork Angel but I dont know if anyone else already mentioned those books.... Super-duper good!!!
Idk if it was mentioned already, I don't feel like going look through all the pages, but "The Catcher in the Rye" is an amazing book.
Idk if these books were mention already but the house of night series, evernight series, the fallen series, umm dark visions, the forbidden game and more i just cant think of any of them but im a total book nerd my house is covered in books hehe
DUDE!!! Check out my Dad's book! Its his first novel and he self published! And the cover art is by him too! Its called Escaping Destiny (look it up on Amazon) and write "by Jeffrey Pierce" next to it.
Um i really like the book crank by ellen hopkins. Well, i like all the books she writes. Um i also like the book cut...but i dont know the author's name.i think its Patricia McCormick who wrote cut.i really like Immortal Beloved by Cate Tiernan and Cut (:
the long road through hell 
or something close to that name
I favorite book is  
 By the Time You Read This, I'll Be Dead   by Julie Anne Peters
any books by rick ridorian  great author
*reading names off of my bookshelf* 

I really like eighth grade bites. Here is the link =]
There are 4 more books that go along with it. They are so good!

I'm...um...a bit of a romantic, and I know that's weird for a guy, but I found a book called So Lyrical that I thought was pretty good. Can't remember the author though.
I'm reading this book called Acheron, it's paranormal romance. I'm in love with it, even though it has 723 pages.  
Also, there's a series of books called Lords of the Underworld by Gena Showalter. The stories are great, but I warn u! Parts of the one I read got pretty dirty.. Otherwise, it's not bad at all. :3
i think i've heard of that series. not sure, but i think i have lol i'll have to check it out :3
Bah. Too many to name. I read LITERRALY (so spelled wrong) a book a day. I have a problem lol.
I know what that's like lol or did, until I ran out of good books to read. Most of what's considered "good" now is just crap.
Theres a book by Stephen Kings thats good the one bad part about it is its 1072 pages long i think its called ''The Dome''
I know i posted on this allredii but if you guyz need book suggestions i say :
Speak by sharon creech 
& my sisters keeper by jodi picoult

Amazing books i tell yooh, amazing!
I'm...um...a bit of a romantic, and I know that's weird for a guy, but I found a book called So Lyrical that I thought was pretty good. Can't remember the author though.Awhh thats not wierd , thats sweet  (:
anything by David Sedaris or Neal Shusterman. :3 i may be the only person here that knows either of them, but i adore them both. Sedaris write shorts stories, theyre all odd and slightly twisted. and Shusterman write scifi/fantasy-ish

oh and the House of Night series  only vamp books i like
The Warriors series by Erin Hunter and Watership Down by Richard Adams....both are very awesome (even if Warriors is about cats and WSD is about rabbits)
well I like the books by Andrew Klavan I got done reading the three book called the truth of the matter and can't want for the next called the final hour
HARRY POTTER!!! or Thirst Series or The House of Night Series
Best Series I have read lately
i love the book series Vampire Academy by Richelle Mead and the Gone series by Michael Grant. Oh and the Private series by Kate Brian. (:
Beyond Good and Evil by Friedrich Nietzche
If you want something dark and creepy, check out Nightlife (forgot the name of the author, but the paperback I have has a dude on a really tall building in New York) and a book by my dad called the Awakening, which is about a happy little thing called the end of the world!
HARRY POTTER!!! or Thirst Series or The House of Night SeriesBest Series I have read latelyThe reason I quote this is because I want to say:Dude. I FUCKING LOVE YOUR SIGNATURE!!! Johnny the Homicidal Maniac is da fuckin bomb!!!
The hunger games series is amazing!!!! its really good you'll get addicted!!!
Honestly, I like the House of Night series. And any other book I seem to enjoy reading. I'm a huge reader, and I'm planning on running to the town's library today to find a book  to read.
The Count of Monte Cristo (Y)
anything by Stephen King!!! =D lol
Try reading books by R.A. Salvatore. He's such a great writer
so..i came across a very wonderful book called "The catcher in the rye" =] its a great book!!! i mean i've heard of it but..never really looked into it...anyone else have some greats books to share?ONE OF MY ALL TIME FAVORITES.. I also loved "Flowers For Algernon"
vampire knight. i know its manga but it roks! also stepping on roses
you don't know me by david klass
I just finished reading "The Outsiders" by S.E. Hinton. I've read a lot of books and i can honestly say that this is the best book  I've ever read.  It's about two big high school gangs, the Socials and the Greasers, who have rumbles constantly. The Socials are considered the "fancy" and rich type. While the Greasers are considered trash, but yet they do the sames things as the Soc (socials). Both gangs are always in trouble w/ the police because of theft, public disturbance, and actions while drunk. The book has a lot of action in it, and diffidently suspense. "The Outsiders" teaches about love, respect, and so much more.
Oooh Hush Hush is pretty good, New York Times Best Seller I believe. I read way too many books to actually keep up with them.
I Loved Wuthering Heights!!! Hunger Games is epic,The outsiders,The Tim Tebow Book IS Good Just got done reading it!!!
Wieland by Charles Brockden Brown is a very good read. The language is sometimes difficult to follow for me (non-native speaker and it's an old novel written in a very classical manner), but there is a very good atmosphere of tension, and the descriptions are very beautiful sometimes.Dante's Divine Comedy is probably my favourite book. But you need a version that has a lot of footnotes to explain the references so you understand and appreciate it all completely.The Name of the Rose by Umberto Eco is also AMAAAAAZING! Everyone read it! NOW!
The Host, by stephanie myer...dis bk shuda became a movie...not twilight...
I cried twice in dis bk....it my fav atm
Try reading books by R.A. Salvatore. He's such a great writer  If u don't mind me asking what kind of books dose he/she do
my favorite books are da Vladimir Tod Eight Grade Bites, Nineth Grade Slays, and right now Im finishing Tenth Grade Bleeds
demons kiss and styx's storm
i like the books; the six sacred stones by Matthew Reilly,skeleton coast by Clive Cussler, And then there were none by Agatha Christie
The Host, by stephanie myer...dis bk shuda became a movie...not twilight...I cried twice in dis bk....it my fav atmapparently they are going to be making it into a movie
Inkheart series by cornelia funke (inkheart,inkspell,inkdeath ), Need series by carrie jones (need,captivate,entice,endure) Hush Hush series by Becca Fitzpatrick (hush hush,silence,crescendo, and the 4th book is coming out this fall 2012 )
 They are all AMAZING O__O. the Need books especially.
Well right now im reading Dracula and so far I like it 

I recoment:

****Dark Souls****
The Vampire Stalker
The Nightmarys
Harry Potter series
***Hunger Games*** series
Persy Jackson series
Fever

so far thats all I remember...
					
					

if you like sex, drugs, alcohol, magic, horror, paranormal activity, more sex...swearing, violence n death...
then go for the The Downside Ghosts series by Stacia Kane xD

theyre good...theres three books
					
					

I've read Flowers for Algernon and Phantom of the Opera. 

I liked those :3
i don't like books xD
I LOOOOOOOOOOVE Madame Bovary, I think it's one of my favourite classic books 

I also really love The Book Thief, it's very well written,

The Electric Michaelangelo- that's about tattooing back in the early 1900's, also very beautifully written.

The End Of Mr Y is great, it's got some interesting philosophy in it, kind of existentialist but still a good read and not altogether too heavy

The Watchmen and V For Vendetta, sure they're graphic novels but still amongst my favourites.

Im also into the Game of Thrones saga right now. I could go on forever about all my favourite books (there are quite a lot) but I'll stop there
I read a new book that i checked out from the library the other day. it was called Dash and Lily's Book of Dares. i got totally consumed in this book and i read it in about three hours. it was hilarious and very well written.
the lovely kisses series are good lolz
So, my fave books would be:
Narnia(just awesome)
Time riders(really cool adventures+technology)
Artemis fowl(really cool adventures+magic+technology+fairies)
The host(only normal book from stephanie meyer)
plastic surgery is bad for you...it looks bad n it just makes u look like this .
That music kind of scared the shit out of me.
woe I dont get why she did it... :?
That music kind of scared the shit out of me.Your not the only one O.o
					
					

O.o I would never ever get plastic surgery
urgh why wud u do that to urself .
People do crazy things for looks. :c it's sad.
i can understand if sumne broke their nose n got surgery to fix it n make it look normal....
but URGHZ dont go crazy .
She looks like what so many girls compare themselves to, 

She looks like what people say to those girls to make them better

"No one looks like Barbie"

Yeah, no one...
that makes me scared...   and it's ugly... but their choice :/
It's what people see as beauty. 

She's unnaturally beautiful.
But beauty like that isn't really nice... It's kinda just... Plastic.
to barbie like....looks like her waist cud snap in half cuz ur upper torso is too big n heavy...
it just looks...weird
Plastic... it's so wrong
ohhh lol -laughs like hell-
well i wouldn't do it but if that's what they want to do then owell it's there body
im scared of being put to sleep, cuz im afraid of not wakening up. lol i started crying when my mom gave me sleeping pills cuz i couldn't fall asleep  either way, i would never do it 


um ew. I wonder why she did that. She look pretty before. Now she looks just..... ew. Not HORRIBLE but not pretty either.
and when ur boobs are bigger than ur ass. there is a problem. plus her nose. waaayyyyyy to skinny. ish. I feel kinda sorry for her.
					
					

I think she looks odd, and a bit alien, but the surgeries she got were definitely successful and she looks the way she wants to look, no one can fault her for that.
I don't think there's anything wrong with any form of body modification, some people are extremely uncomfortable with their original bodies.

The only main thing I have against it, is that its a shame that someone would be so driven to change their image, I bet she'll never be able to do lot's of things, doesn't look like she can do physical activities normally.

It might be seen as frivolous spending of money, which it is, but I guess she probably makes a living from it because she's fairly unique looking and no doubt gets a lot of attention for it, as is evident here. 

Each to their own is what I say. I'd never do that, but I don't have much against others doing it.
barbies r dolls
not spose to b real
thats a slut who got bored with her rich parents money

shes a fucked up bitch
^oh lol xD
it looks pretty bad...doesnt look right...mayb she wants the attention, i  dont like attention seekers .
They never said anything about inanimate objects should not be brought to real life... But it's upsetting seeing how girls try and be like a barbie doll... (not ALL girls)
if i was a girl id rather be single because im not "hot" than live under a mask. literally.
barbie isnt even sexy n hot .
do any of you guys like paranomal activity? if so which of the 3 movies did u like best?

i liked the 3rd one because it was funner to watch
paranormal activity was awesome...seeing the look on my parents face was better!
I'v only seen the first two, i gotta get the 3rd from my friend. but I think the 2nd one was the best and my friend totally freaked out when i watched it with her XD
haha nice
the 3rd one was funny!!!
love it xD 
didn't saw the 3rd
I have never seen any of them lolz xD
No offence to anyone that likes PA

It sucks. 

A lot. 

Lots.
it creeps me out :/
No offence to anyone that likes PAIt sucks. A lot. Lots.So Fucking True but they are funny a bit. thats it.
lolz never seen it xD
kinda creepy...
meh there ok
ehm... i watched all three and the only part i jumped on was the third one where those girls' babysitter jumped in front of the camera xD i started laffing at myself cuz im an idiot... it wasnt my fault tho! i saw it in theaters and the speakers were super loud, and im not the only one who jumped
haha lols that looks cool...
n so random XD
I used to have glow nail polish _
D;

I want
Hahaha cool costume where would you wear it though? xD
lol sooo random
it could scare the shit out of people at night. im going to get one for that reason
Oh My Fucking God!!shes waaay too obsessed...awww gawd -facepalm-shes 15!!!she dont look it!!shes cute but....man .
is she really 15 she doesnt look it
yeah shes 15 ..
Interesting...
shes german i think lol
She speaks good english for a German.   it's cool, but a bit to much, i agree.
It's sickening she looks like a blow up doll
i kno aye...
yeah shes interested in the look n stuff but i think shes gone way ova the top
Any books you wanna read?

This are the ones I want to read:

 Interview With the Vampire

Wuthering Heights

Frankenstein

Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde

Northanger Abbey

We Have Always Lived in the Castle

The Forgotten Garden

Uncle Silas

Gothic Tales

Bloodlines
I am dying to finish reading Twilight. But for some odd reason, I cant. -.-
lol
I wanna read I am Number Four and the Hunger Game series =P they seem interesting..
I wanna see wats so great bout the 50 Shades Of Grey triology xD
I want to read the Soulbound Trilogy and the Slayer Chronicles
i wanna read some more dean koontz.
The Millenium triology:
The girl with the dragon tattoo
The girl who played with fire
The girl who kicked the hornets nest
I've been attempting to read Uncle Tom's Cabin by Harriet Beecher Stowe, but it seems that no one wants me too. :C
I want to read the new bloodlines series
I WANNA GO TO AN ADULT BOOKS STORE N READ THE SEX BOOKS!!!!!!!!!!I WANNA C WAT SO BAD BOUT THEM!plus to read sumfin sexy that wud turn me on
i read a vampire erotic novel. so far it has six volumes....   it was my first, and OMG! so many details!!!!!
If I'm ever in a horror movie, now I know what to do; )

Oh, and u forgot never run off alone.
If it doesn't die by bullets, kill it with fire.

Don't go looking for your friends n the darkest places, look for them in the safest places (SERIOUSLY!)


Love it!
i hate it wen ppl in horror movies go off to see wat the 'noise' was...or sumfin...or wen they run away from things or they just stand there looking at wateva is obviously going to kill you .
OLOLOLOL

I think I shit my pants while reading this forum LOLOLOL
I remember a movie I seen, I can't remember the name but there was this big ass fan coming down on this woman. She just stood there staring up at it and screaming. it was coming down on her slow, so I know she would have had plenty of time to run out of the way. *SMH*
lolz, thanx for the help dude.
Lawl
no seriously. I'm taking this into account. I am now way more superstitious than i was before. MUWAHAHAHAHAHA
If I were in a horror movie with a bunch of people who I hate think they know everything about surviving horror movies: I would follow this knowledge than their's, theyll die right at the begining
Lawlll
lolz I probs wont even be able to watch one xD
well...if i wanted to survive a horror movie...i wudnt b in one xD
never be home alone after night fall, and get a power generator, when they cut the lights
stay in bed....DONT go out to see what the weird noise was...
how the fudge does that even work?? c:
idk but its cute
lol XD
it must b very small O.o
or the suit thingy is really big O-o
or that...

i think its a chihuahua
haha mutant chihuahua thats HUGE lol
poor dog....
i bet the dog ripped it off after the photo xD
Hes such a cutie
yes. yes he is.
i wish he was real
L is the best 
this is the guy who acts him in the death note movies 

lolz I can't watch it till get home xD never heard of it though o.o

lolz okay then xD
					
					

now it finally shows up
OMG thats soooo cool xD !!
i like the song n the video is amazing 
It's not very smart though, it's entirely possible to get the cleverbot to physically say you're smarter than it is.
^^
yeah i kno but its funny xD
randomly talks bout shit
I was told cleverbot was paranormal. Ask cleverbot about the majora. and cleverbot will talk about Ben drowning.
Ask cleverbot why ben drowned or who drowned ben it's gonna talk about majora. Everyone who know the creepypasta has tried it atleast once. I mean to this day i would approach clever bot asking "wheres ben?" cleverbot will say "majora,,,"
If you like kpop then u will love LM.C (Lovely Mocco Chan) 

OOOHHH 

I know them :3

Ash showed me before. 

Yeah, I like them.
Maya is a cutie
Another crazy colourful spastic kpop band xD
O.o. You call that music?
no offense
not everyone likes kpop

LOLOLOLOLOLOL  
i like hows its at the park xD lol
teddy core ftw
it was just weird...
i think it was cute and funny
Pretty adorable lol
She's going to be so embarrassed when she's sixteen and her parents play this at her party XDD

LOLZ XD
What a cutie
WTF
KITTY!!!!
HOLY CHEESE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ITS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CUTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rain! Your holy cheese comment made me smile!
O MA GOD IT'S A DINOSAURRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


rawr X3
Dude, it is totally a dinosaur.
its a kittysarus-rex. it will eat u like a cookie!!! (^.^)@ nomnom
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww so cute *pets*
Rain! Your holy cheese comment made me smile!Haha! Holy Cheese! Swiss cheese!!!

THIS KITTEN IS FREAKING SPECIAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


IT LIKES CHEESE.

KITTY! i love the Kitty!
KITTY! i love the Kitty!I remixed the song in the link to the video of my kitty.  did u see it?
awww its cute!
HOLY CRAP THAT'S CUTE!!!
i wanna poke it squeeze it cuddle it! XD
SOOOOO adorable x3
that cat looks like my little kittn  
he's gone  x
awww soo cute and sadface laura
THAT'S ADORABLE
Adorable Kawaii :3
MEGA KAWAIIS NYA NYA
I'm not scared by much. I've never been scared by much. No horror movie has been able to scare me. So that makes me pretty critical about how they're made, the storyline, etc. So, do any of you know any sericously scary movies I should check out? 
Have You Seen Grudge? Also try The Ring, The Mist, 28 days later, Dawn Of The Dead.... Idk any more scary ones
Dawn of the Dead really wasnt that scary, niether was 28 days later.
I would have to say the scariest movie I have ever seen is ' IT' and even that wasn't too bad.
REc , Rec 2 , Grave Encounters , The Tunnels
REc , Rec 2 , Grave Encounters , The Tunnels Rec is good.   The Ring, Human Centipede 1+2, The Grudge.
im scared of movies based on true stories :/
I can watch chain saw muderers and zombies, aliens... Everything under the rainbow or horror films, But creepy little girl movies. I can't stand the creepy little girl cliches.
i hate wen things jump out of nowhere :/
I love...
Johnny Depp
Matt Damon
Nicolas Cage
Rober Downey Jr
hillary duff ;D
i forgot bout Jodie Foster xD
haha ;D
i guess i cud say
Emma Watson
Daniel Radcliffe n
Rupurt Grint as fav actors lol
they r guwd ;D 

robert pattinson  ;D 
yeah he alright xD
Matt Smith
David Tennant
Alan Rickman
Johnny Depp
I'll think of more
Learnado Dcaprio
Tom Hanks
Keanu Reeves
Angelina Jolie
jackie chan xD
					
					

Me  just kidding...I'm awful
don't really know

Johnny Depp?
lolz I dont know some of the ones you naming chelza

but JOHNNY DEPP   
Me  just kidding...I'm awful haha lol i bet u better at actin than me xD
I went to a week long acting camp a few weeks ago...I decided that I'm too shy to be an actor.
ohhh hahaha i suck too...n im shy too too
Tom Hiddleston
Tom Hiddleston
Tom Hiddleston
Tom Hiddleston
Tom HIddleston
O.o idk who that is lol....
wats wiv that dude!?
Kawaii!!! haha
omg cute ;D
u dont hav to post a pic if ya dont wanna...u can just describe wat u used to look like c:
hahaha I used to be short... brown eyes, light brown hair, with a mischevious grin xD
iv always been short...at least ur average height
u look cute thou
Yeah! What she said! I had glasses at seven. I was like. A NerdWhoConstantlyReadBooksAndPlayedSports
i wear glasses...i used to wear them 24/7 thou but then they started to get annoying so i only wear them wen im drawing n writing n on comp etc
i neva enjoyed sport
Anyone like animated movies? Like disney??
Like Cars?
Rio?
Happy Feet?
Wall-e?
etc...
I like Anime movies like Bleach and InuYasha. American movies are kinda cute too tho
I like all the animated movies...
Soo cute...
The graphics now r really good, 
I like anime n cartoons as well c:
Im such a little kid
Hahaha yeah the smurfs is funny, rio is sooooo adorable, Hop is well intresting xD
love all the Madman movies (animated movies studio guibli) such as PONYO
SPIRITED AWAY
HOWL'S MOVING CASTLE
PRINCESS MONONOKE
PONY
MY NEIGHBOUR TOTORO
xD
theyre the only ones i have c:
Disney movies are so cute :3 And they actually have meaning (go figure)
hahaha I will always watch cartoons and disney movies and Studio Ghilbli
disney is cute yeah yeah xD
n also funny
yepps Despicable me funny xD and Megamind... I wanna see Brave lolz
i like the disney princess movies xD
What makes you laugh?? anything weird that makes you laugh?
when my friend mentions needles or heroin i immediately think of this guy in ma school n start laughing my head off
hehe lol...i tend to giggle wen i see people trip over ^vv^
hehe lol...i tend to giggle wen i see people trip over ^vv^I do that too  it's hard not to laugh at them..
haha yeah who doesnt do that xD I laugh when my friend has a really really blonde moment and she not even blonde xD
Random pointless things

People falling down stairs only to say I'M OKAY
Memories of my friend Jack. He was the bestest. And whenever i think of him. I just laf my head off. I'm not sure why. I just do.
Nice

What happened to him?
I met him at camp. And he lived in a different state then i did. So yeah he friended me on facebook, but we never talked. so I don't know whats happened to him at all.
Awwww :C
maybe i'll see him again. you never know.
I hope you do
yeah he was awesome. Thanx for caring.
also meaning: I wuv him so much, i would adopt him just so that he was my brother.
i laugh when people fall ._.
Random pointless thingsPeople falling down stairs only to say I'M OKAYdo that ALL the time xD Im the one falling down the stairs :3
Well if I have to recalI something funny, I had this dream: I was watching How I Met Your Mother, but in this episode, Barney and Ted fuck. And the rest of the episode is them freaking out and trying to hide it from all their other pals because they didn't want to make a big thing of it, and they weren't sure if this meant they were gay, or what.

But, in my dream, as I was watching it, I thought "fuck, now this show is just like Friends, where they all bang each other." Because I hated that about Friends (not the only thing I hated), how they all basically paired off like they did. It just seemed desperate and lazy, like, "what you're still here? Ok, move in." That makes me laugh histerically which I don't usually do.
i laugh when people call me insane or mental or crazy cause they are spot on...oh the joy....also for some odd reason whenever i hear someone say  pineapple o.o idk why i just cant help it lol
comedies...random thingspeople being stupid xD
No. my school is boring as fuck
our team got action/adventure .

our skool seems childish 
all the teachers dress up as well n its compulsory xD
					
					

can i join
Cors u can...
Need to answer couple of qs...
1. Is andy sexy?
2. Is andy hot?
3. Aint he awsum?
4. Is he d best?
5. Wud u scream if u met/saw him?


1 yessss super sexy
   2  omg yes hahaha melting of the brain
	 3 he is so awseome i could just die
		   4 he is the most best singer ever
					  5 i  would scream , touch him then faint
Haha k ur in!
yay i love andy

i want him
Lol
Wow. Now, I like the music and all, and he's pretty sexy, but there's no way in Hell I'm obssessed like that xD
Whatcha talking bout!!!! Andy is the beast!! there is no guy who could be any hotter/awesomer than Andy Biersack he is the best ever!!! I want to meet him..... I wuv him 
I love Andy! He is the hottest!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Andy Biersack is a Douche bag.....That is all :3
Andy Biersack is a Douche bag.....That is all :3 Why do you think that?
I feel unloved.
Whyz...i still love you babe D:
You love him more. I feel left out.

























LoL
Gah!
D:
I.m just screwing with you.
..... Does this mean I can't join...?
He's So Adorable!! I Would Love to meet him Someday!!! 
Can I Join I'm in love with him
of course u can join...whoever is in love with him can join
i luv andy biersack.bvb is amazing.the bands message and every thing they stand for is awesome. you don't really find much bands who stick up for their fans and truly appreciate them.
I freaking love Andy Biersack

But more importantly, the band itself
I love Andy but I think Ashley is hotter. Fuck, they're all hot! BVB ROCKS!
WOOT MORE MEMBERS!!
he's the best i love him 
LOVE ANDY BIERSACK!!!!!!!!!!!!
id die of a heart attack if i saw him...or just b paralyzed for life
Id probably go mute lol like * ahhhhhhhsqueaaaaallllll...* *silence...* lol
-faints-
haha I would go crazy wouldnt know what to say or do
-frozen-
yeps pretty much
-dies-
Soooo CUTE!
Kawaii!!!!!!
I just died
he wuvs the carrot :3
-dies of cuteness- XD
hahaha kawaii :3

*everyone dies because of the bunnys  cuteness*
i wanna hug it xD
CRAZY FROG POPCORN
Bam Bam lolz I used to have a crazy frog CD probs still do somewhere
I remember this 

Shocking, right?
it was random XD i cant believe they blurred out its doodle wen it was playing on music channels
Hahaha yeah xD
didnt even look like a doodle .
I was the one who ate his ear ^vv^
This was stuck in my head before, now it's back _
oh lol sowwy 
yeah he is very cute
hahahaha nuuuuuuuuuuu it got stuck in my head xD
I didn't listen 

Kawaii
haha -sticks marshmellows in ears-
i cant hear it XD
xD lolz
its a very annoying song but cute
I love anime but this belongs under a different section. 
Such as entertainment :DD
DEATH NOTE!!! 
mine is vampire knight 
i just   zero
Moved for you ^^.

ANGELBEATSANGELBEATSANGELBEATSSSSSS....

Ben-to and Fairy Tail are immense too.
death note, obviously.
Deathnote
that anime is pure perfection 
Deathnote is amazing and i liked darker than black, canaan. of course i love ones like one piece and bleach but i find the manga much much more interesting and entertaining, so to say: i mainly read lots of manga and little of anime __
BLACK BUTLER!
mine is Death Note
Moved for you ^^.ANGELBEATSANGELBEATSANGELBEATSSSSSS....Ben-to and Fairy Tail are immense too.Ben-To beats AngelBeats(total just saying mommy. don't kill meh.)and i don't have a fav anime atms ^__^ seen to many good ones recently to just choose one.
lets see, lucky star, hetalia, soul eater and death note
Hellz yeah
Dqeath note.   Claymore.    Desert punk.       Angel beats.     Phantom the requeim for phantoms
death note. for suuree 
death note. for suuree 
Bleach
you can have him, but L ish mines!!!  deal
I've only actually ever watched one anime series, and it was called Durarara. It's awesome.
you can have him, but L ish mines!!! NO!! L is mine!!!!
deathnote all the way
NO!! L is mine!!!!how dare you???!!!  L belongs to me, and me alone!
I've only actually ever watched one anime series, and it was called Durarara. It's awesome.That's actually a fantastic anime. Did you watch english dubbed or Japanese? Both were good.
That's actually a fantastic anime. Did you watch english dubbed or Japanese? Both were good.English dubbed mostly. My friends had the DVD's for the majority of them, but I had to switch to Japanese with English subs toward the end.The way they said Masaomi, as in Kida Masaomi, in the English dub was just terrible though, lol.
English dubbed mostly. My friends had the DVD's for the majority of them, but I had to switch to Japanese with English subs toward the end.The way they said Masaomi, as in Kida Masaomi, in the English dub was just terrible though, lol.Awesome.  That's extremely true, Masaomi in the English dub, could've been a lot better, in my opinion. I like the way the plot was built though, it was kind of nifty.
my favorite anime is D.Gray-man or maybe FMA brotherhood.. I cant decide x)
					
					

Dont laugh at meh, but i luv fruits basket! It's so cute! I just like the cat guy...havent watched the show in forever so I forgot his name...BUT HE IS SO CUTE! XD
OH YEAH! And i like dark mi-haru....he's like a sex addict! LAWLZ
peacemaker or full metal alchemist
Death Note and Elfen Lied.
i can never choose.
FMA, FMAB, Katekyo hitman reborn, eureka 7, D. gray man and death note of course haha
Bleach :3 ahaha byakuya is so cool
My favorite anime would have to be Elfen Lied
Hellsing! ^.^
death note, obviously.maaan... u beat me to it. cuz i  death note as well.
maaan... u beat me to it. cuz i  death note as well. mwuhahaha glad to hear there are others.
naruto
I like Ouran High-school Host club and Naruto
i loves the anime Death Note! it's my favorite cuz... well, the answer is obvious. 
Death Note 
Hetalia
Hellsing, Death note, Sould eater, Black butler, and Naruto. ANIME LOVERS UNITE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \()/
Soul Eater is awesome too.
nana and vampire knight
Weneva ders a storm...do u just lyk to watch d pouring rain n lightning?
Its great to watch n for mee it feels peaceful just sitting der watching it...
Even thou ur not doin much...its still entertaining 
Well for me anywayz
Weneva ders a storm...do u just lyk to watch d pouring rain n lightning?Its great to watch n for mee it feels peaceful just sitting der watching it...Even thou ur not doin much...its still entertaining Well for me anywayzwhatcha tlking bout lyk??!! are u crazy I LOVE STORMS!!!!!
Yes :3 i loves it so calming
there awsome. They make me feel peacefull
idnt hate them. idnt like them. They ares just there ^__^
i luv storms there peaceful and i can just look out the window and feel....free also i sleep alot better
i like storms. makes me fall asleep.
on stormy days...i like to sit on my bench on my porch drinking tea and eating a sandwich ^.^
I love standing in the pouring rain an watching lighting all around me!!!
XD
Storms are awesome...rain is awesome xD
Lol I remember I used to be terrified of storms and used to block my ears and hide under blankets now I love listening to them and watching them. My favorite part is the delay from the flash and the sound xD !
My favorite part is the delay from the flash and the sound xD !ikrs
but one time  it rained so much there was a river in my backyard(more like a long puddle all the way across my yard)
.....i jumped in it
i love puddles and the storms that create them
There was a storm last night
Eh, i suppose it just depends. 

I love going on rooftops and staring at the skies when it drizzles though. 

Only at twilight though, because then the sky is so pretty
ooo thats cool
For people who like horror movies insisdious is a must see i got really scared from that movie it will have you of you seats
so go get it or sit at home or miss it my sister got nightmares over that movie so if she can get nightmares over
that very horrific movei you gotta see it my bro pissed his pants whil watching that soo go to netfix and grab this shit!!!!!!!!!
					
					

Lol!I'm already scared damn xD
i saw it & I get really scared from a lot of movies. Insidious was kinda cheesy, not very scary. :/ OH. You should watch The Ring, The Ring 2, & maybe The Ring 3
I watched the first one, Acaryy stuff!!
Seriously Insidious was the shittiest movie out ! That didnt scare me at all ! Ive watched  the Ring 1,2 & 3 they aint scary either
i want to see that so bad!!!! it's out on dvd now i might ask my dad to get it
Insidious is one of my favorite movies, 
what i wanna know is, if it has a part 2, ( you know cuz at the end the , the guys vistitor actually got inside him0
The rings were pretty good. I didn't really get scared, just a little boggled from my friends screaming. 

Insideous was pretty good. I was more creeped out then scared though. The meaning of it all had a bit of an affect on me though
I think my dad has seen it...
Insidious is on my list of movies I liked and that's a pretty short list
uhm

The fog? is a movie
yes it is
u never watched it before?
and i only said that because of the title of the thread "any body like this song"but nope I have not. is it any good?
Lies!, The Fog is an awful (imo) it was beyond stupid and boring.
well i liked it
maybe you should watch it and the see for yourself
any way this was the song i was talking about
thats a good song
He hates her but she loves him
oh god i miss pucca!! this was like, my show!!
its hardly ever on now
Hahaha gotta love Pucca x3
Aha. That pucca thing is coolio. c;
AHHH thank you so mucchhhh!! lol i havent seen pucca in foreevveerrrr
hahaha welcums
The brand new music Video for Im a Vampre by Falling In Reverse!! Woot (:
Maddness
it just came out an Hour ago (:
Its cool bestiee 
He sagging Haha.. O_O reaaal Low...
i love FLR
i luv that song
I love that song sooo much   FIR is sooo awesome 
I love that video ;P
Yes, he's a squirrel, but he's a bad ass squirrel.Everyone should learn from his rants.Little kids, teachers, everyone.
Used to, not looked back in a while though... something about abusive little cute things is just immense.
This is the first time I've heard/watched an episode.

I think the children I've encountered taught him 

LOVE IT!
i have no idea what foamy is...
When i saw these videos i was like OMG REALLY?
First of all the first one isnt in english but SHE explains it all...real life SCARY vampire obsessed lady O.o
The second...what corsets do to u in 20 yrs  that waaaay too small...
wooooooooooooooooooooow!!!
Freakishly Creepy
I know aye
OH MY GOD!!! The first lady looks pretty tight, although a bit scary 

The second one, OMG I love corsets! That's going to happen to me!??!

The girl in the white corset I don't mind, it's the blue one that get's to me
wow scary....  The second one, OMG I love corsets! That's going to happen to me!??!The girl in the white corset I don't mind, it's the blue one that get's to meI know aye Amii!! kinda freaky O.o
OH MY GOD!!! The first lady looks pretty tight, although a bit scary The second one, OMG I love corsets! That's going to happen to me!??!The girl in the white corset I don't mind, it's the blue one that get's to meyeah the vamp lady look kool but i think she went a bit too farn yeah the gal in the blue corset is just a bit too much...i dnt mind the chick n the white one...I WANT A CORSET! but i dnt wnt to change my shape THAT much thou
Ok, for this game the person above will post lyrics from a song, and you have to guess the name of the song OR the band that made it and if you get it wrong you owe that person a muffin  after you name the song you have to post lyrics and it'll go like that ^.^ I'll start first

Why give up
Why give in?
It's not enough, it never is...
breaking benjamin


too bad you knew me.. when i wasn't ready
i am no masterpiece at all
can;t guess it hahaha
masterpiece - meg and dia

twist away
when you're talking to me
i can't breathe
dunno man.

i did my time in a winowless box
like it or not
all i got now is today
tomorrow aint here
and yesterday has gone dead on me anyway
I don't know either 

Monster...how should I feel..creatures are here...looking threw the window
i have no clue....



i'll grant you this one last wish
if you'd trade heaven just for a kiss
go ahead and jump down
and tonight you'll dine in hell...
god i have fallen down just to find my princess is already dead
i'm falling faster to hell and i have nothing but pain ahead of me,
wait what this that i feel? 
i feel as though i'm being carried
i look back and all i see is my beautiful girl with angel wings.
The way you love me by Faith Hill

There's a little creepy house in a little creepy place
Little creepy town in a little creepy world
Little creepy girl with her little creepy face 
Saying funny things that you have never heard
[[[nopee.. it was.. the great romance of the after life -- by november blessing]]]

kerli-- walking on air?


I'll be your guardian angel, your sweet company. 
No matter where I go, I'll make sure you're all I see. 
My eyes are glued, I don't mean to intrude. 
I can't get them off of you I 'll be there watching from way up high 
The shadow you can't see when the sun's in the sky.
Guardian Angel - Abandon All Ships (LOVEEEEEEE that SONG)

What I have in me, in my mind is you
I would die if we were through
What I'm feeling now what I'm heading into
I am lost in pain without you
So cold, so alone
hell yeah i love that song too :]

and... loosing you - dead by april


My friend's depressed she's a wreck she's a mess 
they've done all sorts of tests and they guess it has something 
to do with her grandmother's grandfather's grandmother civil war soldiers who badly infected her
My friend has maladies, rickets, and allergies 
that she dates back to the 17th century
Somehow she manages - in her misery - strips in the city and shares all her best tricks with 
Me? Well I'm well. Well I mean I'm in hell. Well, I still have my health 
At least that's what they tell me
If wellness is this 
what in hells name is sickness?
hmm.....idk I have no idea!! 

Too many hours, too many miles
I swear to you I'll count the days
Drifting further, further away
So many things, wish I could say

This distance is killing me
Piece of static just saved my life
One last night, just one last time
Hope I can keep this going

Alive in the daylight, alone in the dark
We'll always only ever be an ocean apart
got no clue

ur never gonna be alone
from this moment on
if  ever feel like letting go
i wont let u fall
were gonna take the world onill hold u till the hurt is gone
NICKELBACK - NEVER GONNA BE ALONE (very good song) 

We made love by the ocean
As the waves crashed around you
Sunsets never were so bright
And the skies never so blue
You opened up into my arms
And we laughed as I held you
I'll never go back to Georgia
Not at least till I have to
no clue


shake me down
not a lotta ppl left around
who knows now
softly laying on the ground
oooh ooooh
not a lotta ppl left around
oooohy ooooh
Cage the Elephent,Shake me down

I can't escape this hell
so many times ive tried 
but im still caged inside
sombody get me threw this nightmare
i can't control myself
so what if you can see 
the dark inside of me
no one will ever change this animal i have become.
Three Days Grace - Animal I Have Become 

(OH!)
Girl, I see it in your eyes
The trouble on your lips
Let me kiss between your
(OH!)
Girl, the way you taste
The poison on your hips
Now I'll never get away!

Grab my hair, and pull it hard
Bite my neck as we both fall
Into the back seat
Of your fathers car
dunno man


tonight ill have a look and try to find my face again
buried beneath this house my spirit screams and dies again
out back a monster wears a cloak of persian leather
behind the tv screen iv fallen to my knees
my song was Maybe holding hands wasnt such a good idea by Modern Day Escape!

Back against the wall - Cage the Elephant??

I'm so sick of hearing people say how I should live my life and if I don't follow their rules I will suffer the consequence. I will live the way I want to and there's nothing you can say or do that will change me of the way I think. So save it for someone else. Never be afraid to open up your mind and look at the world through someone else's eyes.
The Human Condition-Chelsea Grin XD


So I'm feeling much worse now
You're better, you're better
Your designer drug
Won't work, won't work for me.
Connect to a three volt
I hope your battery dies.
How could you run on such, on such voltage?
All the same
I remain
The one you blame and I'm
Demonized
Purified
Justified
As you let yourself show!
So now you'll love these screams
What's left of me. (Don't! Speak!)
Love these screams like I do (My! Name!)
Yeah 

I have no idea

We met half-way, between the headstone and your grave,
Dance on the black and blue with tragic endings.
We race to break the silence,
Dirt covered fingers eyelids.
I've got bags of lust that are filled with death.

Now take your hand and get the gasoline,
Wave goodbye cause you know,
This tomb was fit for a queen.
I'll strike the match and you light her casket,
Inside a box, It's big enough,
This tomb was fit for a queen.
Fit for a queen.
This tomb was fit for a queen.
umm idk XD 
mine was Kill Caustic by AFI

heres something semi easy(it has a music video)

I touch your lips 
and stare in your eyes
You smile and it makes me fly
You are the reason my heart beats
Tonight it's just you and me
Night as dark as my thoughts 
sets the scene for my return
Lightning nips at my heels 
as I race home
Wearily I stagger 
towards the song of her pale voice
Demons jeer my attempt to be free
Alesana - The Thespian 

From the look on your face
To the fear in your eyes
That's what you wanted
Eternal life screaming cries
Don't cover your eyes
As darkness bleeds the light
Embrace the night come to life
Inside you know it's right
Say goodbye
umm....umm...um....um..idk sorry XD

Out with her past and a blurry future 
My hearts on an auction it goes out to the highest bid 
I live too fast and I know I will lose her 
But there is an option to die is to live in her head 
So I`ll hang on never let go 
I dug this pain into my chest 
It`s dead
reverse this curse-escape the fate


Dreaming comes so easily
'Cause it's all that I've ever know
True love is a fairy tale
I'm damaged, so how would I know

I'm scared and I'm alone
I'm ashamed
And I need for you to know

I didn't say all the things that I wanted to say
And you can't take back what you've
taken away
'Cause I feel you, I feel you near me
idk

Party boat, party boat, party boat.
Vacation at the sea.
You've sailed uncharted waters.
Now you'll cease to be.
Party boat, party boat, party boat.
Nowhere near the land.
By the time they find you,
you'll have died by our hands.
CRUISE SHIP TERROR!
hmmmmmmmmm uhmmmm idk no Idea lol ^^
Mine Was Cruise Ship Terror by Swatchbuckle!

Hurtful words,
From my enemies of the last five years,
What's it like to die alone?

How does it feel when tears freeze,
When you cry?
The blood in your veins is twenty below.
Not Good Enough For Truth In Cliche-Escape The Fate! 


Oh, the bullets gone
I take the spade I slit your throat
You fall into your grave I cover up my tracks I'm done
I won't kill again
I said that's it I'm done
I'll be there in the morning with a smile on my face
I'll be there in the morning to start it all again
Hey there Mr Brooks by Asking Alexandria

I would just like to ask
are you owned by your fears?
What happened to the world that moved so fast?
The people in it had to abandon their pasts
just to keep up with the progress
You're hopeless, you lost this
I'm just being honest
All of you deserve this shallow judgement
i fail XD


Goodbye my friend, goodbye 
My love, you're in my heart 
It was preordained that we should part 
We're united by and by, united by and by 
Goodbye 
No handshake to endure, there was nothing 
It was written in blood 
It was written in blood
Mine Was: Same thing we do everyday Pinky by Broadway
Uhm.....Written in Blood by BMTH

How you spend your last evening?
Like a ghost on your way.
High hopes in low places.
Exceed to hide of the shame.
Cruel Games.
Sinful, under your spell.
And you failed.
Leaving the low fields out of this hell.
ugh... i no kno 

When you call my name
it's like a little prayer
I'm down on my knees 
I wanna take you there
In the midnight hour 
I can feel your power
ummm...i have no idea XD


You were my fire, 
So I burned, 
Til there was nothing left of me, 
I...
I touched your face, 
Held you close, 
Til I can barely breathe, 
Why give me hope, 
Then give me up, 
Just to be the death of me... 
Save the rest of me?
no idea XD

Numb, i'm broken
Here i stand alone.
Wondering the words,
The last words i said to you
It won't be long
We'll meet again...

What would i give, to behold
The smile, the face of love?
You never left me
The rising sun
Will always speak your name
KILLSWITCH ENGAGE!-Rose of Sharyn 

Babble babble bitch bitch
Rebel rebel party party
Sex sex sex and don't forget the "violence"
Blah blah blah got your lovey-dovey sad-and-lonely
Stick your STUPID SLOGAN in:
Everybody sing along.
My guess ^^ is probably Blood on The Dance Floor? Idk


No jk jk jk jk jk jk lol lol lol lol lol
I love your makeup
I heart your fucking hair
Is that a new tattoo
Didn't that piercing fucking hurt?
No jk jk jk jk jk jk lol lol lol lol lol
um idk XD
mine was This is the New Shit-Marilyn Manson


Never a story told, 
The saddest thing I ever saw
Witnessed a murder
But too scared to make the last call, 
Look deep in her eyes
And I saw the beauty
(Waiting)
They came from the sky
Heard their music playing for us
idk...


they will see us waving from such great heights 
"come down now"
they'll say
but everything looks perfect from far away
come down now
but we'll stay
I tried my best to leave this all on your machine but the persistent beat it sounded thin upon listening
that frankly will not fly
you'll hear the shrillest highs and lowest lows with the windows down
when this is guiding you home
Such Great Heights-Postal Service 

I sit here and smile dear
I smile because I think of you
and I blush
These bleeding hollow dials...
This fuss
no idea


bow down before the one u serve
ur going to get what u deserve
Head Like a Hole by Nine Inch Nails 
mine was The Morticians Daughter by Black Veil Brides


To the edge 
Til we all get off
I will take you away with me
Once and for all

Time will see us realign
Diamonds rain across the sky
Shower me into the same realm
Mine Was Yo Ho Its a Pirates life for me by BOTDF
no idea

You thought you had me fooled.
But you have no clue what's in store for you.
Sleepless nights and dreaming of you when dreams become nightmares.
So blame me for what I'll do.

You've fallen victim to, the lie and it's just me and you.
You've fallen victim to the lie, and now it's just me and you.
And now it's just me and you.
no idea.


she lays down on the sidewalk
never very anylitical
she is something simply beautiful
she can make everything magical
My guess ^^ is probably Blood on The Dance Floor? IdkNo jk jk jk jk jk jk lol lol lol lol lolI love your makeupI heart your fucking hairIs that a new tattooDidn't that piercing fucking hurt?No jk jk jk jk jk jk lol lol lol lol lolFer Sure ~ the Medic Droid...?
Smeared black Ink

Im staring at the asphalt wondering

whats buried underneath

where I am

I'll wear my badge

vinyl sticker with big block letters adherent to my chest

tells your new friends

I am a visitor here

I am not permanent

The only thing

Keeping me dry is

You seem so out of context

in this gaudy apartment complex 

a stranger with your doorkey

explaining that Im just visiting

And I am finally seeing

Why I was the one worth leaving
hmm...no idea XD


When I see your smile
Tears run down my face 
I can't replace
And now that I'm strong 
I have figured out
How this world turns cold 
and it breaks through my soul
And I know I'll find 
deep inside me 
I can be the one
guardian angel - the red jumpsuit apparatus 

as i walk through the valley
of the shadow of death
i wear my crown of thorns
and pull the knife out of my chest
i keep searching for something
Hear Me Now-Hollywood Undead 



Can't you help me as I'm startin' to burn (all alone). 
Too many doses and I'm starting to get an attraction. 
My confidence is leaving me on my own (all alone). 
No one can save me and you know I don't want the attention
Hmm...Bat Country - Avenged Sevenfold

Have faith in me
Cause there are things that I've seen I don't believe
So cling to what you know and never let go
You should know things aren't always what they seem

I said I'd never let you go, and I never did
I said I'd never let you fall and I always meant it
If you didn't have this chance then I never did
You'll always find me right there, again
Have faith in me by A day to remember 


my hands are searching for you
my arms are outstretched towards you
i feel you on my fingertips
my tongue dances behind my lips for you

I swallowed my pride.
And way too many times,
I left my heart wide open.
Now I can't take no more.
Now I guess some things
Are just not meant to be - like you and me.
Now my world is spinning faster and faster.
No drama instead,
Your words go over my head.
Let's stop hurting each other,
So we can be alright.
You're so perfect in bed,
But still you're fucked in the head.
Everything you say,
I can't take your lies.
I can't take your lies.
This is just another Romeo and Juliet.
Just Another Romeo and Juliet by Pop Evil



Here we go again, another night of being bombed 
I can tell myself I'll avoid this time and cancel plans with everyone
I know cause this is how it always ends
Our bond will break cause you can't relate to anyone, to anything at all
You brought your worst and I'm right here
Though I've seen it all and it's never been so clear
You're not the person that I knew back then
It's not too late to set this right 'cause everything has been
You're not the person that I knew back then
Let's try and act like this didn't happen,
follow your friends like you ever had them
uhh... iono O.O

Even though she doesn't believe in love,
He's determined to call her bluff. 
Who can deny these butterflies that filling his gut?
Waking the neighbors, unfamiliar faces
Oh, he pleads oh, tries but he's only denied
Now he's dying to get inside. 
Forgive me, I'm trying to find
My calling I'm calling at night
I don't mean to a bother, but 
have you seen this girl?
She's been running through my dreams
and its driving me crazy it seems
i'm going to ask her to marry me.
Remembering Sunday by All Time Low


Your kiss was the perfect drug,
It gave me the perfect high,
And cheaters fall in love,
They all deserve to die,

I need to feel you again,
I need your lips on my skin,
For one night I could be him,
Well, I could be better,

In your eyes, I thought I saw tomorrow,
Now, all I see is wasted time,

Can we pretend it's always been okay?,
We never lost it all, lost it all,
Can we pretend we never left this fate?,
You never lost it all, lost it all
Gahh... Iono 
ummm wow i have no idea hahaha



And shepherds we shall be,
for thee my lord for thee.
Power hath descended forth from thy hand,
that our feet may swiftly carry out thy command.
So we shall flow river forth to thee,
and teeming with souls shall it ever be.
In nomine patris,
et filli,
et spiritus sancti.

You've sunk lower than I've ever seen,
and even though you deserved this
I tried to catch your fall
I've grown so tired of your childish threats
Know that I'll never run from anything




HINT: the beginning is the the prayer from Boondock Saints ;P the only song written with the prayer in it  this is easyyyyyyyyyy
EDIT: Such Great Heigts, right?

Don't let her down 
Find your ground 
Facing the world from upside down 
Won't let her know 
Move in slow 
Cast on the walls my shadow 

I can feel myself again 

Don't let it slip away 
Breathing in the day 
Healing once again 
Breathing in you
I don't know O.o

Tonight is the one thing left
And I haven't said it yet, I'm falling
And the writings on the wall.

Today was misery 
And I just can't believe this happened
And I finally broke down
She held on to my heart
But now my only star is falling
It's burning to the ground.
i have no clue O.o

I'm missing you so much, I'll see you die tonight
Just so I can get to you before the sun will rise
I know the signs are on and I feel this too
None of that ever seems to matter when I'm holding you

And I'm wasting away, away from you
And I'm wasting away, away from you

What have I gotten into this time around
I know that I had sworn I'd never trust 
anyone again but I didn't have to
No idea.



Oh, Johnny wishes he was famous
Spends his time alone in the basement
With Lennon and Cobain
A guitar and a stereo
While he wishes he could escape this
But it all seems so contagious
Not to be yourself and faceless
In a song that has no soul

I remember feeling low
I remember losing hope
And I remember all the feelings and the day they stopped.
uhhhh.... cookie? O.o haha i have no idea

You keep calling it a crash and burn
Just wait your turn you might have time to speak
There barely was a lesson learned
Cause it return no favors back to me

I'm sure it tasted oh so sweet
But it was never good enough for me
I bit the tongue behind my teeth
It was never good enough for me
Sadistik - Black Rose

Your parents say everything is your fault
But they don't know you like I know you they don't know you at all
I'm so sick of when they say
It's just a phase, you'll be o.k. you're fine
But I know it's a lie.


This is the last night you'll spend alone
Look me in the eyes so I know you know
I'm everywhere you want me to be.
The last night you'll spend alone,
I'll wrap you in my arms and I won't let go,
I'm everything you need me to be.
OMFSM!! I didnt think anyone would know that song!! If you really knew that you are freaking awesome!! haha 

I heard this before not sure of the song but im 99% sure its by skillet.

I'm a road
But i'm a long one
Yeah i'm alone
I've always been the strong one

I'm not afraid of anyone
If i die tonight
I had a good run
I'm not afraid of anything especially
I'm not afraid to sing

Put down everything and walk away
I'll see you on the lost highway
Put down everything and walk away
I'll see you on the lost highway
I'll see you on the lost highway
guess these lyrics:

Alone at last we can sit and fight
i've lost all faith in this blurring light!
Stay right here we can change our plight!
we're storming through this despite whats right!

One final fight, for this tonight!

my fav song
lol thats too easy...Knives and Pens - Black Veil Brides

My ancestry is a ghost story
I'm a prophecy
My love life is a crime scene
I'm an omen
My self-esteem is a string of unsolved murders
The radio is brainwashing me filling my head with these
Self conspiracies
I am an emotional nightmare
I can't hide the pain inside
Builder of my own mythology
OTEP- Shattered pieces.

Well i'm thinking of the worst things
That i could say to you
But a promise doesn't mean a thing anymore
And this never will be right with me
And now you're trying to desperately
But i'm tongue tied and terrified of what i'll say
i have no clue O.o I'm missing you so much, I'll see you die tonightJust so I can get to you before the sun will riseI know the signs are on and I feel this tooNone of that ever seems to matter when I'm holding you And I'm wasting away, away from youAnd I'm wasting away, away from you What have I gotten into this time aroundI know that I had sworn I'd never trustanyone again but I didn't have to and thats i had you at hello - a day to remember ?
hmm....I think its a mayday parade song dont know song name

Let them talk and talk and talk
Let them say what they want
We will laugh at the thought
They don't know what we got
Every year that goes by
A year older we are
You'll still be beautiful then
Bless your beautiful heart
We'll talk and talk and talk
How crazy is it?
Someone could waste their whole life helplessly
Just patiently waiting for a love like you and me
no idea

how did this happen to me
i guess i'm to blame
i'm lying  face down on the pavement
and i'm full of shame
i just refuse to see
my mind is anarchy
anticipating and debating what is left of me

i'm going to rage if no one knows this
Mine was All my Heart - Sleeping with sirens.

Uhm liars and monsters - Escape the fate? o.o


Damn, this girl, can't find nobody like her
She is everything I want and I'd do anything for her
I'd beg, beg, and beg
Make me believe that there is no one else I need
When you satisfy me

I'll take you home
We can be alone
And let my body show you lovin' like its never ever known
hmmm.. I have no clue

"I am vindicated. I am selfish i am wrong. I am right, I swear I'm right. I swear I knew it all along"

ha..gave you guys an easy one
idk lol

im not the one who's so far away 
when i feel the snakebite enter my brain 
never did i want to be here again 
and i dont remember why i came
no idea

here's to your perfect weapon
cracked bones with blind agression
like birds whose wings are broken
you live without direction
Perfect Weapon-Black Veil Brides. Too Easy

Do you feel like a man, when you push her around?
Do you feel better now as she falls to the ground?
Well, I'll tell you my friend, one day this world's going to end
As your lies crumble down, a new life she has found
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus - Face Down


Taking hold, breaking in
The pressures all need to circulate
Mesmerized and taken in
Moving slow, so it resonates
It's time to rest, not to sleep away
My thoughts alone, try to complicate
I'll do my best, to seek you out
And be myself, and not impersonate
ummm no idea

I never ment to be the one who kept you from the dark.
But now I know my wounds are sewn because of who you are.
Don't know hun.

You Seem quite nice for a girl with good looks 
And I'm the kinda fellow that'll make you feel better when your life gets shook
So give it a chance according to your plans 
I bet I'm not number one on your list to kiss, but please understand
I have no idea =ol.

Okay..

Oh you'll probably go to heaven, please don't hang your head and cry
No wonder why
(My heart feels dead inside, it's cold and hard and petrified)
Lock the doors and close the blinds, we're going for a ride!


=o) Good luck.
Yeah. That's right =o).
Honk honk.
i dont know, but i can guess it's by hollywood undead

Helpless.
my eyes are bleeding from the
fear thats inside, you sealed your demise
when you took what was mine
dont try and stop me from avenging this world
no voice to be heard
i dont know, but i can guess it's by hollywood undead Helpless.my eyes are bleeding from thefear thats inside, you sealed your demisewhen you took what was minedont try and stop me from avenging this worldno voice to be heard  Haha right "Levitate" Hollywood Undead. that's what it was.
...i could of guessed that
i dont know, but i can guess it's by hollywood undead Helpless.my eyes are bleeding from thefear thats inside, you sealed your demisewhen you took what was minedont try and stop me from avenging this worldno voice to be heard I'm not sure *blinkblink* There's a little creepy houseIn a little creepy placeLittle creepy townIn a little creepy worldLittle creepy girlWith her little creepy faceSaying funny things that you have never heard
It was waking the demon - B4MV

and no idea...
Sticks and stone wont break my bonesBut anything you say will only fuel my lungsDont mind us were just spilling out gutsIf this is love,I dont want to be loved I'm not sure *blinkblink* There's a little creepy houseIn a little creepy placeLittle creepy townIn a little creepy worldLittle creepy girlWith her little creepy faceSaying funny things that you have never heardIts Kerli- Walkin On Air
					
					

**disregard this comment X)**
					
					

hmmmm I have no idea 

Cuz there's no comfort in the waiting room,
just nervous pacers,
bracing for bad news,
and then the nurse comes round,
and everyone lifts their heads,
But I'm thinking of what sarah said.
It was Sarcasm- Get Scared

hmm I have no Idea

You got me bewitched,
Cause Im Under your spell,
You must be a witch,
Cause Im living in hell
BEWITCHED - BOTDF!!!!!
Haha BOTDF fan???
yep!
Hmm I wonder How I could tell...
Let me show you my game
I put those shoes to shame
These rhymes that i write
Make you wanna fuck all night
When we take off our clothes
She sucks me till it snows
I'll fuck her face so hard
She is my wild card
My sweet and sticky lollipop
Inside this sweet gumdrop
I'm bout to explode
It feels too good to stop
Just taste my tootsie roll
You melt my icicle
I gotta get my fix
Please lick my pixie stick
Candyland-BOTDF!
woot! yep
Haha
Maybe you can guess this song.... idk though lol

I'm so in love with you, and all the things you do.
You know I can't break through.
Im the servent of hell, one day I cant break the spell.
lovestruck!!!
Lol I kind of figured you'd get that haha
how about this, it's really easy

your a bitch, your a bitch
i'm sick of your shit
your a dick your a dick
you think your words are so slick
we can get it right
there's always gotta be a fight
your heart is my pinyatta (how the hell do you spell that) so sayonara
haha I was just listening to that song! So easy it's Miss Bipolar!
yep
Haha
How about this one?

Hold your head up high,
They would kill to see you feel.
Evil Lurks in the shadows just waiting to prevail
Every sinner has a future,
Every saint has a past.
Gunna keep the torch burning so the message is world laughs
no sorry
My Gift and My Curse- BOTDF
i haven't heard that one
It's a good song. trust me
then i'll get it
Awesome! btw my status will tell you how im doing and with the Losing Hope thing
cool
Yup, hmmmmm do you know this one?

Yo Ho! Sorry bitch I wasn't calling your name.
We be burning so hot,
cant even capture the flame.
Street rat,
Hooded rats,
freak with rats,
Spoild brat,
no  wait, guess again,
Im a motherf*cken pirate
					
					

Album?
ummmm I dont know
well, that doesn't help so i'm going to say no idea
Yo Ho Ho Im A Pirate- BOTDF
haven't heard that either  i dont have that many, just 16 or was it 18?...
I dont know

Haha. Do you know the band brokeNCYDE?
no
Okay then Nevermind about them. there the same genre as BOTDF.
ok, i'll listen to them, but until then we should get on topic

Fuck these battlefields
The bullet shred around me
bodies falling, voices
calling for me
No Idea..

You dont know anything
You dont know anything
You dont know anything about me
Once it starts,
It never stops
Disipline,
It's all im not
no idea

I don't wanna cry more tears 
Cause I have enough of this life's misery 

I don't wanna live anymore 
Without you my sweet 
Don't wanna live anymore 
You're all I need 

I don't wanna get more years 
Cause I need you to release me
No idea

i can almost guarentee none of yous would know this

honey, it's getting close to midnight
And all the myths are stilll in town
True love and lipstick on your linen
Bite the pillow, make no sound
If there's some living to be done
Before your life becomes your tomb
You'd better know I'm the one
Unchain your back door, invite me around
cause i think it's too hard, i'll tell you it's by Iron Maiden
I have no Idea

The best thing about tonight is were not fighting
Could it be that we have been this way before?
I know you don't think that I am trying
I know your wearing thin down to the core.
But hold your breathe
Bbecause tonight will be the night
 That I will fall for you
Over again
Don't make me change my mind
Or I wont live to see another day,
I swear it's true Because a girl like you is impossible to find.
You're impossible to find
Secondhand Serenade - Fall For You!!

You know we're so alone wherever we go
You know we don't fit in, we'll never fit in
You know we fly at risk, yeah we're flying at risk
Hey, but we're the shit, we're the shit

So what if all we do don't make any sense?
We're just so full of it, at least we don't pretend
					
					

You were laying on the carpet like you're satin in a coffin
You said "do you believe what you're seein?"
"Yeah right now but not that often"
---
Honk honk.
Crap I dont know!
Ok the following is my FAVE song... well one of them anyways

So far away from where I'm going
I'm trying hard to find out who I am
They all say that I dont know what im doing
I say they dont hardly understand
Why can't they remember
What Ill never forget
How these dream come undone
When your young
I don't know .


I love your body
Not so much I like your mind
Infact you're boring
Pretend not being of my kind
You keep on talking of some girl I don't know
When will you shut up and when will we go
Ummm I done know....

Dig thourgh the ditches,
It burns through the witches,
I slam on the back of my Draguala!


(I think I got those lyrics right)
hmmm I dont know.. but I knew the secondhand serenade one!! love that song 
no idea

yes i will see you.
through the smoke and flames
on the front line of war
Um I have no Idea

Dont Judge me,
Just love me
Im not a crimminal all innocence
So come and set me free
I choose escstacy
And musics my religon
Your magic is my kingdom
And the dancefloor is my heaven
I get plur (woohoo) (X2)
I get plur
peace
Love
Unity
Respect
These are the things I will never forget
I get plur
Music is my drug
theres love in the club
lol I know it was easy. I love the song though.
Yours: I have no idea.....

Before the story begins,
Is it such a sin
for me to take whats mine,
at the end of all time?
we were more then friends,
before the story ends
And I will take whats mine,
create what God could never design
It was Kiss it better by Jeffree Star

Yours: absolutely no Idea D:

My skin looks like vanilla
My mouth is made of sugar
Sweet cheeks
Cupcakes
Give me something sweet
I'm good enough to eat
Oh yeah
Ohh I dont listen to Jeffree Star.
Mine was by avenged Sevenfold. I forgot what it was call tho!
no idea

How do I live,
Without the ones I love.
Time still turns the pages as the book gets burned.
Face and time your always on my mind.
aww no wonder u dont know my songs! :/ You should listen to her! She is awesome! 
Ohh I dont listen to Jeffree Star.Mine was by avenged Sevenfold. I forgot what it was call tho!no idea How do I live,Without the ones I love.Time still turns the pages as the book gets burned.Face and time your always on my mind. you dont know the song you wrote the lyrics forit's a little piece of heaven  shawn.... no idea this shinning city built of goldfar cry from innocencethere more than meets the eye around herelook to the waters of the deep
no clue xD

It's never enough for you, baby.
Don't wanna play your game anymore - no matter what you say.
I'm all outta love for you, baby.
And now that I've tried everything I'll numb the pain until I'm made of stone.
you dont know the song you wrote the lyrics forit's a little piece of heaven  shawn.... no idea this shinning city built of goldfar cry from innocencethere more than meets the eye around herelook to the waters of the deep No I forgot what the title was called. theres a difference. umm no idea Believe in me,When you feel like your loosing on your hopes and dreamsBelieve in me,When I am gone you gotta keep a smile onBelieve in meGoodbye my friends.Just celebrate the times we spent
No I forgot what the title was called. theres a difference. umm no idea Believe in me, When you feel like your loosing on your hopes and dreams Believe in me, When I am gone you gotta keep a smile on Believe in me Goodbye my friends.Just celebrate the times we spentBelieve- BOTDF Last night,We were dancing on the table,Swinging from the chandelier,Singing, "Ay oh!"Last night,They had to shut the whole place down,So we took it to the boulevard.Try to remember last night.Wish I could remember the time of my life.Alright. I can't wait for tonight to be like last night.
i have no clue but i do know my fav song

ladies and gentlemen
whores and slut
step right up and let all your fantisies come to life
this is a place were you can escape
welcome to... CANDYLAND
Candyland by BOTDF DUH, MANG

I feel the madness creeping slowly
Loved by many, I'm still lonely
Pay the price for your mistake
The music died the day I walked away

No, I won't let you win
Not this time my friend
You know that I'm better in the end
No, you won't take my pride
I'll keep my head held high
'Cause I know that I'm better in the end 

Btw, I love this song.
No clue ._.

Just look at the mess you made, such a shame, 
A shame we had to find out this way.
Revenge loves company, three makes it a crowd.
So watch your mouth, and sit this one out.
no idea 

even if u have

even if u need

i don't mean to stare

we don't have to breed

we can plant a house

we can build a tree

i don't even care

we can have all 3
Mine was Underdog - You Me At Six 

I have no idea .__.

Softly we tremble tonight, picture perfect fading smiles are all that's left in sight.
I said I'd never leave, you'll never change, I'm not satisfied with where I'm at in life.
Am I supposed to be happy with all I ever wanted? It comes with a price.
Am I supposed to be happy with all I ever wanted? It comes with a price.
You said, said that you would die for me.
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus - Cat And Mouse Lyrics :3

I've traveled in darkness
For what seems like days
I crawled from the sink-holes
Collapsed under this weight
I know not you sorrows but I know mine
So say you'll stay and dance with me tonight?

In the glow of twilight, our world is finally calm
I felt it complete me, as the stars gave way to dawn
A language universal but I, speak not its tongue
Is this a night that spans forever, or a dawn that never comes?
I don't know Who's to say there's a way this has to end.We're writing our own rules,Who's to blame give me names and what they said.Oh how could they hurt youAnd when you crumble away under pressureYou need to borrow my strength and I'll let ya.It's getting heavier, hold, hold it steadier I see
"Kill Caustic" Little Supernovas In My HeadLittle Soft Pulses In My DeadLittle Souvenirs And Secrets SharedLittle Off Guard And UnpreparedI Was Never Good Enough To FindI Was Never Bad Enough To MindIn The Middle I Will Do My BestTake Me In Your Arms And Leave The Rest
I'll wait till another day,
Then I'll take all this money I own,
And throw it all away.(;
Don't no


Ur promises
they look like lies
Ur honesty
Like a back that hides a knife
no clue.
what the fuck
put your cheek to the curb
cuz right niw im gonna stomp ur fuckin face in
i hope you choke (sp?) on all the cum u fucking swallow to get urself to the top
oooooooor
its just like him
to wander off in the evergreen park
slowly searching
for any sings of the ones he used to know
he says hes got nothing left to live for
i should know that one, but my mind is blank right now _

woah oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
woah oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
woah oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
woah oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
mine was immaculate misconception-motionless in white nd youre not alone-saosin
and i listened to that song a million times but cant remember the name 

forget about the dirty looks
the photographs you're boyfriend took
remember when you broke your foot
from jumping off the second floor
I'm Not Okay - MCR

Crash land, still I can't find you. And just as things were looking up, we're stuck.
Don't panic, cos I'm left without food. And just as things were heating up, 
I should have told you that you're good enough.
Crash land by twin titanic 

"If I could hold back the rain, would you numb the pain?
'Cause I remember everything.
If I could help you forget, would you take my regrets?
'Cause I remember everything."
It's Twin Atlantic, but yes! You get a cookie :3 

Remember Everything - Five Finger Death Punch

Shorty said she wants to run away, says I look like a boy she used to date,
 took me by the hand and lead me to the stairs.
  Put her tongue all up in my ear
   Almost made me spill my beer
    She's up and ready to go but I don't care
Of course it's "I feel like dancin" by all time low


I'd never lie to you
Unless I had to
I'll do what I got to
Unless I had to
I'll do what I got to, the truth
is you could slit my throat
And with my one last gasping breath
I'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt
You're So Last Summer - Taking Back Sunday 

She was only a lonely accomplice, it was all for the best in the end.
But I'd die to make her realise I'm only trying to get through these all other dudes.
I hope you're happy now, distance won't allow me to build brides to you.
It's kind of funny how you're all over town, like it's the right thing to do.
You stumped me

Gimme a break
this is the schoolyard shit you all know
grow, another weak attept to waste my time
so ante up, and call my bluff
or put the cigarette down and hop the first train out of town
That's a song by Farewell... maybe? I think.

I hear Jerusalem bells a ringing
Roman Cavalry choirs are singing
Be my mirror, my sword and shield
My missionaries in a foreign field

For some reason I can't explain
I know Saint Peter won't call my name
Never an honest word
But that was when I ruled the world...
viva la vida by coldplay

yes its cut you a new smile by farewell

" i could have been easier on you
i could have been all you held on to
i know i wasnt fair
i tried m best to care about you"
Every Avenue- Tell me I'm a Wreck This:Take me, I'm aliveI never was a girl with a wicked mindBut everything looks better when the sun goes downI had everything, opportunities for eternityAnd I could belong to the nightEyes, your eyesI can see in your eyes, your eyes
I don't know.



I have never been so consumed,
And I have never loved it more.
To be devoted to letting all see what it is to live in the love of others.

To live in the love of my brothers.
And spilling back on anyone
Has ever spilled for me.
To show that to those who have never seen.

Four years ago we planted a seed.
Found that foundation that we need.
Strived for the perfect balance,
to show love and show compassion.
AFI- Kill Caustic

I remember when it was together till the end
Now i'm alone again
Where do i begin?
I cried a little bit
You died a little bit
Please say there's no regrets
And say you wont forget 
But i'm not lost
I'm not gone
I haven't forgot
These feelings i cant shake no more
These feelings are running out the door
Avril Lavinge- Remember when


This city bleeds for us,
Broken hearts and lovely crust.
We're never coming back for more,
More more more.

We'll take the last chance,
We'll do the last dance.
We'll never come back here no more,
More more more.
End of Green- Goodnight Insomnia

I'm walking down the line
That divides me somewhere in my mind
On the border line
Of the edge and where i walk alone

Read between the lines
What's fucked up when everything's alright
Check my vital signs 
To know i'm still alive and i walk alone
Greenday Boulevard of broken dreams

I hate feeling like this
I'm so tired of trying to fight this
I'm asleep and all I dream of

Is waking to you
Tell me that you will listen
Your touch is what I'm missing
And the more I hide I realize I'm slowly losing you
Skillet- Comatose
All I ever felt was this Helplessness
Imprisoned by a selfish bitch
Chew me up and spit me out
I felt for this  so many times 
its ridiculous

And still i stick with this
I'm sick of this but in my sickness and addiction
You're as addictive as they get
Evil as they come vindictive as they make them
My friends keep asking why cant just walk away from
I,m addicted
So like, i watched this cool movie, a few years ago , and i wanna watch it again but cant remember the name

Its about a group of friends that finds a weird video game. the begin playing and eventually get hook. however they begin to die one after the other,
until the eventually realize that the same way they die in  the game is very similar to the way they die in real life, 
the show proceeds with the remaining  friends; the figure out that in order to stay alive they have to stay alive in the game, however there's a twist in the story they realize that even when they stop playing or pause the game it continues any way  .

dont remember anything else only that after they won the game they decided to destroy it but ironically the next day the game is placed on every shelf of video game stores.

the game in the show was in a black case with red writing 

really wanna watch this movie again anybody have idea whats it called?
Stay Alive o.o
yea that's it 
thanks alot
the first one didn't post correctly..but here it is again:
Ohh gawd. Idk I really like the I'm Not Okay (I Promise) music video by MCR :3 really, all music videos are amazing. I really like the Knives and Pens video. OH. Any Avenged Sevenfold video...um. Yeah. :3
Well, I am not the biggt fan of Rise Against, but their song "Make it Stop" has a meaning that I love. check it outhm...Suicide Silence "Wake Up"

Sigur Ros, seriously one of the best bands out there. One of the more popular post-rock bands too.
This video along with the song never fail to stir up some kind of emotion within me.
die romantic by aiden, or any vid from them really
Right now one of my favorites is Bite My Tongue - You Me At Six

my favs are, it hurts, and, the adventure, by angels and airwaves )
My favorite is misery business by paramore
I recently..well a few months ago..ish...but anyways..I love the Do It Now, Remember It Later Video by Sleeping With Sirens
The Thespian by Alesana. . The song's okay. but Shawn Milke is cute as fuuuuuuudge.
The Final Episode by Asking Alexandria video
BVB fallen angels or knives n pens or Im not a vampire falling in reverse


KNIVES & PENS 

another is
combichrist sent to destroy
some of my fav vids



					
					

i found this entertaining
found what entertaining?
OK Queen of the damned is one of the best vampire movie ive ever seen                                                                                                                                         yet again there's interview with the vampires another sick movieSo what vampire movie do you think is better Queen of the damned or interview with the vampirescause literally one of them has to be the greatestfor those who haven't seen those movie you better see them cause they'refreaking awesome This was kinda started cause Leah is totally inlove with Queen of the damned


yes, i am a big fan. Queen Of The Damned wins hands down.
I kinda felt like this was Stuart Townsend vs Brad Pitt.(Townsend wins btws) a little. 
If i actually set down and read Interview With Vampire and Queen Of The Damned. i believe my oppinion would be different, But those books are boring imo.  so i dont think it will Ever happen.
Listen to this amazing Band!
I've seen that band name before somewhere...
Hmm I wonder....Lol
I've listened to them before :3
First time listening to them. They're pretty good.

Goodnight Insomnia is one of my favorite songs by them  which you already knewDead End Hero is nice :3 Nice Day To Die, Farewell,  Killhoney, The Sickness Crown, Let Sleeping Gods Lie, and High Hopes In Low Places are some really good songs by them to xD
which is ur fav character and why

my fav is Gaara he is so differnt and so hot XD
My fav is Gaara cuse He's leader of the sand and I really like his eyes
Kaboto is my favorite ^,..,^
Death Note  Naruto.

Just saying.
i like naruto alot.... that show changed me like it saved me from the darkness and brot me into the light ^.^ thanks you naruto!!
Naruto Sucks! So does anime as a whole.
Naruto and Death Note are both pretty sucky but uhm.. in answer to the question.

Neji.
i love itachi uchiha
I know I tormented you all before with the Banana song by Onision. But Now Im gonna torment you with this  hehe
oh god. why?
-.- why?
SHAWN. I already saw this whhyyyyyy are you going to let me have sleepless nights haring this screaming voice in my head? Picturing his greasy smiling face, talking nonsense, whyyyyyyyyy.
im starting to think shawn hates us....
or just trying to turn us all into bananas.
Or he has a strange fetish for bananas O.o
lol or he just weird O.o
Or he has a strange fetish for bananas O.oMaybe
Maybe I KNEW IT!!!
hahahahahaha xD

Death Note is too epic to be put with such a total fail of a TV show as Family Guy.
^^ agreed...
Death note is da best...but family guy wud ruin it completely
i agree
i don't like family guy but i love death note
STFU, family guy = best show ever!!
I read it in like 7th grade. I hardly remember what it was about, but I still want to know the name of it.
Here's what I remember:
There was a girl that becomes a scribe for a wizard. I think, if I remember right, she impersonated a boy for a little while. I remember a bird in there somewhere, I don't know why that of all things. Maybe it was a griffin/gryphon/what have you. At some point in time, she was looking for a mage.
I think it might have been part of a series.
Did you forget it shortly after waking up?
No. .
YEAH THAT^
O.O
really? the first book is called "Alanna: The First Adventure"
okay no it's not that
it sounded a lot like it though O.O
not really helpful at all but I think the book had an orange cover O.o
eslkdfghjselkhfgl I FOUND IT BY SEARCHING SIMILAR BOOKS
I LOVE YOU
okay I'm done
Squire. It's the third book in that series.


No orange cover, btw.
Sad day.
					
					

hahaha yeah?! awesome 

why sad day?
The cover wasn't orange like I thought it was xD
oh hahahaha fair enough everyone makes mistakes though
1.Whos ur favoritee character in FullMeatal Alchemist?
2.what wudd you rather be? State Alchemist or homunculi ?
3.which pair is a cuter couple royxriza or edxwinry?
My favorite character is Roy Mustang, 
and id wana be a State alchemist and i think royxriza is cuter
Okay, fave character is Ed, I'd wanna be a State Alchemist (my little bro has a State Alchemist watch, it's soooo cool!) And fave couple is EdxWinrey
My favorite character would most definitely be Ed and I would much rather be a State Alchemist. OF COURSE, EDXWINRY is the cuter couple XD
lol edxwinry ? hehee theey are pretty cutee to be honest xD
Okay, fave character is Ed, I'd wanna be a State Alchemist (my little bro has a State Alchemist watch, it's soooo cool!) And fave couple is EdxWinreyomgee for reals ! thts freaking awesomee
my favourite character is roy mustang
but i would rather be a homunculi (i would be sloth)
and i think edxwinry
1.Whos ur favoritee character in FullMeatal Alchemist?2.what wudd you rather be? State Alchemist or homunculi ?3.which pair is a cuter couple royxriza or edxwinry?My favorite character is Roy Mustang,and id wana be a State alchemist and i think royxriza is cuter  1.I loved Envy(long dead)2. State alchemist3. Ed & WinryI love Fullmetal and hey let's show some love for Al! After all- he's finally gotten his body back. Btw Flame Alchemy kicks ass(RM)
yeah same, envy was my favourite homunculi and my second favourite character, i just love fire so thats why i chose Roy
Ohh shyeeaaah Envy kicked ass. Best suicide on an anime show ever.
yep, without a doubt
i used to have the game on PS3..
ps2 i meant
haha  i was gonna say...
My fav's Roy, I'd rather be a homunculous, and I don't like either pair... I LOVE EDXROY!!!
O'Tay so my favorite character is Edward Elric!!! He is soo cute 
I think Edward is just plain awsome, It'd be sweet to be a State Alchemist, and if I had to choose, it would be EdxWinry
edxwinry is my vote on this they look like a perfect couple and my fav is Edward
oh i rather be a state Alchemist
I miss FMA D:
Edward Elric is the best character  best coulpe edxwinry and of course i would be a state alchemist cause going against Roy is a pain in the ass xD
1. Edward/ Envy
2. I'd rather be a state alchemist! 
3. RoyxRiza. (I'm sorry but Winry annoys the hell out of me. .)
What makes you happy or calm (besides drug, sex or alcohol)? 
The weirdest thing helps me. I poke holes in a peice of paper till I'm smiling. XD  wat about u?
well I like to eat gummy bears and pretend I'm killing then its really fun.
Hmmm... Music And My Best Friend
feeling like im not alone
drinking blood not joking and talk to my bf
listening to linkin park
linkin park is awesome.....poetry defenatly
I like to shuffle and listen to some Good ole music.
drink my blood and sleep until society changes
music and....being with patrick
happy? hmmm not much but yet i always smile
music =life... ///.^
and my kasey
wait i lied mountain dew voltage makes me happy that and jolly ranchers
Really happy music makes me feel warm and fuzzy and I actually escape reality and that maes me happy =DDD!
I like walking around in the rain, writing poetry, or just listening to some deep music.(:
listening to linkin parklol luv them soooooo much!!! ^^
they r kul!
listenin to loud music....just bein with my lovely jane....nd ripping paper
ok standing in rain and emopuddle and plants vs zombies ( i love the heads falling off ) and readin twilight and chronicles of vladimire tod and hunger games and texting my bestest friend that i really like behind my gfs back oh and imaging that i am in the hunger games i have the love story but a little remixed oh and the most i love snuggleing with my teddy bears under a soft warm blanket
wait i lied mountain dew voltage makes me happy that and jolly ranchersThat's the sugar rush talkin!Starbuck and cinnabon makes me happy to the max.
Frappes, ice-cream, chocolate, the internet, candy, television, my dog, my fish, my cell phone, books, and my mp3 player. 

Wow. That's a longer list than I expected. LOL
ok standing in rain and emopuddle and plants vs zombies ( i love the heads falling off ) and readin twilight and chronicles of vladimire tod and hunger games and texting my bestest friend that i really like behind my gfs back oh and imaging that i am in the hunger games i have the love story but a little remixed oh and the most i love snuggleing with my teddy bears under a soft warm blanketHaa I agree. Mostly on the reading part. I like Vladimire Tod alot(:
lol he rocks i sometimes jump in the air just to feel like im flying and it could be at a random time like walking in the hall
lmao y would u want to do that?
to make my life feel more like his his awsome life he even gets 2 girls and if he wanted a guy
lmao.. ur freakin retarded
hey whatever i usually do is to make me or someone happy
ur tottaly awesome...no worries! i wanna fly....i tried and broke my arm....i ran down a hill and tried jumping up....it hurt!
ehh. not much makes me happy anymore. :\
my phone and my special girls that are friends i love them so much
Everything Makes me happy, thats why i am always happy.
being happy makes me happy  ... also i like playing with my cat... it is so fluffy and fat  its a very cute cat... and when i hold it in my hands he makes a funny noice.. like a pig
MUSIC!!!! GIRLS!!!! AND FRIENDS!!!!
my fiance greg.. makes me d happiest.. my friends.. and my sis and nephew and niece
Watching kitten videos on youtube ^^
Some of my music , custard, my cat, some videos on youtube and drawing all make me happy when i feel terrible =P
My friends, when things go my way, my appartment, my family, my country, money (yeah, money), love, and animals..
skateboarding!!!
My piano, the cat that lives next door but spends all of his time with me who I have decided is now MY CAT, skateboarding, talking to my mom over the phone,
Dr pepper, and poptarts.
my mind... sometimes. lol:D
Monkeys:P
MUSIC!!!!!!!!!!
definitely music . . and poetry as well as drawing. .
if im pissed i either go crazy and shoot at my targets out back my house with my archery equipment or my paintball gun or i blast music and write A LOT! till im smiling or laughing a little
Music, skateboarding, friends, drawing/watching anime, waffles, poptarts, colored cupcakes
drawing, listening to music, chillin' with the most awesome girls ever (Amy and Celeste! ), and venting my anger out on people on xbox live lol
drawing, listening to music, chillin' with the most awesome girls ever (Amy and Celeste! ), and venting my anger out on people on xbox live lollmao I didn't even realize that that was you, I saw the name and I thought it looked familiar. and you need a pic, just fyi.what makes ME happy?music, drawing, singing, hangin with awesome people (Jason, you're one of the awesome people, notice the sig lol, and so is Amy. :3 ), or just talkin to them. and I've recently decided to pick up my guitar that I've played maybe three times.
jordan, pearl, drawing, music, and thunderstorms
the thingz that make me happy r, cheesy horror films, music, all my friends on here (Jade, Caleb!), music, playin my clarinet, poetry, and thunder or lightning storms
happy? uh... anything sadistic, my girlfriend, art, music and my guys.
Mmm, the taste of blood, and duck taping my shoes.
I draw abuunchh of stuff n put my ipod on shuffle its totaly sweet cuz i zone out in my own lil worllldd
Writing songs, listening to music. 
and
when me and my family, and friends r getting along.
Writing songs, listening to music. andwhen me and my family, and friends r getting along.haha, totally agree with everything. I just like music, either playing my bass or clarinet, or just chilling somewhere with friends and writing.
--- music, painting, hair dye, muffins, eyeliner, colorful things, and a guy who makes my life a living hell
My Most beloved ^^
Music, DDO, facebook, friends and a lot of things including love ^^
LOTS AND LOTS OF EYELINER & ART! Art is my life. Listening to my favourite bands, writing, spending time with friends and family are also things that make me happy
Candy & Drawing :3
wiggly puppys
ok standing in rain and emopuddle and plants vs zombies ( i love the heads falling off ) and readin twilight and chronicles of vladimire tod and hunger games and texting my bestest friend that i really like behind my gfs back oh and imaging that i am in the hunger games i have the love story but a little remixed oh and the most i love snuggleing with my teddy bears under a soft warm blanketi love vlad and to my dismay i cant get my hands on 4 or 5 because my moms a cheap skate.
nothing realy it just boddels up untel i pop like a soda can thrown on pavmen then a warm shower turns ice cold and my shoulder is torn to shreds. ive done good but the cans falling once agian. I find being on her slows the inevatable tho.
Simply listening to my favorite music on my IPod makes me smile when I have a bad day, but when I have a REALLY bad day, dancing makes me feel so much better cus after such a rigorous workout, you feel lighter, I can't really explain it, its jst a feeling u get .
painting.. and writing..
i love pudding!
I also love to write and read and draw.
I love Nachos!
music, eating, drawing and anime :3
anime, music, my boyfriend, my bass guitar, friends, family, and cheese!!!
music, friends, Black ops, yelling back at the english teacher. (shes a hoe)
music, friends, Black ops, yelling back at the english teacher. (shes a hoe)LOL.
I agree with the black ops! lol! im Ali btw.
Music, black ops, drawing, and writing!!
There's nothing that I really like doing, but having the time to enjoy whatever I want is satisfying, especially since I don't have much these days.
i cant play black ops on my prehistoric PC T_T ... this actually isnt making me happy :-D
Music
well I like to eat gummy bears and pretend I'm killing then its really fun.
my mind... sometimes. lol:D
When my friends are happy, I'm happy.
What makes me happy??, well my friends for one... I love hanging around them, when I'm with them its like I don't have a care in the world:)... oh and of course, the usual food/water fights that occur within my group when we're all at school, it's usually my crush that starts it... and its always me he aims for (he prefers to try and get in down my top)... he makes me happy... though not many people know it... oo and music, I love my music haha see I got lots of things that make me happy... but sometimes they don't always work.
Going for a walk in rain and at night. I get crazy and hyper and I practically bounce my way down the sidewalk. lol
riding in the car on an overcast day with the windows down..singing along to Death Cab or TPS or really whatever I feel like.. even Taylor Swift.. Being myself makes me happiest.
The only thing that cqn make me happy, is music.
Finding a cool new song to listen to makes me go
bed =l with or without company, doesn't matter.
it's hard to decide . a lot of things and people make me happy :3
Riding in the passenger side of a car with my ipod on louudddd. I watch the outside and watch the world go by
Or just buying things for me
Playing the piano or the drums or the guitar
Singing my little heart out 
Dancing lykk nobody is watching (:
Just hanging out wif my friends c:
Making people smile :L
COD and music
music, friends and boyfirend...
Who here plays Call of Duty on the Ps3? I'm not talking Modern Warfare or World at War, I'm talking BLACK OPS.
If you do play, are you good?
What's your favorite map on Multiplayer and Nazi Zombies?
And just for the hell of it, who here enjoyed Modern Warfare 3? (I know I didn't)
Who knows, maybe we all could play together sometime
me!!!!!!! 

but i play mw3 mainly 

i duno but i come top in most games 

fav multiplayer map is lanch and fav zombie is accencion (round 43 ) 

me cuz its epic

pm me your name on the ps3 if u wanna play with meh
Ohmy god I suck at cod T-T
I play Zelda.
I play Mw3 on ps3..!! Black ops sucks!
If you all wanna add me on the ps3 my screen name thing is endofgreen15
just to say shawn i added u
what u got against black ops?
to add on the how good i just got 86-4 on a match
Nothing is wrong with Black Ops. Some people just like Modern Warfare instead. Hell, if I had Modern Warfare 2, I wouldn't even play Black Ops. All the same, it gives you no right to say that Black Ops sucks. You can dislike it all you want, but that doesn't mean it sucks.

Away from the boring old bullshit. Mr. SKSK_Sniper, I might be seeing things, but I swear I've played with you before. My gamertag is now NoahDagger, you may add me if you want
iv liked every call of duty since COD 3  lol well my new profile is called XxSKSK_sniperxX and iv only play mw2 and 3 on it so far :/ anyway iv added u
And I have officially added you
i play mw3 on pc (steam) and also mw2 . I hate EMP .
I'm bored so I'm gonna write another book (I write them for fun, I'll submit them to publishers some day) and I need help.

So I need creative ideas, for one, I want to do something that has not been overdone. Second I write fiction.  Third I'd love your opinions on setting (submit picture reference) and last, random character names, though I'm pretty good at that 

Thank yewwwsss.
You're asking for people to give you their ideas for something you're later going to publish...? That's wrong on so many levels. If you want to propose ideas and get opinion then ok but uhm, you can't just take people's ideas and them write a book you later intend to publish, or try to.
No no no, I wouldn't publish it if other people helped me with it. Not from here.
I think I'm crying, in a good way of course
aww thank you
so if yu went to Hogwarts what house would yu be in? i took a quiz and it said i was in gryfindor what house are you in?
Aparently im in gryfindor...ahh think I spelt it wrong o.O
Aparently im in gryfindor...ahh think I spelt it wrong o.O
hulfuelpuff I THINK I SPELT IT WRONG
oks i freaking guessed iwas gonna be in Slytherin xD and I AM!!! 
green and black! -fist pump-
@ fallen angel yah i took that quiz to and gryffndor rules!


Personally, I like Kill Everybody the most c;
The song name alone is amazing. x3
yeah, it's pretty good. i think thier best vid is First Of The Year, tho
AWESSSOMME game! And thanks U got me addicted _____________
(o:
It is addicting, lol.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
Damn you Gamzee, I can't stop playing this freaking game xD
Same here my new high score is like 22500! D:
NYAN CAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So like, I don't like dead baby jokes, but they amuse me. They shouldn't, it's a little fucked up for people who have lost children or other loved ones. So honestly I mean no offense to anyone  is bothered by this topic. I know, I know, dead babies are not funny. Don't worry, I'll try to pick the least vulgar ones, like sex with dead baby ones  Anyways now that I got that little notice out of the way, on to the dead baby jokes. Just to list a fewHow many dead babies does it take to paint a room? Depends on how hard you throw them.Why do you unload a truck full of dead babies with a pitchfork?So you can tell which ones are still alive. What present do you get for a dead baby?A dead puppy.What's worse than a dead baby in a trash can lid? A trash can lid in a dead baby.Why did the baby fall off the swing?Because it had no arms or legs.What do you call a baby with no arms and no legs in the middle of the ocean?Fucked.What's red and lies in all four corners of the room? A baby that's been playing with a chainsaw.What is the definition of revenge?A baby with a dog in its mouth.How are babies and the elderly alike? Both are fun to throw out of moving cars.What do you call a baby on a stick?A kebabie.** Anyway I'm only going to post like 10 of these, since they're quite easy to find. I'd like to see if any of you guys know any more unheard of ones   and don't start an argument on this topic. Really. There are worse things in life than jokes.
How do you get a baby (admittedly, alive) to stop crawling in circles?
Nail down the other hand.
So why do you put a baby in a blender feet first? To watch its facial expression.
Sooo.....iwas watching the new paranormal activite movie...it sucked. Big Time . it was awful Dx
Anyways I was wondering what are some of the worse movies of all time??

My list:
Paranormal activites movies
The rite
Big Bad Wolf
The bolb
Some harry potter movies
Twilight
Rescue Dawn
Teeth
My soul to take
Chain letter
The messager 2 
Bruno
The marine
Stuck on you
The vacancy 2
The butterfly effect 2
The visitors
Nightmare on elm street
fear dot com
Stay alive
Beloved
Feast
unborn
Solitaire
Accepted
The happening
GET RICH OR DIE TRYING
Funny games
BONES
Panic room
Some Princess movies
Number 23
.....as you can see I can go on forever ______
I like quite a few of those, including stay alive, panic room and twilight, lol.
Really?? Twilight was/is stupid. I only like the books lol Panic room and Stay alive are mostly boring and a little funny.
i hate the hangover and all those movies that think there funny becouse there acting like dumbasses .
Really?? Twilight was/is stupid. I only like the books lol Panic room and Stay alive are mostly boring and a little funny.Twilight is only stupid if you put it in the supernatural/vampire/werewolf category. That's like judging a comedy based on horror or action values.
Ehh never thought of that
I honestly hate.
- Tomorrow When The War Began.
- Twilight.
- Harry potter And The Deathly Hallows Part 1.
- Dream Girls.
-Rio.
-Cyrus.
-I Love You Phillip Morris.
-Avatar The Last Air Bender.

Alot more but i can't quiet think of them at the moment.
i hate little shop of horrors OMG ITS SO OLD AND NOT COOL I ONCE HAD TO DO THE MUSICAL OMG IT SUCKED
TWILIGHT IS THE WORST THING EVER INVENTED...at least, thats my opinion; rofdol
TWILIGHT IS THE WORST THING EVER INVENTED...at least, thats my opinion; rofdolhaha im indifferent to them there just movies there to mush my brain xP
Mush??? Lmfao
RUBBER. RUBBER ABSOLUTELY SUCKS.
It was about a psychic tire that blows stuff up (even people.) and it blows em up. And then all these cops are after this stupid little tire, and eventually they blow it up, but it gets reincarnated as a tricycle D; I had to watch the whole thing because it was one of those movies that I can't stop watching.
honestly, the stupidest movie i have ever seen in my life... was definitely... Breaking Dawn. I watched it and i literally hated sparkling vampires and werewolves since then. Ugh!
Really?? Twilight was/is stupid. I only like the books lol Panic room and Stay alive are mostly boring and a little funny.LOL Panic Room wasn't even scary!!!!! i took it to a sleep over, we feel asleep half way thro it cuz it was soooooooo boring!!!!! LOL good times...
ikr. I like Peter griffens better 

beauty and the best also stupid as fuck.
-stopms on beauty and the beast- omg die! Why was u made??
the worst film ever is the dark crystal :/
Really?? Twilight was/is stupid. I only like the books lol Panic room and Stay alive are mostly boring and a little funny.they're both horrible (especially the books) Dxtho thatz my opinion (that im pretty sure alot of ppl will agree with)
im talkin 'bout twilight
Any movie that stars/features a normal animal, but 20 times bigger then it should be.
(Megashark vs Crocosaurus, Anaconda, Megaladon, Monster Brawl etc).
Not all Monster films are bad, though (King Kong, Jaws).

Oh, and Twilight.
Twilight is terrible narrative wise, and Kristen Stewart is by far one of the worst actors. I've seen better actors in porn, for gods sake.
S. Darko is the worst sequel ever.
Lesbian Vampire Killers! Just sayin' xD
The Twilight books were amazing to read but the movies were a MAJOR disappointment

Avatar the Last Airbender was the BIGGEST disappointment of my life. If the majority of the characters in the movie are of asian desecent like japanese or chinese then why the hell do you replace them with people that don't look anything like the show? Thats my curiosity
Worst movie ever made = Attack of the Killer Tomatoes. _
I actually hated the movie Avatar.
It was WAY too long ..
And yeah. I've watched that three hour "masterpiece" four times now D:
If I were an Avatar
That little tree that they hook their hair to would be a drug tree
And I'd be like
"Hey guise, lets hook up to the drug tree!" 
And we'd all get high off this tree.
And we wouldn't give a fck if some guy tried blowing our house up ..
hell yeah leah those movies blows.. and lots more and stupid drama and musical movies are really boring...
what your favorite disney movie? )
Mulan fer sure! :3 -secret shame-
craig mulan ish mine! D: u cant haves my musho! 
I has 3 favs: Nemo,Mulan,Lilo & Stitch :3 
I HATE BEAUTY AND THE BEAST!!!!! D: js lol
I said it first!!! Oh yes -win- :3 how childish of me ;P
thats because iddnts get here fasters! D: 
i lubbs mulan. i memerized every song on the first movie by heart
But but.. :'( I sing along in my head! xD

Lmfao well my family would laugh at me if i was singing along normally!!
So?? lol xD idc at alls. i dance to :3 lol
You will never see me dancing to it rofl!! Such a good movie though
omg! iks. 
We Are Men! 
O.M.G i looooovvveee finding nemo!
mulan
I LOOOOOVVVEEE all the Disney Princess Movies (:
Iv always luvd d little mermaid...(wen little always wishd to b a mermaid :3)
Mulan for suree and no its not because I am asian, well maybe a little but I love it xD
1
salad fingers is awesome...kinda creepy but awesome
lol i love salad fingers!
me tew F:
Lol:D 
I like laughing.
yup.
I'm so stupid.
yup.
Hey!!! _
i love salad fingers...lotta people thinks its too freaky...last year my parents wanted 2 stop me frm watchin it cuz i creeped everyone out by actin like him lol...
I'm not sure why, but Salad Fingers scares the cheez-nips out of me
lol kidding
that was ORGASMIC!!

ha! i like salad fingers
xD
HAHAH I LOVE SALAD FINGERS!!!!!
 hehehe hes funny

"i think i'll name you, hubert cumberdale"
"i like it when the red water comes out" ^.^
Omfg hes like crazy but cool isnt there a meaning towards the clips though?? Hmm anyways i love how theres random creepy creatures in it xp or when he thinks hes pregnant xD haha ahh i had some weird dreams though after watching it at first o.O
Dude. It's so fucked up.
Epic xD
His voice freeks me out completely 

epic though lawl
Oh my god, why have I not seen this thread before? I LOVE SALAD FINGERS :3! 'Cos I'm disturbed like that.
Salad Fingers 
o.o
xD
I love those books. I can't wait for the movie  I'm soooo with you there.
Have you seen the site? o.o
I LUV THE HUNGER GAMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oooooh! who do u guys think is hottier? Gale or Peta?!
IMM WIFF CHU. *Fistpump*
Have you seen the site? o.oYeah  I just got my mom to read the books, she's addicted and I feel like a drug dealer xD
OMG OMG OMG OMG
Peta is sooo much hotter than gale is lol
 i read the book like a gazilions of times and I completly LOVE IT!!!
Despite who's hotter...
Team Peeta or Team Gale?
hunger  games rule!!  i luvvvvv the books cant wait to see the movie
ima guy so ima go with Katnes
Um...so a friend posted this on facebook..so i watched it and thought it was very sweet....Thought that I'd share it with you guys too (:
cute .
thanks ^___^
no probs .
its so sweet and nice and cute :3
its so sweet and nice and cute :3i know right?
my friends posted it on fb and i was like  awhs :3
and you posted it on here and i was like awwww
yesh...its quite an awww video ^-^
very adorable
i must show it to more ppl..... o.0
Choose Your Birth Month
Jan - I ate
Feb - I licked
Mar - I ran partied with
April - I smoked with
... May - I ran shirtless with
June - I beat up
July - I cuddled with
Aug - I needed
Sept - I shot
Oct - I shanked
Nov - I stabbed
Dec - I slept with

Pick the day (number) you were born on
01 - my lover
02 - a dog
03 - Obama
04 - A homo
05 - a cell phone
06 - A toothbrush
07 - a hippie
08 - a glass of milk
09 - a porn star
10 - Paris Hilton
11 - the Trojan man
12 - a teletubby
13 - the kool-aid man
14 - some crack heads
15 - an Easter egg
16 - a pot head
17 - a bum
18 - a stripper
19 - a horse
20 - a homeless guy
21 - a drink
22 - my best friend
23 - the cookie monster
24 - my boy friend
25 - a bowl of cereal
26 - a golf ball
27 - a bag of weed
28 - a french fry
29 - your mom
30 - your grandma
31 - a mop

Pick the color of shirt you are wearing
White - because hoes keep stealing my tacos
Black - because I'm sexy like that
Pink - Because I'm a heartbreaker
Red - because i'm naughty
Brown- because I had to
Polka Dots - because I hate my life
Purple - because I'm gay
Gray - because i'm hot
Other -because I have double D's
Green - because I love marijuana
Orange - because I smoke crack
Turquoise - because I have a noodle in my nose
Blue - because I'm a pimp
Shirtless - because I've got abs
Yellow - because I didn't like the way he/she looked at me
Gold- because the people in my head were banging
Tan- because I'm a soldier boy/girl:)
Lmfao Im a Shot Horse XD and I have on a green shirt XD
					
					

I slept with a bowl of cereal because I'm sexy like that...
LMAO.
i needed a porn star because im naughty 
lolz
I slept with some crack heads because I've got abs. 
Makes perfect sense.
i beat up a hippie becouse hoes kept stealing my tacos lmfao! xD
I shanked my boyfriend because i'm pimp!  LOL u should make a new one... that was fun! :3
I smoked with a bowl of cereal because I'm sexy like that :3 Fo sho yo ;DD
I shot a french fry because hoes keep stealing my tacos.
LMFAO.... NOW THAT'S SOME FUNNY SHIT!
I stabbed a bum because I'm sexy like that weird but i was born a month early if i wasn't then I slept with a drink because I'm sexy like that
both are weird
I know something else to end boredom! The only way is to kill ourselves.
Lol jk.
I know it's not that funny.
I'm just bored.
I ran shirtless with my best friend because I'm sexy like that. HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE
					
					

Well, iGot Bored and Was Curious. (:
My Bad Habit Is That When iType, iPut The i's Lower-Cased Them Close To Another Word..
Which I'm Probably Not Suppose to Do But Hey.
And iUppercase my Words Too Much.
Another Thing Is That iTake a Whole Bunch Of Cough Drops, Put them In My Mouth For a While then Breathe In To Feel The Cool Air(:
Weird But iLove The Cold Feeling!

So Yeah, Tell Me Your Bad Habits.
My biggie is Biting My Nails.!  Gotta huge problem wif dhat.  Antoher 1 is prolly correcting people a lot... If they use a word wrong, I can give them the dictionary definition of the word and thn correct their sentence.... It Annoys My Friends.... Another major 1 is I Can Be A Betch... I try not to, but i have anger problems, so yeahh
I have this thing that I listen to things really loud and people wonder if I'm deaf. Also, I pick my nails. Don't bite them. Pick them. So technically I rip them off and they're all stubby and stuff.
hmm mine is when i correct people on their vocabulary x)) and i tend to swat people if they keep pissing me off.( im patient you have to have been really mean to me or annoying. ) also i sometimes dont finish my sentence what some people call a cliff hanger and i wont finish i just stop there idk why i do it oh and when i sleep i tend to like hug the wall??
I tend to talk with my hands alot...its very annoying sometimes.
I can be annoying sometimes
I start agruements just cause im bored
Idnt really think before italk....isay whats on my mind
I have a habit of telling pple perverted things...
I sidetrack alot...
I have very very bad eating habits...
I talk to myself alot...
I laugh at random moments.....for no reason
Im get bored easy.....
Im Done Now
I tend to correct peopleI am constantly tapping on things, imitating the drums or pianoI like to scream or stick my tongue out out of nowhereI poke people. A lotI like to bite people.There's others, but I can't think straight.
1. i poke my tongue out when i write
2. bite my nails
3.tap things
4. walk fast
theres others but i cant remember them now
I spontaneously move away from people while talking to them and usually walk into someone. I also move in random directions for no reason. Sometimes flailing.

I pour drinks in my eyes, not helping my vision much.

Walking like a drunk/stoner when I'm sober and walking normally when I'm drinking.
Umm well...
- i talk with my hands alot then try to stop doing it then stuff up what i'm trying to say :/
- bite my nail's
- isolate myself
- cut myself...
- start singing in the middle of class (( so awkies ))
- i get bored so i poke people if they are sitting near me :3
- go cross eyed at the most random times when im bored
lols miriam  my daydreams are not -cough. cough- umm normal . and umm yeah lmfao 

D: mommy snow wtf.....you forgot to say you prey on innocent pple 

Hehe
hahaha again leah no ones are cept one friend his dreams are boring litterally about boring life nothing happens hes just standing in a line waiting for a ticket which still might mean something but idk?
lmfao standing in lines are no fun....
1. I walk really fast when I'm at school.
2. I talk to myself when I'm alone.
3. I walk around the house at night listening to my ipod for no reason.
4. When I type or text something to someone..I use a lot of dots..Idk why though..It's just a thing.

That's pretty much it..Lol
1. Um. I have this habit of taking a lot of food. Ideekay why. n'then I don't eat it all, because my stomach's the size of a freaking walnut. -3- Ish terrible, I know. The poor children of Africa, it makes me feel like a monsterr. BUT I CAN'T FREAKIN HELP IT.
2. I give up a lot.
3. I swear more than I should (Not online, though...at least I don't think so o3o)
1: I'm uber impatient, especially with people who stop in the middle of the hallway with no warning. I tend to try to walk through them.

2: I get bored in class and start tap dancing under my desk.

3: My right leg shakes a lot. I stopped trying to control it.

4: I'm 100% brutally honest. I'll try to say it in a nice and politically correct way once, and when it doesn't work, I tell it like it is.

5: My nails are really weak because I paint them too often.
- I am very ocd about random things..
- I like to randomly give hugs to people I know..even if they don't like me to hug themm..(haha ryan XD)
- I hate it when people interrupt me..but I might do it to them.. 
- I am very ocd about random things..- I like to randomly give hugs to people I know..even if they don't like me to hug themm..(haha ryan XD)- I hate it when people interrupt me..but I might do it to them.. 
We...are...so...alike :3this seems to be true..
your gonna think imma weirdo, but i have a weird habit of chewing the erasers of the ends of my pencils. Also i love the smell of gas,sharpies, and nail polish remover.
Ummm Im really really random and my bad habbit is thay I talk way to much to people I .don't know at stores
1. My OCD will be the death of me. Like I'm not OCD about every little thing, but I freak out if pictures are crooked, hoods are inside out, the ends of sleeves are turned up just where the hem is, etc.
2. I bite and rip my nails. They never get long because I end up chewing on them or tearing them up.
3. I'm a grammar nazi. Like for reals. When I'm on something like ep or talking to people, I don't really care much. But when people talk to me and use wrong words, I correct them without even thinking.
4. I hardly ever finish what I start. I wanted to make a necklace. Got all the stuff for it, blah blah. The stuff is still sitting on my dresser.
My bad habit is "being too cute" :c People underestimate me and it makes me maddddd/sadddd ..////
I have so many bad habits, haha.
- I play with my piercings a lot, especially my tongue one.
- I play with my hair too much and annoy people.
- If I'm talking to someone, I don't look in their eyes.
- I space out so so much.
- I tend to walk really weirdly haha, I can never walk in a straight line.
- Procrastinating.
- I've been told I randomly disappear a lot. Like, I'll be walking with a group of people and someone'll turn around to talk to me and I've gone.
- Sleepwalking and sleeptalking, if that counts as a bad habit? 
- Everywhere I go, I seem to make a mess.
- If I'm sleeping, I need to cover all the mirrors that are facing my bed in the slightest. If I get up to go to the bathroom, I avoid the mirrors. I've always been afraid of them for some reason, haha. S'just a bad habit of covering the mirrors. I don't even think about it anymore. 

I'm sure there's plenty other things as well, haha, just can't think of them now.
SMOKING.
enough said. xD
gets me by, though. (:
1. i bite my nails, like its really bad.
2. i sometimes walk around aimlessly and i dont know why. 
3. working on something then forgetting what i was doing in like 1 sec.
cracking my fingers neck and arm being mean to people cause I'm paranoid and if you put me alone in a room with a mirror I start to sing and do weird psychotic stuff
Whats the best vampire book you have ever read!! for me it would be vampire academy!!
Same here I love vampire academy!!! 
Vampire Academy all the way, Tiara have you read Let The Right One In?
Vampire Academy!! ^-^
Haha yea ikr vampire academy is the bomb!!!
house of night series ^-^
queen of the damned
VAMPIRE ACADEMY! ALL THE WAY!
The Chronicles of Vladimir Todd
Vampire Kisses
The Chronicles of Vladimir Tod is AMAZING! I would read the series again if I wanted to.
i like ventririo by an rice
the Vampire Academy series by Richelle Mead is super awesometastic!! xD i have like almost every single bookif you haven't read it yet, i command you to do it now . go! now!
The Chronicles of Vladimir Tod is AMAZING! I would read the series again if I wanted to. Definiately, I love that series
I liked Interview with a Vampire, i guess
i serioulsly don tknow if i like books but i can tell u the one i read the most..... twilight
The Chronicles of Vladimir Todd are absolutely brilliant.
Tbh idk :3 i read to many good ones xD

Vladimir Todd ish good but ish a bit boring . 
The Vampire Academys ish cool but kind of bored meh a bit to much _
. stupid double post
					
					

Whats the best vampire book you have ever read!!  for me it would be vampire academy!!  Is it bad that I hated that book? I prefer the Vladimir Tod Chronicles.  or uh Cirque Du Freak.

I am so bored.. 

SO

I am throwing a party up here.

Everyone is invited.

so lets party people.

talk about anything.

lets just have fun. 

::hifive:

i hope people come to my party.

CHEETOS AND DORITOS AND CAKE AND PIZZA OH AND COOKIES FOR EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!
OMG COOKIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WOOHOOOO PARTY!!! 
i'll bring froot loops.....lots and lots of froot loops XD
YAY! people at my party...
boo-yah fuirt loops 
and yes cece cookies...
someone dance with me... blasting a 3 days grace song
YUSS three days grace. what song?
hmh my favorite... break... or riot pick for me a song...
riot. it is a good song.
yes... okay.. now jamming to riot... and eating my lovely Cheetos
I want lovely cheetos
*pass some to cece* (only if you were here you could eat real cheetos with me)
so I got my prom dress yesterday. kindov.
oh that is so cool.... oh oh oh... give me ur email... i have a dress too that i got to wear to a wedding though.. i want you to see it and tell me wat it look like
mine's like....dark blue, but it fades to light blue in the middle and it's all pretty and whatnot.
oh mines is rose pink gray and black .. (the colors of the wedding) i thnk it is pretty cute.. but gah...
i bet yours is real pretty.
my computer is acting stupid
any one else coming to my party
*has a spaz attack*
I'll come brings rits I love rits! Starts dancing woo
*starts dancing by Lostsoul*
Woo!(:
*comes and sits down in corner*
*walks over and talks to my buddy shane*
awwwww what's wrong Shane?
lets all go in the corner and comfort Shane
ahhh jeeezzz im fine, im a loner remember then again *scratches chin* ive never been around such beautiful girls
Aww(: -tries to pull shane up- let's all dance so that way shane has to Dance
(lol i got shane to dance with me one time lol) 
so shane buddy come dance with us...
awww 
-helps ariel pull shane up-
*relunctly starts dancing*
yay! 
don't be reluctant :/
oh i knew i spelled it wrong
yea ppl dancing.
lol
Woo  haha see we don't bite -continues to dance- thanks cece for the help
woot woot.. we need more chips
want me to get some funyuns? XD
lol love them thngs jst got to have gum afterward .. . XD
haha i know right? no one likes oniony breath XD
cheetos lol
woot woot... dat is my favorite kinda chip or snack ..
*walks outside to lay and watch the stars*
*walks out next to amber and lies down on back*
*smiles* *thinks to self for a moment* shane?
yes?
do you think i am a nice person?
absolutly
well, do you think everyone deserves true happiness?
people make there own happiness, its not somthing they deserve, its not wat they get, its their own image of life, if u feel like ur life is horrible than it is, if u feel lik its awsome than it is we r subjects to our own reality
okay. another question?
lol ask away
well .. um... .let me ask this one in pm.
ok
okay... well the stars r so pretty. don't u think?
ahh they are
i sometimes wish i could go up there and float around with them
uhhuh....i see..... _
lol
i wish it was night time and i could b laying on the trampoline... and guess what people.
vat?
i am eating cheetos... and i have convinced my dad to buy me stuff.... oh oh oh and i got my early graduation papers
sweet
yes ik... i am so happy.. and i feel so smart lol
lol
man i wish i could get a new phone.. hmh i feel like listening to some really loud music and dancing around like a idiot

lol... well i am bout to head to lunch..i shall b back O.o
seeya
well i am back and u r gone
im always gone when u come back
yes that is true
ppl i am hungry!!!!!! how bout cheeseburgers?!?!!!!
icanhascheezburger? lol

im bored.
i am bored.. too.. and so tired..no sleep again..
oh shiz it a pig flying.....
oh 
no 
oh oh
its just a plane.. 
sorry guys..
lol I saw a flying muffin today :3
really. what kind was it ?
lol are you bored amber
yes i very much am
GAH! starts dancing... pulls in cece, shane, and other to the dance floor.
*sits* I am boycotting dancing.
:3
cookies!!!!!
*jumps up and down* WHERE?!?!?!?!?!

*gets stuck in midair* dear god not again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rite here.. lol

and gosh cece i think you should stop jumping. 
*tries to pull cece out of mid air..*
um cece i think i am stuck i cant move.
*?*
you must gain control of your anti-christ powers, young padawan :3 *snaps my fingers and watches you fall to the ground*
um i guess thanks for helping us fall.  lol.
would you have rather stayed stuck in the air? cuz i can do that too
oh no ... i am fine on the ground
that's what i thought lol celeste? got any say in this? (once you get back on, of course)
Jason, there's a post from WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY back in my early days as an ep-er (say that aloud, teehee) in the TAG thread where I got stuck in midair and Amber got stuck trying to get me down. *sigh* the good ol days  remember that, Amber? haha
but these days are good too, lol

and Jason, just because you're my right-hand man doesn't necessarily mean you have the anti-christ powers as I do.
it was my nemesis trying to take me out again, and also remove an innocent bystander D:
not much of a bystander when the attempts have been stretched across my entire life, instead of when i met you last year lol
not you. amber is the innocent bystander.
yes i remember that cece lol. thats y i did the getting stuck again. and yay i am an innocent bystander. (wait is that good)
no lol it's not amber
oh boo...
oh well lol it's nothing to worry about
but don't worry.
my right-hand ninja will take care of things.
won't you Jason?
yea won't you jason?
yes, i shall :3
yay i get protected.. yeppy.... lol
and so we havehappy ending I guess
yay for the happy ending... 
hmh i have a problem ..
a problem?
yea i just tld u in the pm lol
oh lol
yea..
yea know Jason I dont think we actually officially met, Im Shane
yea shane officially meeting jason.
yall i am so happy. my date is tonight.. gah!
so is this new thing making anyone else mad? lol
haha I got really pissed at it in the beginning, but after through some tearful fits, and frustrated arguments with my computer i got the hang of it (:
LOL (it didn't really happen though (
haha I got really pissed at it in the beginning, but after through some tearful fits, and frustrated arguments with my computer i got the hang of it (:LOL (it didn't really happen though (I got into an actual fistfight....but it's all good now, lol
Nothing can truly piss you off, that comes from within if you let yorself get pissed off on the other hand well you get it
i got all frustrated at it too at first but i think i got this now.

?????? shane ???????? i got confused... are u saying nothing pisses u off you get yourself pissed?
Omg I 
Omg I 
i got all frustrated at it too at first but i think i got this now.?????? shane ???????? i got confused... are u saying nothing pisses u off you get yourself pissed?you only get angry if you react, if you let somthing piss you off, if you ignore it then it has no power, thus the ilusion of power
otay, i'm confused!
Omg I 
okay okay shane i think i get it..

what are you confused about cece?
I have no idea. That was so long ago.
I have more dilemmas Amber! D:
what dilemmas cece?
well. i had two guys (always boy dilemmas) that both like me, both wanted to date me and all.
one is more....redneck. meaning: not very much my type. but i still like him.
the other one is punk/goth/whatthefuckever. meaning: very much my type. but i just met him. like a week ago today. well id met him before, but not really talked to him. we've been talking ever since.
but anyway. the redneck. we'd talked about dating and all, i mean i really like the kid. but there are alot of things that are different between us. yeah, we like to do alot of the same things. but just in general. take music for instance. he loves country. country makes me want to gag. he HATES metal.
the whatthefuckever guy. i reallllllllllllyyyyyyyyyyy like him.

(TO BE EDITED LATER....I have to go)
okay well on the not edited part.. it sounds like the whatthefuckevery guy u rly like and is ur type.. so y not try things with him.. i mean if that is ur type and yall get along... i mean things could work out with the redneck u wld have to learn all these thngs about him and except the differences.. which could b a great thing.... but ill tlk more about this on ur edited part or pm me or something.
I WAS NOT FINISHED.
but the whatthefuckever guy.
he's now my boyfriend, actually.
i was just explaining my dilemma.

and idk if i said this already, but the redneck gets SUPER jealous. 
And the whatthefuckever guy thinks that we should tell the redneck (cuz theyre friends and all too) tonight.
im kinda scared to. cuz i don't wanna hurt him (redneck)
aw poor u.. but atleast u got the guy u like.. the redneck should b happy ur happy.
yeah. anyway. ill let you know how it goes.
u do that lol.
my party got left.

people come to this party. lets have some fun.
I am here!
flskafgjoeivw YOUR PARTY
I'm bringin the cookies!
yea people are back. I love cookies.
Cookies!
**a fedex truck full of cookies bursts through the wall**
*looks at watch* right on time!
i CookieeMonster loves COOKIES
Nom nom
I drag people to the dance floor to dance with me *dancing with a handful of cookies.* *bumbs Shane, come on bud get on the dance floor*
BACON MINTS FTW
*grabs cece* dance with me i am in a very happy mood i just want to bounce around.
nyehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh *flops around*
i need energy drink. *gives monsters to everyone*
*throws a bag of cheetos at amber*
*screams* aaaaaahhhhhhhhhh i LOVE cheetos!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thanks cece
I know you do ^-^
OH you been to Jason's site lately? lol
no not lately.. i actually kinda forgot *oops* i will i shall do it now.
yeah same here lol
i put a pic of my hair up there.
-does the mikey-
I WANTS A COOKIEEE
-hands all the cookies i didnt eat-
*slows down on the dancing cuz my stomach is hurting*
*rolls around on the floor*
*sits in corner, and watches every dance around*
*breaths out really slowly then goes get Vampire Puppet to dance* hey i am amber.
hey, i'm sean
nice to meet you Sean.

*looks up at the stars and smiles*
nice to meet you amber

the star are pretty aren't they?
-sits down in a corner by myself- Im Tiffany
when your alone in a corner why are you talking to yourslf O.o
*sits next to you*
i dont talk if im on my own 
*hugs you*
you said you sat down in a corner by youself and said your name was tiffany, if there is no one around, the n you were talking to yourself O.o
il just sit in the corner then and be quiet and not talk to anyone  -sits alone with head on my knees crying-
puts arm around you, come on cheer up, you being upset, makes me upset
awww no one be upset please. have fun.
So bored. Someone talk to me.
I'm here  lol
heya
hiya  ahaha
how are you?
I'm good. Still haven't seen what my hair looks like xD
haha, lol
people.... my birthday was saturday!!!!!!!!!! YAY!!!!!!!!!!!
HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY :DD
well thank you!
happy late birthday!!!
thanks!!!! i am so happy i am finally 17 now i can't wait to be 18! (big party then)
haha, but i'll be too young to drink with you awww
as if people really obey the age for drinking.
^ true, No1 takes that law seriously same with smoking. But as for me I have never drank or smoke once. And I never will.
i don't like smoking. i think its nasty, but i have drank before.
i haven't drank or smoked before

i'm a good little boy
ahaha
both for me.
I don't see how people get hooked on smoking tho... I never did.
haha bad girl cece
you know it
lol
my tummy just growled lmao
lol
and I still have like an hour and a half til lunch ._.
aww well just dont think Food!
I'm not thinking food!
my tummy's the one thinking food!
lol well hopefully u can wait til lunch
me too
or else I'll be eaten alive by my own stomach...
that won't be pretty.
nope that definitely wouldnt be and when you eat, eat a big lunch
its school lunch tho
so there's not much that's edible.
awww! well at least something! _
i had cheetos for lunch!
i was sleeping at the time
lol. i wish i could''ve been sleeping i really need to catch up on some sleep.
then sleep  really simple answer to a problem
AMBER
I had cheetos at lunch yesterday too
she aint on anymore cece, she was on for like 5 minutes and left
yay cece! that is our connection cheetos and caffine.

and i was just on for a bit, but now i am back.
so bored, so tired. ahaha
I had a cookieee
omg i did too. i had 3. so yummy.
ahaha :DD
now my battery is about to die.
sad day
yes very. well i guess ill talk to you later it is about to cut off. love ya.
otay love you too
cookies 


random post
yep PARTY THE COOKIeS ARE HERE
Party cause i'm here 
not really, but i have skittlez
THE PARTY DON'T START TIL I WALK IN
okay sorry.

i really really really want a cookie.
gives you a huuge cookie
I want a huge cookie that I can nom on in real life.
and it has to be chocolate with chocolate frosting.
that is the greatest cookie in the world.
you know, if you get a bat and hit yourself on the head hard enough anything becomes really life
D:
whats wrong?
I don't wanna hit myself with a bat D:
why not it's easy, just look the other way

sad day.
stop being confused everywhere, it's just me and cece, this is normal
why?
I refuse to hit myself with a bat.
can i hit you?  jks
YES.
what? seriously, i'ma joking
i know :DD
well i leave my thread just for a bit and cece is getting hit with a bat??
tis a sad day
I wrote a song about pizza
based off of last resort by papa roach and a status I saw on here .
lol wow.
yes.
the entire song too
I'm cool :3
that is very creative.
Yeah Sean wanted to hit her with a bat . 

And that parody sounds awesome!
I'll post it when I have more time.
yea i read. lol.

lol i know i so want to hear it cece. well i guess in my case read it.
xD
yeah I'll just put it up when I get home.
okie dokie.
*skittle fountain*
SKITTLES!!!!! *jumps in skittle fountain*
*catches skittles in my hand and eats them* *turns head notices sean* Sean what are you doing in the fountain?
*tackles sean in the fountain*
*watches my friends*
*drags amber in the skittle fountain*

I talked to shane on skype for like a minute last night xD
*hops around in the skittle fountain.*

 i miss my dear friend.
want me to tell him anything when I talk to him? he said he'd try to call tonight.
oh oh oh yes i do. tell him i miss him, and i hope he is going okay, and i am always thinking about him, he is in my prayers, i want him to always remember i will always be his good friend, and if he is every lonely just remember i am there for him even if i am not there.
awww :3 I'll do that.
okay thanks. haha i had the most epic text convo with my friend gladys last night. i wish i would all fit in my signature.
lol
la la la
where is shawn?
probably roaming around, being an anonymous ninja.
Exactly what Cece Said lol
as I suspected.

Kinda got a little headache from playing Nyan Cat, Fly xD
i just got back from a college tour. it was okay because i had my friends with me but for the most part it was boring.
Kinda got a little headache from playing Nyan Cat, Fly xD Lol I do too! Yesterday I beat my new high score by like 2500. But when you focus so hard on that game it hurts my eyes and I eventually get a very bad headache too
same lol
oink. i just saw me a piggy.
meow, i'm a kitty....better than a pig
My unicorn lavender is better than any animal :3
ugh. I have homework and its a half day and I just wanna go home and sleep and nyehh.
i will not be able to talk to greg for 6 weeks.
aww, *give you and cece hugs*
Awwwww amber whyyyyyy?
yeah amber, why?
-sits down alone-
because of his stupid dad being an asshole and trying to please his step mom.
awww :\
yea ik.
I feel this is appropriate right now.Not even sure why.But anyway.
lol wow where did you find that.
iwastesomuchtime.com lol
oh wow lol
I love the site name lol
its great :DD
i bet it is lo. i shall visit it.
CHEETOS!
YES INDEED!
lol.. i am eating some right now. yummy!
Share? xD
*hands bag to mickey*
Why thank you
ur welcome. i will talk to you tomorrow. have to go.
Aw alright. Ttyl Amber
i am back!
I want cheetos now Amber ._.
here you go cece *hands her a bag*
Man, I should go get some real ones.
I have cheezits, its all good
I got Cheddar Jack Cheezits as well!
i has burger rings  Yummy
I have... Water.
SHUT UP SHAWN
...Diet?
mhm ._.
my gma bought diet on accident
Sounds horrible D:

D:?
okay i have already explained why i was sad lol. here i go again. i was going to the doctor and i was scared. there short and sweet lol.
i am sorry i didn't tell you guys. i just didn't want to think about it, then yesterday came and it hit me hard, that it could be the Big C, and idk i freaked.
D:! Well are you okay now?
(This is gunna be in a lot of threads LOL.)
yes i am  fine now. i just got to take some meds. but i am fine.
(and yes it will)

Yeah the first time I saw that I was crackin up xD
I still lol
It is pretty funny xD
Thats stupidly helerious!
I can't see it :/
Just Youtube Dick Figures
Oh, okay. thanks
Oh, Thomas ^-^
Lol funny, showed it to my friend. Now we walk around quoting it .
I quote it all the time.
Thats stupidly helerious!its funny cuz its stupid
LOL. I like it!
i havent seen it but watever... has anyone seen the banned skittle commercial on youtube if you havent you should
these things are all pretty kool but witch is better?
none lol they are all equally lame haha
ur name.
none lol they are all equally lame hahanone lol they are all equally lame haha how can you say that about pandas and unicorns? lol
it was a joke
TU MADRE 


O_O
greenday sucks
greenday sucks wow finally some1 agrees!!!!
i know some people who are all about Greenday...but i just can't seem to imagine why...
I'm curious as to what books everyone is currently reading. I mostly reading Mystery/Crime books but after hearing a bunch of good reviews about a new fantasy book called Drylor The First Artifact, I decided to give that genre a try. I must admit I was kind of impressed, most self publushing books are boring or just total failures but this one wasn't.

The characters of the book were extremely likeable and I had a lot of fun watching them progress throughout the story. My only complaint was that the book was rather short, but since the story of it was as good as it was I guess the author didn't want to add in any other uncessesary fluff.

So, what type of book are you currently into atm or what book are you reading atm?
I am really into fantasy and young adult fiction right now, especially books from Cassandra Clare like The City of Glass and The Demon King by Cinda Williams Chima. Mark Zusak is a really good writer too, I really love The Book Thief and I am the Messenger. Both are really good books, but The Book Thief is a really depressing since its about WWII but its a beautifully written book, his other book is quite the opposite. It has so much cussing in there but the message is so clear and simple.
I like mystery books but then again I also like Harry Potter and those kind of books related to it. I like the author's humor though.I'm a writer myself so it's hard to design the plot of the story, characters, and etc but overall, I'll bascially read all kinds of books as long as the plot is interesting.
anything about vampires supernatural gothic themes is what i read im reading vampire kisses 4 dance with a vampire (faggy name but a good book)
for me its anything supernatural with action and humor as my favorite type but currently reading  a compilation of the best works of Lord Byron
I like Sci-Fi and Fantasy. Currently working on the books Unwind, Double Helix, The Host, The Maze Runner and IRobot.
romance..also books like "The Lovely Bones.." it had me crying at the 16th page.
right now i'm reading a book called Saving Jessica. the title sounds kinda lame but the story is pretty good.
one of the characters is so romantic :3
so basically any book like that is what i'm into right now:stuff about life changes and important decisions.
Right now....well
I just finished reading The Hunger Games trilogy
I started reading The Mortal Instruments. I need City of Ashes D:
And I read Clockwork Angel and I totally can't wait for Clockwork Prince :DDD
I need help on a story idea and i could us any and all the help i can get so give me ideas then i post if there good with "yes" or "no" and the first one i say yes to will get a part in my story and ill post a new topic for the story
vampires
dinosaurs that are emo and have wings!
Littel: ill do that but i still need more




Angel:no im sorry
werwolves,werpanthers
fae,watersprits,firesprits
epic old creepy scary history
Littel: yes ill use you now  you just need to message me and well talk about some thing ok?
Emo angels fighting in a war against humanity? lol
XLove: no  im sorry but no
vampire hunters , fae killers , watersprithunters oh and Mushi and Mushishi hunters
Mwuahah I think I'm going to write a story with my idea, I've already got one book about a sword that has this tattoo of a black dragon on it that can summon ancient power o.O
well i have a 7,000 word book that isnt finished and its about vampires and a mortal
Sounds like a book I've read..Twilight LMAO
nothing like twilight sweetie very differnt its got elements from twilight like how protective edward is
sweetie? Wtf. and lots of books are like that.. not to be mean I'm just a critic. No creativity :/
yeah but mine is very differnt from the others and everyone that has read it liked it and some asked if i would print it for them and send them copies and do a manga
hehe i love manga books
Omg yes manga kicks ass. Darren Shaw series. woot.
yes XD
my fav is Vampire knight and my mysterious Girlfreind
Vampire Knight  my friend made me read Fruit Basket but it doesn't really interest me much
i like fruit basket it is ok but not that good
I know, I feel as though they could make it better
yeah same XD
Woot
lol XD
what other manga do u like
tsubasa!!!!
full metal alchemist!!!!
Naruto!!!!
Bleach!!!!
Soul Eater!!!!
sameage XD
tsubasa!!!!
full metal alchemist
havent read them yet
lol
yeah XD


pfft, nothing to say so just right face
yep

wow
wow what?
I have no clue why its a facebook link but i checked it and it should still work 
youtube.com/hippiegirlsmile

this is mies chanells!!!!!!!
Hey check out this link, its my friend and hes awesome 

amazing video
I...AM...INLOVE...WITH...BLACK VEIL BRIDES... ONCE  MORE 
Absolutely mind-blowing, I LOVE BLACK VEIL BRIDES 
Be it Doctor Who, Blackpool, or something else.

Any DT fans on here? :D

See, I know this place where DT is like AIR for people.
And he is most definitely air to me.
THERE IS A NEED FOR HIM IN MY LIFE.
Anyway. I love those lovely people.
WILL YOU BE ONE OF THOSE LOVELY PEOPLE?





NOTE:
You are dead to me if you don't respond to this.
					
					

DT Fanboy here.

There will be no other Doctor :
I OFFICIALLY LOVE YOU
The angels have my phonebox

My desktop background on my laptop at school is full of sticky notes of Doctor Who quotes.
Apparently I am obsessed.....
I love that show so much. Its my favorite. Even before DT was the doctor.
Completely.

BY THE WAY
Hi Thomas
HAI

He's... uh... ok o.o honestly I dislike Doctor Who but I'll admit his time as the Doctor would be the only time I ever bothered to watch it at all.. so... that would probably suggest I think he's pretty good. Just don't much like the show.

Edit: My friend worships him as the god of all acting though.. which is a little weird to be honest...
OMG you all love DT ! Finally ive found people who love him !

I 
YOU PEOPLE ARE AMAZING

emobaby
tumblr is full of dt worshipers
I'ma DW worshipper. Not necesarilly DT. Captain Jack was my fave from the show. Hence my current obsession with Torchwood miracle day
I only saw one ep of miracle day.
Captain Jack was originally from Doctor Who.
I know this.
Seen all the episodes, remember? xD

By the way. Tumblr has a bunch of Whovians too so....
Zach stop your DT fanboying D:
Doctor Who is like my guilty pleasure.
Although I don't feel that guilty about it ^-^

My god, Happy Tree Friends still gives me the creeps even after 5 years.
scared the fuck out of me at first, but it grew on me i have to say
the green panda needs to go to therapy
second that.. lol
mg i love thease vids thery r the best
These creep me out.... :/
i watched that. its funny and creepy and gross all at the same time! lol
I love happy tree friends I find them kinda cute(: the blind one especially in the "blind date" one
i just watched them earlier! after i saw this thread i was like "oh i remember them!" its really awesome!
I still wonder why they named it "Happy Tree Friends".

so much blood and violence
its an awesome name,dontcha think? lol
I ended up watching every episode lol,i wish they brought this to dvd.
Anyone play Portal 2? If so, what's your opinion on it?
I'd say it's really fun. I think that's only because I only play it with a friend of mine and we just go crazy while playing it hahahahaha
It's fun, but confusing as anything. Haha. (:
I think it's long as hell .
Woo nerd gamer power! XD havent gotten to play portal 2 (sad face) but i have beaten its predeccessor (or howevr u spell it), and iv watched gameplay of it, and it looks fun!
I got it shortly after it came out 
But I have not played the first...sadly
But I usually get the new games as they come out, for example I have Alice: Madness Returns and Team Fortress 2
My summer is boring nd parties r awesum so if ur havin 1 let me know!!!!!!
Okay, we've shared gross moments and very downright embarrassing moments, but how about awkward situations?
I remember this one 'OMG moment" I've had: me and my friends family were coming back from camping and we had to stop and get gas. We looked out the window, and we say a man dressed up in a white robe standing in the middle of the road, and he had his arms held up like he was God or something. Joey goes and yells 'All hail Jesus.'

Yeah, awkward.

Share your moments
I locked myself out of my house one day, and I knew my brother was home, so I just knocked. He didn't reply. I kept knocking. Still no answer. I start pounding and yell "Dammit, open the FUCKING DOOR!"
in a moment, he opens the door. He is clutching sheets to his body,he's obviously naked underneath. I look behind him, and there's his boyfriend.

And my assistant principal. 

I avoided him at school for a VERY long time. 
Yep. Very awkward.
ember.
WOW.
When you're stuck in an awkward moment, you do an awkward turtle.
Ember, wow..... BAD times!!! xD
I know right???? xD that was pretty awkward
I locked myself out of my house one day, and I knew my brother was home, so I just knocked. He didn't reply. I kept knocking. Still no answer. I start pounding and yell "Dammit, open the FUCKING DOOR!"in a moment, he opens the door. He is clutching sheets to his body,he's obviously naked underneath. I look behind him, and there's his boyfriend.And my assistant principal. I avoided him at school for a VERY long time. Yep. Very awkward. I couldn't help but chuckle at that ^^
Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh...
OMG i have had some crazy awkward moments in my life but i think the craziest one was when i had some friends over and my brother was being an asshole so he went upstairs and locked himself up in his room.
Me and my friends were playing video games when i heard a weird nose coming from upstairs. Me and my friends went up and it was coming from my brothers room. His door was unlocked so i thought nothing was happening. i opened his door to see him using our vacuum cleaner to masturbate XD LMFAO it was so awkward but still funny as hell. He never talked to me for about a whole month.
OMG i have had some crazy awkward moments in my life but i think the craziest one was when i had some friends over and my brother was being an asshole so he went upstairs and locked himself up in his room.Me and my friends were playing video games when i heard a weird nose coming from upstairs. Me and my friends went up and it was coming from my brothers room. His door was unlocked so i thought nothing was happening. i opened his door to see him using our vacuum cleaner to masturbate XD LMFAO it was so awkward but still funny as hell. He never talked to me for about a whole month. 0_0 wow, that is awkward, yet hilarious
My akwards moment... 


Was with my ex and was kissing and stuff on the grass and kinda made a mess of my jeans (or pants, what ever you americans call them) and it was REALLY obvious  I then had to walk past and talk to her parents on the way to getting changed into clean clothes...
HAHAHA Sam.
Yeah... it was rather bad :-P
I locked myself out of my house one day, and I knew my brother was home, so I just knocked. He didn't reply. I kept knocking. Still no answer. I start pounding and yell "Dammit, open the FUCKING DOOR!"in a moment, he opens the door. He is clutching sheets to his body,he's obviously naked underneath. I look behind him, and there's his boyfriend.And my assistant principal. I avoided him at school for a VERY long time. Yep. Very awkward. whoa...that's...wow. extremely awkward
one day im in my room doing what i do,be emo. and my bro runs in my room covering his eyes i asked him why he was covering  his eyes and he said mom and dad are hugging very weird in the shower! and i was like wtf are you talking about so i went in ther room and looked in the bathroom,and they were fucking i was like woah!  and when my mom came out of the room me nd my bro started to laugh and she looked at us and asked us wat was so funny i stayed quiet but my bro said i saw you and dad hugging in the shower xD and my mom looked like she shit her pants haha it was awkard at the dinner table tht nitee xDDDD
Okay, so last year i was dating this guy named James who was Bisexual.Now i have absolutely nothing against people who are Bi but James was the worst. I went over to his hosue one time and we were laying on his bed making out and he stops and looks at me and says " I'm so glad I found you Hun, or I might be with some Ratty, fag of a guy" and as soon as he finished that mood-killing sentence his grandfather walks in the room. We both sat up really fast as he stared at us and i didnt even realize that my hair was a mess or that James had lipstick all over his face. After that we walked downstairs to have dinner where James' grandfather announced that James and I were near "intercourse" when he walked in and that if he hadn't been there, there would have been " an unwanted infant within 9 months". XD
i was in my math class and no one was with so i turn my laptop and started shuffling and screaming to asking alexandria then all my  class mates walked in and saw me and heared my screaming and dancing like a idoit all the tables were on the ground and i full trashed it it was so werid
my family dosen't know im a goth emo and to take pictures of me wearing eyeliner and all I sneak into the bathroom to put on my make up 
so I was doing that when my sister walked in she was freaked out
I made a deal with her 
shut the fuck up about this and I won't tell about your boyfriend to mom


Lexxi and I dancing as a cover to Something Borrowed dance scene, haha.
well at least to me.....

i love watching old school slasher movies... or the really old zombie movies idk why but those are the best thing in the world to me... yes i know they're corny and alot of people really dont like them but i can't seem to get enough of them xD haha i just love the crap outta them..

i have no clue why i felt the need to inform this to everybody but yes :] this is my opinion on movie choices haha
My fave moviee of all time would be the old nightmare on elm street. Gotta love old horror movies
My favorite movie...would have to be anything by Tim Burton (9, Coraline, Nightmare before christmas) Idk why i just love all his animated movies
Tim Burton is the shit! but i'd have to say i love the Halloween and Friday the 13th movies, sigh just can't get enough of Michael Myers and Jason! 
i LOVE nightmare on elm street freddy is the shit! haha i didn't like the new one that came out this summer tho :\ i guess it was alright but i prefer the old ones :] and yes tim burton is amazingg too xD
Agreed. And don't forget Dawn of the Dead and Resident Evil. And pretty much all George Romero zombie films.
Hell yeah lol, and yeah the new elm street was gay, i didn't like it one bit
definately agreed... it really disappointed me. i went and saw it on the day it came into theatres here and after the movie i was just like ... oh my gosh.. seriously? they made a krugar movie bad? wtf? it was horrible ;\
HOW CAN YOU FORGET COMEDIES?!?!?!?!!?
and of the "SCARY MOVIES
PINEAPPLE EXPRESS
AND BEST OF ALL 
THE HANGOVER
haha i forgot about those haha i love hangover that was definately a gooder haha xD comedy is second on my list of favorites haha :] i couldn't quit laughing during that movie it was greatt!
I love old vampire movies, compared them to the ones of today they are AMAZIING! But my favorite movie of all time has to be Rocky Horror Picture Show :]
Harold and Kumar Go To White Castle
Wayne's World
Queen Of The Damned
Lost Boys
The Hangover
ah movies movies movies.... i think whoever made the first movie is one of my heros i really like movies.
My favourite movies have to be Sweeney Todd, Superbad, the Blade movies and all of the Indiana Jones ones, apart from the last one haha.
the boondock saints.
both 1 and 2.

pure greatness there.
My favorite movie will always be The Goonies lol XD

...The fuck.



Btw, Sugar We're Going Down ftw.
wow..made me laugh for a while

they make wierd commerials
...the fuck
what the fuck was that cause it was kinda funny in a shity way.
that was is am and are.
the dogs were dancing!
Try THIS one and try to say that commercial was weird. :
lol
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
hehe that was funny in some weird fuckin way.
I so want both of those products now.
WTF O_o
...
....
.....
WTF MATE!!!???
LOL
bahahahaha xD oh i love strange commercials
what the hell
The Dog one was fucking creepy

but I so want some clapping hair!! LOL
...The fuck.Btw, Sugar We're Going Down ftw.My question is how did you get a title of a fall out boy song from that commerical? =P
...umm..
LOL!!! I fucking love the Japanese and there twisted minds. I especially love there animes that make NO FUCKING SENSE!!!!!!!!!!!!
is it weird that ive already seen this BEFORE you posted it? XDDD

I TOTALLY agree. That was HILARIOUS!!!!
Agreed! =D
this one too ^^
LOL!!! TOTALLY!!!
He was a an EPIC FAIL on the second one ^^
Agreed it's funny
Those are pretty much the reasons that I hate the horror genre =P

It's all so lame and the same. Someone will open the closet door, block the sight of the hallway to look inside and when they close the door the person/monster is in the hallway. OH MAI GAWD

i'm looking for two books.

-oh my goth
-a child called it

do i have to get them on the net? or are they in bookstores. i havent been able to find them yet.
try Amazon
Oh my goth! is an amazing book 
But only the libraries have it!
You should look it up their
Oh my goth! is an amazing book 
But only the libraries have it!
You should look it up there
From where and which sites I get this books which I want urgently. 
1) FCI (Food Corporation of India) Exam books.
2) Interview question  based  book on organic chemistry.
3) PHP beginner. 
can u suggest me some sites where i can get this books easily?
Has anyone read Watership Down? Its a really awesome book/movie about rabbits (you can sometimes forget that they are rabbits). The movie was alright, I liked it but it wasn't as good as the book. What are your thoughts on it if you have read the book or seen the movie
I didn't like the movie at all, when i was a little kid i thought that it was horrible but the book is pretty good..... that should make sense cus all movies pale in comparison to the book (:
Book was great, Movie was crap, Tv series was amazing
I watched the movie when I was a kid.
I couldn't sleep properly for weeks afterwards.
I cried a little too!
I hated it so much!
youtube.com/anjipeace


^^^^^^^^^^^^^^GO THERE!!!

I wrote a song and I hope u guys like it...
Deep emotions come out from the heart. But the deepest emotions come out from the eyes, as TEARS. So show them only for those who worth it...
Okay so i heard the is going to be an American Pie 4!
i don't know about u guys but like those movies, and i wouldn't mind watching another.
I know its not fact about it coming out, they have talked about making one, and hopefully they will.
I think the movies are funny.
yeah they are haha 
i watch those constantly 
oh did you hear scream 4 is coming out 
WTF?
What is up with all those 4 movies ????!!! ahh headache 
yea i heard bout scream 4 also.. i want to see that one too.

Yea there is alot of 4 movies coming out lol..
OMG!!! SNEEZING HEDGEHOG!!!
OHMAHGEEZERS he's fricken ADORABLE!!! AHHHH!
Ikr!?!?!?!?! Hedgehogs are the best.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA THAT WAS SOOOOOOO CUTE!!! I WANT THAT HEDGEHOG!!!
awwwwww! i love it! i want it! 
yay! i made peoples day!
HUZZAH rain! HIGH FIVE!
Woohoo! *high fives*
It's so cute! Haha
IKR?!?!?! Its f-en awesome
Agree
Now I REALLY want a hedgehog.
awwwwwwwwwwwww
I luv this song. her voice is so amazing. Evanscene is such an amazing band
Ohmygod rain...
I CRAZZYYY LOVE EVANESCENCE. 
LOL!!!!!
I love this song, It was played at my grandmas memorial service.

this is inspiring XD
i love Andy Sixx and he is a superhero!!^^
Sexy sexy people... I would
oh yeah, agreed ^^
Haha
this is inspiring XDi love Andy Sixx and he is a superhero!!^^Agreed ^^

I think this guy was really high but he's so cute and i just had to post it :') It made me laugh anyway, hopefully it cheers you all up!
Get Scared - Sarcasm Ft Craig Mabbitt Music Video Just Released on February 09!! Now Prepare to have one hell of an Eargasm!!
I love this song, and yes i did have an eargasm XD
haha nice!! they played this at the concert i was at a few days ago!! It was EPIC!!
you got to go to their concert? im so jealous! haha
yeah!! Escape the Fate, Alesana, Motionless in White and Drive A were also there!! It was an amazing Concert!!
i love Alesana! they are my favorite band!
You are right dude, this is some good shizz. Now I just need some money to buy the sodding album -.- Thanks.
Man, that's cool. Totally getting that song. You got good taste in music.
i love Alesana! they are my favorite band!I never really Liked Alesana! But when i saw them live the other day, they totally blown my mind!! They are amazing live! Now I just absolutely love them! hahaYou are right dude, this is some good shizz. Now I just need some money to buy the sodding album -.- Thanks.haha! Its worth the money!!Man, that's cool. Totally getting that song. You got good taste in music. Haha Thanks!!  Alot of people tell i have great taste in music!!
It may be worth the money, but I have barely any atm...
it was a nice song. Now I just have to find the album

Thanks.
Your welcome
I don't think my dad would appreciate me downloading music to his laptop, but I'll try and get it.
OMG i cant stop listening to this song!!

a little to hip hop for me.

post a riddle one here that u think is pretty good.


Think of words ending in -GRY. Angry and hungry are two of them. There are only three words in the English language. What is the third word? The word is something that everyone uses every day. If you have listened carefully, I have already told you what it is.
whoooaaaa, crazy riddle made my brain hurt. ok, here goes:
U r locked in a cement jail cell and u hav a bed, a table, a mirror, and a calender. u hav 2 eat, drink, and escape in that order. how do u do it?
The answer to gry one is the English language haha(:
You're trapped in a room, no windows, no doors, no way to escape AT ALL. The only thing in the room is a table.

How do you get out?
You cut the table in half to halves make a whole you escape through the hole right?
post a riddle one here that u think is pretty good.Think of words ending in -GRY. Angry and hungry are two of them. There are only three words in the English language. What is the third word? The word is something that everyone uses every day. If you have listened carefully, I have already told you what it is..... "Language"?!
post a riddle one here that u think is pretty good.Think of words ending in -GRY. Angry and hungry are two of them. There are only three words in the English language. What is the third word? The word is something that everyone uses every day. If you have listened carefully, I have already told you what it is.And.
You cut the table in half to halves make a whole you escape through the hole right? ya.but how do u eat and drink and how do u cut the table in half?
post a riddle one here that u think is pretty good.Think of words ending in -GRY. Angry and hungry are two of them. There are only three words in the English language. What is the third word? The word is something that everyone uses every day. If you have listened carefully, I have already told you what it is.And.Oh.
No mines was answering cece.doodlez haha.
the answer of mine was language
the answer of mine was language I got it right?!?
No mines was answering cece.doodlez haha. right.
Yay(:
what demands an answer but asks no question?
life! ha.
it's a phone xD
that works.

i have a riddle.

LIFE.
bahaha
ahaha thats the most hardest riddle to figure out
when born, i have four legs. as a child i have two legs but when im older, i have three. why?
baby, adult, old person.
crawl, walk, cane.
nuff said.
that was a darn old riddle dude.
You cut the table in half to halves make a whole you escape through the hole right? ya.but how do u eat and drink and how do u cut the table in half?don't know the eat and drink but you rub your hands until they are sore. You use the saw to cut the table in half.Two halves make a holeclimb thru the hole and shout til you are hourse (sp?)Climb on the horse and ride off into the night
Right, a favourite of mine. 

This thing all things devours:
          Birds, trees, beasts, flowers;
          Gnaws iron, bites steel;
          Grinds hard stones to meal;
          Slays king, ruins town,
          And beats high mountain down.

What Is It?
um?
i have no clue.
lol, think it through, will take a while but shouldn't be too hard. If you get stuck then try an easier one: 


A box without hinges, key, or lid,
          Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
a tissue box? idk
a tissue box? idklmao!!!!!!! i love that!
what eats but dies if it drinks?
...the sun? lmao
try again
post a riddle one here that u think is pretty good.Think of words ending in -GRY. Angry and hungry are two of them. There are only three words in the English language. What is the third word? The word is something that everyone uses every day. If you have listened carefully, I have already told you what it is. my friend told me that riddle a couple days ago xP i spent 2 days trying to figure out what it was...when he told me it was language i was so pissed.
i love riddles! they allow you to think and open your mind when the answeres are so simple.
what eats but dies if it drinks?A Fish?
wrong. think again
Oh, Fire
A black dog stands in the middle of an intersecton in a town painted black. None of the street lights are working due to a power failure caused by a storm. A car with two broken headlights drives towards the dog but turns in time to avoid hitting him. How could the driver have seen the dog in time?
with his eyes
Is driving around the bend, either left or right and so doesnt cross the middle?
haha do you give up???
i guess
Rani, you havnt given mine a go...
ok well the answer to mine is who said it was night time
Right, a favourite of mine. This thing all things devours:          Birds, trees, beasts, flowers;          Gnaws iron, bites steel;          Grinds hard stones to meal;          Slays king, ruins town,          And beats high mountain down.What Is It?lol, think it through, will take a while but shouldn't be too hard. If you get stuck then try an easier one: A box without hinges, key, or lid,          Yet golden treasure inside is hid.Here you go People, no one's solved these yet
Not on emopuddle anyways
Right, a favourite of mine. This thing all things devours:          Birds, trees, beasts, flowers;          Gnaws iron, bites steel;          Grinds hard stones to meal;          Slays king, ruins town,          And beats high mountain down.What Is It?lol, think it through, will take a while but shouldn't be too hard. If you get stuck then try an easier one: A box without hinges, key, or lid,          Yet golden treasure inside is hid.Here you go People, no one's solved these yet The first one is time and the second one is eggs!!
post a riddle one here that u think is pretty good.Think of words ending in -GRY. Angry and hungry are two of them. There are only three words in the English language. What is the third word? The word is something that everyone uses every day. If you have listened carefully, I have already told you what it is.Is gry a separate word, (the third one)
The blind can see mee , and the deaf can hear me , eat me and youll eventually die....what am i

Theirs a tennis player , Jane is her first name . What is her last name.
xrobotluvvx the first one is....
 nothing.
Robotluv Janes last names what....  haha you wrote it wrong
If i sleep in a coffin don't eat don't breath and never exposed to sun light what am I.
wrong 301 alltho its the most obvese conclusion.
well then my next guess would be a zombie, or the air in the coffin
If i sleep in a coffin dont eat dont breath and never exposed to sunlight im
Dead an bured
Uhm uhm why was 6 afraid of seven ? Lol
because 7 8 9

I can't do most of that stuff haha only some(: it's was good
its sooooooooooooooooo COOL! OMG! I'm considered flexible at school but Im not as flexible as that!  I've never seen anyone as flexible as that before ^^
its sooooooooooooooooo COOL! OMG! I'm considered flexible at school but Im not as flexible as that!  I've never seen anyone as flexible as that before ^^lolz im like the most flexible guy at my school
we really try to be good but we arbt amazing at signing we make music vids too it would mean sooooo much if u look wed at them like sooo much  and r mnost voeed covor sucks ass and i know it does
its pretty good,reminds me of one of those sitcom dramas u see on tv alot
i havent seen chap 2
My girlfriend Amber is a really good singer and guitar player. We would like to know what others think. Her user name is amberwynn100. Here is a link to her and her friend singing The Only Exception by Paramore-
that was cool
that was cool Thanx!
np lol are you goin to make more?
We are planning on making more videos.. but which videos are you talking about?
Moved to proper section.
haha.....
Here is the Interview with Andy Sixx on November 23, 2010! Andy Sixx is my hero! I would love to one day meet him and see him live!!
is that the interview when he was talkin 2 bryan stars!? i wastched that interview and it was awzome and very entertaining
that was awesome:D:D:D:D
i absolutely love this song !
I love that song too 
*high fives*
Love it. 
Its a really nice song.
I love that song too *high fives*Huh? Since when??
i absolutely love it
ugh i just saw elcipse and it was awsome but now i am snuggly and i have no one to snuggle with or hus or even talk to
im hear if u wanna talk vlad
ok so did u see eclipse
unfortunatly no not yet,i want to see it really bad though
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrroooooooooooooooossssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
lol
it is awsome and bring extra popcorn and a very small drink u dont want to have to go pee and also maybe a mega phone for laughing into
lol
grrrrrr lacey grrrrrrr and maybe not the mega phone
yeah i dont want to get thrown out the theater,and lacey boo to you
i know i think she is being mean to me for not being on lately
no she just doesnt like twilight
what lacy im sorry but we cant be friends anymore cause twilight rocks and u need to read the last one then if u dont like it cause the last is the best
Twilight SUCKS.
fuck u bitch lol jk but seriously fuck you twilight rocks and only girls and gay/bisexual guys truely get the point of the book cause everyone else dont know what its like to like a guy
bitch i read all the books lol more than once i read them when they first came out. then they had to make that stupid movie.
Twilight SUCKS.someone who agrees!!and for the rest of you i love how you all just talk about me .
twilight does not suck lacey
ur opinion 
i have my own
thats fair but can you atleast tell why you dislike twilight so much
its stupid
how?
lol it will take to long to say
ok then lacey lol =7
lacey y u no answer my pm
what pm?
the one saying im sorry and i was a jerk last night
Twilight SUCKS.someone who agrees!!and for the rest of you i love how you all just talk about me .
yeah ok twilight might not be as big as it was... but ya'll have to admit jacobs sexy  and yeah dont like bella coz shes a bitch and edwards just gay but ive seen Eclipse Vlad  it was awsome like where she trys punching jacob and brakes here hand hilarious
Ahahaha That sounds hilarious. xD
I still think Jacobs just for show.
yeah i liked the books before the movies
I never liked it. Its soooo cheezy.
yeah c'mon the guy sparkles
yeah ok twilight might not be as big as it was... but ya'll have to admit jacobs sexy  and yeah dont like bella coz shes a bitch and edwards just gay but ive seen Eclipse Vlad  it was awsome like where she trys punching jacob and brakes here hand hilariousI'm w u proud, but not alot of ppl say jacob is the sexy one. All in all, the movie earns a respectable "eh" from me.
yeah c'mon the guy sparklesAh I LOL'ed like crazy. You could even see his pubic hair. It's fuckin hilarious.
.
it seems you two have found some type of common ground
yeah I liked the books before the movies, I dont see how people dribble over edward, but Im going to see it on tuesday anway because i told a friend I would, i am soo loyal lol
.
U can talk to me!!!!!! PM me. xD. And was the eclipse movie better then the first two???
ok well i would imagine it would be...
because twilight sukked big balls.
lmfao!!!! 

btw..... lacey im sorry but YOU suck.. not twilight lol.. JK I LUB YOU!!!!!!*dont hurt me plz*
.
Haha i loved eclipse! I saw it on the midnight premiere(: Haha i loved the part when they're in the tent trying to have a serious conversation(:
lol me to and i like the part where after the kiss a bellas dad is trying to stop the fight lol and i also like the u do have to admit im hotter than u thing oh and fuck u all dont be talking smack about my girls bella and my guy jacob but edward smack away
sigh
lol im kidding ill never hurt you. i pinky promise!! those are legit.
i love twighlight. GO TEAM JACOB! but iv only seen the first 2 movies. any1 know when Midnight Sun is coming out?
Share some of the grossest yet FUNNIEST things that have happened to you. Warning: Some content may not be for the full stomached! :-p lol jk it aint that bad!One time my grandpa had a hole in his tighty whiteys X____xthat...was....gah...i should go die in a hole now that i think about it...and i had gotten shit on by a worm that same day
Right...
Um me and my friends were in a hotel room,and we all slept in the same bed for the fun of it,3 girls and 4 dudes in a kind sized bed,for a prank the guys put worms in the bed and farted trust me it was discusting,Nathan at 4 in the morning,this was all apart of there plan,he had decided to get naked and spoon  all the girls while we were sleeping,It was all recorded.
Pretty Disturbing.but yet i look back at it and laugh.
Sliced my self open on my shin with a roof tile trying to run back an forth, had to keep up with the dudes on the roof didn't notice it till i felt dizzy as hell and noticed my boot covered in blood lol
um ok.... did you fall??.. and howd you cut ur self with a roofing tile????????o.o?

(sorry i got nuthin else)
um ok.... did you fall??.. and howd you cut ur self with a roofing tile????????o.o?(sorry i got nuthin else)i was on the Ground that day n the stick holding the tiles Slipped n my shin was in the wrong place, and you realy wouldn't belive how fuckin sharp Terracotta can be, also i've clamped my hand in a Air Pop Rivet gun. Burnt my palm trying to pick up a block of Copper i was welding on, Shaved off both of the sides of my little knucles on my hands had my eyebrow Peircing ripped out n Broken 4 ribs, thats all from either Welding, Stable work or rooftiling i've also fallen off a fair few roofs doin that...fuck im accident Prone
had my arm torn open and u could actually see inside my arm,the bone.tissue,everything,its was so nasty,but oddly enough i didnt feel one thing
um well I was at this party and this 15 year old kid was taking to me and he really had to shit but I guess he liked me or something so he was holding it in. He shit his pants and it was like watery you could see it running down his legs and was so embaressed I felt bad but it was gross and kinda funny.
um ok.... did you fall??.. and howd you cut ur self with a roofing tile????????o.o?(sorry i got nuthin else)i was on the Ground that day n the stick holding the tiles Slipped n my shin was in the wrong place, and you realy wouldn't belive how fuckin sharp Terracotta can be, also i've clamped my hand in a Air Pop Rivet gun. Burnt my palm trying to pick up a block of Copper i was welding on, Shaved off both of the sides of my little knucles on my hands had my eyebrow Peircing ripped out n Broken 4 ribs, thats all from either Welding, Stable work or rooftiling i've also fallen off a fair few roofs doin that...fuck im accident Proneholy shit dood.... that sukkx...
umm..... one time me and my brother were racing down a dirt road on our dirtbikes and we went to turn at the same time and well.... i ran into him. 
his foot peg jammed straight thru my shoe INTO my foot.... broke 3 toes fractured my ankle and sprained my knee.....then less than a year later... fractured my big toe skating..... funny .... ^.\\\
dude all of this is killer, the only thing that happened 2 me was popping my ankle out of place sk8'n then having it closed in a car door in 2008 (still havent gone to get it checked)
O.O????? um thats bad.... lol.... i sprained my ankle but didnt get it chekked.... that not all that gross tho.... unless you saw the swelling that went on....that WAS gross...
dude same here the swelling was awefull... now it only stings if i put 2 much preasure on it(///-^)
umm im not sure if its gross or not but im double jointed and like i can twist my arms all in the different thing like i gont even have bones in my arms,a good example,for my own life my mom likes this crap and she wouldnt change the channel,look at the music video massive attack by nikki minaj and in put of the video the two black guys twist their bodys in the different ways,that is pretty much wat i can do.
um... thats kool....i like sick shit like that.... lol
lol u watched the vid? and its not sick.....well that sick...is it?
nikki who? what genre are they?
ugh r&b; rap noise
dude i feel dumb she's a chick c(///o^) lmfao
lolXD u thought nikki was a guy,well she is bi so ur halfway right
i thought she was a band lol even funnier
lolXD
i need more black friends lol c(///0^,)
worst day ever my brother and his girlfriend started having Sex in my BED it was so gross i walked in and almost died, i think his girlfriend almost died too, she doesn't talk teh him anymore xDD they broke up
LMFAO...thats funny ass hell... thats classic...wooo...sry 4 laff'n...woooo... d(///O^)
grossest thing...hmmm, I was at my friends house and he was on his playstation, me and the rest of the girls where busy chatting away when he shouts look at the tv-we look and there is a naked picture of rihanna on the screen! ahh we were not expecting that
saw a bloated dead body in a river
I was having work done on our house and the workers left a piece of metal on the ground and i jumped of the trampoline didnt see the metal and sliced my foot open you could see the bone Was GROSS!
ewwww.... when i was 7 my dad slammed my thumb in a car door and i had to get it sewed back on..... it was hanging off by a little bit of meat. I was in so much pain I didn't even make a noise till i got to the hospital and the nurse put something on it. It looked so nasty I was afraid of it lol
when i was like 6 i snuck out my house cause i wanted to dig more holes,i was barefoot and i was using one of those old rustied wide shovels and when i went to dig i went do hard and i severed my big toe from my foot and my stupid dog thought it was a toy and started playing with it,but long story short i go to hospital toe sowed back on looks completely normal cept for one scar across the top of my toe
once i accidentally ran into the womens changing rooms because theyd refurnished this shop, and swapped around the rooms and theyre identical, so i had this pair of trousers to give my brother cos we were in a hurry and accidentally walked in on this really old lady in a thong. it was horrendous. one of the most embarrasing and disgusting moments of my life right there .
hahahaha wowzerz
Wow, thats scary
i was cleaning my families storage area and i got all the way to the back and there was this nasty smell and i looked down and i saw a rotting chicken, and thats not the disgusting part, i went back even further and i saw wat killed the chicken it was a skunk and he was as dead as a door knob
well since we're talking about injuries...i must say...i had my wisdom teeth cut out.. and once i regained conciousness i couldnt feel my mouth so blood kind of just poured out...it was mostly blood...and i had a mouth full of blood for 2 days....quite gross and uncomfortable and insanely painful..
I was trying to build my own remote cantrol car last year an i was putting a wheel back in it axel wound up driveing the axel so far in my hand you could see it pushing the skin on the back of my hand up a bit i had t get stuck 6 times so they could pull it out my hand was usless for the rest of the day.
Albert wesker all the way worst off all is his final fight RE5
skewl sux.. soooo bored.. glad i got my music :0 itd be hell with out it
tell me bout it skol is so boring... and rite now my skol is doing the whol review for exams .... im exempt frm my 1st and 2nd period... and stuck at skol at the moment wit nothng to do but chill in the library wit my buds... laughing and getin tld to b quiet.
Hmm, yeah. My language arts teacher is such a dipshit, I'll sit there with my headphones in, they're not concealed or anything, he doesn't even notice xD
It's the only way I can get through that class... He just goes on... And on... And onnnnn....,,,


ok, 3 things.
1. R they like, painted GOLD?!?!?!?!
2. Im afraid 1 is going to have is thong come off
and 3. That's pretty insane dude
1. yes
2. Ikr?!
3. Agreed
Holy shit. Thats pretty epic, but also pretty gay.
Imagine if they can hold each other by their 3rd arm. o__O
O Antix GROSS!!!!!
LOL
he kicks total ass. and hes HOT! Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) Is my fav song by him
OHMIFARKINGGAWD!!!!

i could not agree with you more Rain. 
Marilyn Manson is the Sex! 

i totally agree
Love that Band
ill pm u
madddddd freaking bored.
asking alexandria kicks ass and the final episode is my fav song! heres the link 2 the vid:
Hey Guys, 

Keep on sending the link to people in Pms so figured I may as well just stick em Here. Comments would be swell  


One Afternoon:
i cant do wat u were doing in ur 2nd vid! holy crap thatz insane dude!
I hope you aren't just PMing random people you don't even know, these links to them in PMs.
awesome! are you studying a martial art or something? ^^
Hey Scribe, and no Im not lol, they've been talking to me and been like 'so what you like, any hobbies' etc etc and this is me so i sent em the link. Hope you dont mind...

@Rainfallingdown  thanks lol, I try hard 

@zredtide heya mate, I did capoeira for a couple of years and so learnt basic kicks and cartwheels, everything else is self taught (e.g the handsprings and flips on trampolines etc)
Mine and my friend's cosplaying gets a little...strange.
Here are my 3 favorite songs by End of Green!! Wishing they would tour in the US!! I want to see them so Badly!!
If you like this band you also might like the band: The 69 Eyes
I've never heard of them... But they sound good:D

Cant wait till their new cd comes out 
it already has,it came out on my birthday Oct 5th
Cant wait till their new cd comes out 
it already has,it came out on my birthday Oct 5th  lucky! It doesnt come out at my hot topic until november.....i ask the people there almost everyday when it they'll get it.....they say in november =(
it already has,it came out on my birthday Oct 5th  lucky! It doesnt come out at my hot topic until november.....i ask the people there almost everyday when it they'll get it.....they say in november =(dang i feel srry for you.
Like I said, I only come back when I "feel" like it.

Me flogging
Wow  how ya been

For me I'd say that the greatest RTS out of the box would be Total Annihilation (1997) with both of it's expansion packs. The game has literally hundreds of units that are unique to each faction, there are dozens of multiplayer maps, the campaigns are enjoyable, and it has a stellar soundtrack. Unfortunately Total Annihilation lacks in customization. There are lots of user made maps, mods, and custom units, but there is no built-in map editor like in most other RTS games, and there are no custom games like in StarCraft or other RTS games, there is only melee in Total Annihilation (destroy your enemies base and kill his/her commander). Another shortcoming of Total Annihilation is that when you head online, unlike StarCraft: Brood War, it can be relatively hard to find people to play with. You can however find a few people on PhoeniX WorX, WarZone, and GameSpy Arcade however.However, for a game that has been perfected, I'd say the original StarCraft (1998), with Brood War. StarCraft has a great storyline, unique units for each faction, a built in map editor, an average soundtrack, and the greatest online service of all time, the original (not 2.0) Battle.net. One thing that separates StarCraft: Brood War from the hundreds of other RTS games out there is not only Battle.net, but the ability to play custom games on Battle.net. The original map editor was pretty weak, but the community created several custom map editors (I recommend X-tra Editor in special mode for units and triggers, and StarForge for terrain) to create maps with. Custom maps range from defense maps to RPGs to bounds to movie maps to zombie survival maps, and everything in between. StarCraft also has millions of players from all around the world and is still the most popular RTS game of all time, despite being over 10 years old.
Anyone here heard/Play this?
I've never heard of it.....so i've never played it.
hahaha nope
wat is it?
Online Gaming Site, Where all the games are made by the same software used to play it. Lots of fun games... All multiplayer usually..
its just hilarious!!!Wii Bowling Fail
rDs9IZWvjhc

feel free to sing along
i have never been more aroused
LOL
greatest song ever
lmfao! XD
wow....
wow....haha nice!
this is funny too....Pen Trick Failits some russian dude(i think hes russian)but hes flipping a couple pens and... just omg you have to watch!!!!!
[attachment=219][attachment=219]Hey everyone.. Ok so i have this friend.. and she is  soo beautiful and all the guys love her! She is such an amazing singer.. she always makes me laugh.. shes always in a good mood.. she soo fun to be around.. she is sooo popular.. and she seemed to have agreat life except she would tell me all the time about how much she hated her dad and I would always help you like i would go with her to her dads, offer my house for her to saty at, and offer counsling, I DID EVERYTHING to help her get over how she felt baoout her dad then about two weeks ago it started improving and she came to my hosue A LOT more often.. She she had come to the point where her dad was still abusive but she would know how to handle it ad she was soo ahpyp and then yesterday she was supposed to come over to my hosue and she never came, she didnt answer any of mycalls, none of her family did, so I went to her house and (she gave me a key) I went to her room to see her hung on the bathroom door.. ;''''''''( she had hung ehrself.. So i ammidiatly got her off and called te ambulence, police, and everyone in my family and ehrs I freaked out I got my closest naighbors to come and help me because I didnt know what to do It was just me and I freaked out and she is in a coma and all i can do is pray.. It would help me so much to hear some stories you have gone through like this or elp me wiht what to do.. That would be amazing thhak you
I honestly cant stop listening to this song its just to catchy for me not to
Lol the European Jonas brothers lol love the song makes me wanna go back to Germany
I'm gonna kill u I can't find the exact song and I want to hear it so bad
which song u tryin to find?
The numa numa in the music video but I only found an English vershion
the link i have isnt in english,that the original song
I know I am trying to find that language by ozone not Alisha or who ever
oh ok
Yeah
yay someone agrees
well duh.... i like hardcore covers... like adtr covering one of the fray's songs and kelly clarkson..... lol.... OH and tdwp's still fly! Awsome!!!
you kno wat... actually its the whole "Punk goes..." series that i like!!! lol..
lol exactly
Yay I got the ozone version
Ummmm I like eating them not whatching them on the tele
it's not on the tele it's on the comp. ;D
I hate muffins. Well besides the chocolate chip ones. 
mmmm muffins
l463tG-A3OM

come on guys. listen to herve. im being serious. its so true.   poor little guy, killed himself Dx
R.I.P
This is very sad..
Just me n my friends spending a fun-tastic day together.NNWMUgfwMNice comments please. I don't want to hate on this for once.Guess who I am?!?!?! I'm uber Ob-V. (Hint:Red)If you can't see the vid, sorry somethings wrong with the code I guess.Here's the link.My friends being.... Friends.
LOL. They aren't bad skate boarders. The one in the black shirt is Hella cute.
i agree not to shabby. 
im guessin that you in the red pants.. lol... nice shirt... PtV is awsome!!!
good quality, but boring for a vlog
LOL. They aren't bad skate boarders. The one in the black shirt is Hella cute.Ima tell him that. That's my friend Darick.good quality, but boring for a vlogYa it was just a chill day. Were gonna go to a hotel party today. So ya.
i agree not to shabby. im guessin that you in the red pants.. lol... nice shirt... PtV is awsome!!!Ya my Ex bought it for me. I'm wearing girls skinnies its so obvious. xP
hmm interesting video
i agree not to shabby. im guessin that you in the red pants.. lol... nice shirt... PtV is awsome!!!Ya my Ex bought it for me. I'm wearing girls skinnies its so obvious. xPdude... dont worry i wear skinny jeans too..lol.... i got mine at hottopic... ///.^ and i have an A7X "t" and an Atreyu also... i LOVE them!!!
yeah the red pants were perdy awesome
it was kinda funny
this ones funny
hahaha it is funny!!! ^^
that was hilarious
hey everyone...i have a question.....Anyone got any jokes to tell? because i feel like laughing and im bored like i dont knw what.. so yeah...
I dont know any sorry
theres already a thread for this... go find it...
grrrrrr obviously people cant fucking read!!!! ______________
ok gimme a sec...
*turns away*
*inhales deeply*
SSSSSSSSSCCCCCCCRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIBBBBBBBBEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SCRIIIIIIIIIIIBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!! we neeeeedzzzz youuuuuu :3
ouch!!!! that was right in my ear!!! .
i wanna yell to sssssssssssssssssccccccccccccccccrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiii  *DEEP BREATH*  iiiiiiiiiiibbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sorry matt... and plz.. louder scribe OBVIOUSLY cant hear!!!
~.\\\
wait before you scream again....puts earplugs in.....yell ok let it rip!!!
YEAH!!!!!!!!!
*inhales REALYL deeply!*
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII*inhales again*IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
SCRIBEEEEEEEEEEE GET YOUR ASSSS HERE NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW L AND MOVE THISSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol =]
[align=center]Here's where we can share jokes and laughs. Get to telling your favorite jokes!!  i'll startThe Schitt Family History is finally revealed. Many people are at a loss for a response when someone says "You don't know Jack Schitt!" Read on and you'll be able to handle the situation intelligently. Jack is the only son of Awe Schitt and O. Schitt. Awe Schitt, the fertilizer magnate, married O. Schitt, a partner of Kneedeep & Schitt, Inc. Jack Schitt married Noe Schitt, and the deeply religious couple begat 6 children: Holie Schitt, Fulla Schitt, Giva Schitt, Bull Schitt, and the twins, Deap Schitt and Dip Schitt. Against her parents' wishes, Deap Schitt married Dumb Schitt, a high school dropout. After 15 years of marriage, Jack & Noe Schitt divorced. Noe Schitt later married a Mr. Sherlock, and out of devotion to her children, decided to hyphenate her last name, and became Noe Schitt-Sherlock. Dip Schitt married a woman named Loda Dung, who became Loda Schitt. The couple produced a nervous son, Chicken Schitt. Fulla Schitt and Giva Schitt, inseperable thoughout childhood subsequently married the Happens brothers. The local newspaper announced the Schitt-Happens wedding, which was quite an event. The Schitt-Happens children were Dawg, Byrd, and Hoarse. Bull Schitt, the prodigal son, left home to tour the world. He returned from his travels with his Italian bride, Piza Schitt. So, now if someone says "You don't know Jack Schitt", you can beg to differ. You not only know Jack Schitt, but everyone on the Schitt list![/align]
o shit dats funny !
lol
hahaha now yall start posting jokes! thats the whole point of the thread!!
okie dokie
i dont see any more jokes in here....
No offense to the blondes but.....

A blonde, a brunette and a red head are sipping tea and discussing their pregnancies.

The brunette says, "My baby's going to be a boy." The blonde asks, "How do you know?" The brunette says, "Because when we did it, my husband was on top."

The red head then says, "My baby's going to be a girl." The blonde asks, "How do you know?" The red head says, "Because when we did it, I was on top."

The blonde starts crying hysterically. When her friends finally calm her down, they ask her why she was crying. The blonde says, "My baby's going to be a puppy."
that was funny..... ///.^
any one like Jeff Dunham???

Jeff: Does your wife have any superpowers?
Melvin the Superhero Guy: Yes! Once a month... she becomes EVIL! And I cannot defeat her!
any one like Jeff Dunham???

Jeff: Does your wife have any superpowers?
Melvin the Superhero Guy: Yes! Once a month... she becomes EVIL! And I cannot defeat her!
101 Ways To Annoy People
1. Sing the Batman theme incessantly. 

2. In the memo field of all your checks, write "for sensual massage." 

3. Specify that your drive-through order is "to go." 

4. Learn Morse code, and have conversations with friends in public consisting entirely of "Beeeep Bip Bip Beeep Bip..." 

5. If you have a glass eye, tap on it occasionally with your pen while talking to others.

6. Amuse yourself for endless hours by hooking a camcorder to your TV and then pointing it at the screen. 
Yo mamma's so fat, when she got lost (amazingly) they had to use all 4 sides of the milk carton. 

Yo mamma's so fat, she tripped over K-Mart, stumbled over Wal-Mart and landed on Target!

Yo mamma's so fat, when she walked in front of the TV, I missed five minutes of the show!

Yo mamma's so fat, when she wears a red dress, the kids in the neighborhood yell, "Hey, Kool-Aid!"

Yo mamma's so fat, when she walked in front of the TV, I missed five minutes of the show!
LMFAO!!!! tha is the FUNNIEST joke i have EVER read!!!!! holy shit!!!!!


OMG!!!!..... BOO!!!!
lol i just told that joke to my blond friend lolXD
did he or she get it??(i kno some stupid blonde guys too)
dude the only reason i tell that joke is because of an ex gf
HAHAHA!!! ok well im gonna go watch bleach....
fullmetal alchemist 4 me...(///-^)
told it to my ex gf she ruined my fun said she heard it already ,and i just got done watching the bleach movie
which one? and did u know they're making a live action? just like they did with deathnote?
the one where those two kids take rukia and wipe her from everyones memories,and r u serious
dude we are like 80 episodes ahead of you :-p maybe even farther....and yes im serious
bleach live action this i hafta see
dude we are like 80 episodes ahead of you :-p maybe even farther....and yes im seriousactually im on episode 276,waiting to see 277
all my jokes are shit lol

What do you call a black man flying a plane

A PILOT YOU RACIST BITCH! 
i know i have no sense of humor, and this isnt a racist joke so dont go saying it it
lol O_o
Click here To View My Fansite/Official Blogspot8xSHFZIjcA0
for one..this should be in the joketopia topic ...move it please?
1st of all i don't know how to do that 
and 2nd i thought we were just supposed to be posting jokes in entertainment
nuuu thats what i created the joketopia thing for....and you just got repost the the joke in that thread =] and delete this one...
nuuu thats what i created the joketopia thing for....and you just got repost the the joke in that thread =] and delete this one...having trouble merging at the moment.
whats that supposed to mean ?????
im slow so you got to dumb it down
awww thts kinda mean....
for british people on the site here's a link to my James Cook MV im working on dunno if you watch skins but yeah please watch
I WATCHED IT AND SENT TO MY FRENDS VERY NICE
HMjEzhe8RHY

Note: its supposed to be funny
lol.

lol XD cool song
YOUR KIND SIR HAVE THE VOICE OF A ANGEL
Lawl its funny
watch this vid its so awesome!!!
lol...i didnt expect him to be talking about a video game XD
lmao xD
I love that hes so funny
this video was made by my online friend. he's cute.
lol he's hot ^-^
he has a myspace page too.
cool.
yeah im gonna be creepy here and say that he is hot
he is, lol.

He is hot. I agree.
he speaks french too
He is pretty hot. And ooooooh I love his hair!
He is pretty hot.
This disappointed me when I clicked on it and realized it was not nigahiga's video.
this song is just so great i love it,i swear i wouldnt have stopped crying if my gram hadnt seen me
OMFG I love that song. I also love the band there so awesome.
OMFG I love that song. I also love the band there so awesome.i know right its so my fav song now
good song. Iliked it.
sounds awesome

o.e
what? o.o
quite odd.
but beautiful
yes, quite.
iTafQnXY5vY

total trip o.O
This video and song, is fucking awesome.
south park is kickass....
funny video
butters is in the video!
IcE_aKPXIlg
lol
rxps--huGKY

o_e
Stupid ferret
-
fucked up ferret is more like it 
yh.

Lol yes very epic

lol very fuckin epic indeed my friend.

lol:D
lol
MAC & CHESSE
lol
cookies.
-TH5ibABP4U&autoplay;=1
Meh, it's ok i guess.
-___- me no like
its ok...the video is weird thow
freaxx is an awesome song but i like schitzophrenia better
and sex toyz is a funny song by them
Meeee
I love this song !!!
PEDOBEAR FTW!
part 1
alright for some reason the embed feature didnt work for me so you'll have to click =]




TRUST ME ITS WORTH IT
amg charlie the unicorn ftw ^-^
[/font][/b] holy crap charlie the unicorn is freaken awsome!!!!!!!!!!
phuk yesh.
hehe

ok

this is funny..

3TpSTCGrl8I
I give it 5 stars for being funny
Haha I've seen this on tv! 
At first I was like What The Fuck? 
Then I started crackin up
Haha lurve jokes like that
haha that was just great
Oh wow lol

I've never seen this. At least they didn't discriminate or label anything.
I've never seen this. At least they didn't discriminate or label anything.I disagree. Labeling and discrimination is always funny.
lawl that was epic.

hehe I like that version of the dat song.
haha me too, its epic.
hehe I like that version of the dat song.i agree
Yush. he has a missile, its very small,its in his pants.
Yush. he has a missile, its very small,its in his pants.He's a missile lord.
lawl
mhm..
yay yay i know i suck and it not finsh but i do luv drawing
OMFG!!!! LOOK AT THIS!!!!!!!!!!!

dF7cbKMJ-rg
OMG lol i laughed soo hard when i saw that.
Flagged: Misleading thumbnail.

I am not a pervert. -.-
lol you reported that vid?

its intention was a joke.
Yeah, I know it was a joke. But it does have a misleading thumbnail. And its got 11million views, so I doubt one flag is going to do anything.

Also, I dont like being called  pervert.
HAHA althow, you gota admit, the pervs on youtube who thought they was goina get a view. got what they needed
In a way yes. But those perverts were harmlessly browsing the internet being perves, not roaming around schools stalking girls.
yes, but all pervs must start somewhere? right?

it may start with looking up child porn on the internet, then it may lead to real life problems.
lol nice video, i laughed sooo hard when i saw that..

damn, admin, good one.
LOL i laughed sooo hard when i wached this video!
LMFAO
well its funny....
hahah yeah, that would be why its posted.
I don't find it funny....i sent it to you with wtf because it is stupid...
DaveDays is a funny guy, I love his videos.
yeah, hes funny, i like most of his videos
i laughed so hard when i saw this
I made this video please enjoy and don't forget to comment, rate and subscribe (:
bCEEC0r2XwM

i love the complete emoness of this song
not so pleasant when you are depressed though
tell me what you think about it
becuase you dont know what your doing i edited your post to make the BBC code work.. you post JUST THE CODE after the v= not the hole url!!!!

btw..

*plays video*
what's the song ?? i like it
what's the song ?? i like itred light pledge by silverstein
i like it.
Love Silverstein.
i really like it thanks for posting
aww thats a nice song
aww sniff sniff it made me tear up alittle,the song was a great choice too:,-)
hjF5bVQLXbI
haha awesome i was wondering when somebody was going to put this on emopuddle lol
I love this song 
lol i love this band, and this song XD
SvHVHOlUZXg

LMFAO I LOVED THAT
xD. Though I love My Chemical Romance and I don't like anyone making parodies of their songs....I admit I found it sort of funny.
LOL! xD...i spit out my water...sorta.
haha
Lmao wow.... 
that was.....kinda disturbing
but funny
haha kewl.....uhm...lmao
that was really funny
hehe.. that almost made me pee my pants cause i had to go to the bathroom while i was watching this.
LOL! there makin fun of MCR
heh I liked that a lot!
ug9qnnOfhlQ
i miss mah hair  

cc2R00QbBic  

sentimental time. no idea. haw curious. lets get down with jesus. funky yeah?
umm.. yeahh "get down with jesus?" WTF?!
lol you must of been born out of your brains
hells yeah mofo im down and funky with jesus.
haha im guessing after your finished with mary, she will no longer be called "vrgin mary" 


 rofl
eheheh.
hells yeah mofo im down and funky with jesus.Umm.. yea.. I'm sure Jesus doesn't want to smell your funk. Get up, go home and take a shower, please? lololol. Ray Stevens has a nice voice.
am home, am showered, and he still wants the funk 
so nerrr
Title mainly says it all:)
HAHAHAHAA THIS IS THE MOST ADORABLEST THING IVE EVER SEEN
that is sooo cute!!!!
Awwww. I like the end where the vacuum bumps into the kittens. They are so adorable.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They're SSSSOOOOOO CUTE!! I love baby cats.  ^ ^
This is just way too adorable

LOL the kittens r so cute!
zRozKfYGFVc&autoplay;=0
The orange slayed the rake? oh noez!
That song is really old.
There's already been shits and giggles about it.
The rake was my best friend... oh noez..
grow up.

Llama cannot sing.
who said the llama is the one who is singing?
pfft.

Like anything else could sing so beautifully
i thought you said they couldnt sing
i'm dyslexic.
I'm in able and talented.
Lol..

And, another old thing. hJJJmQojcLM
^ Llamas still win.

Pi is for nerds. not emos.
This is cooler, lol
O_o. How does a llama become a duck? I'd like to see that.
Wowz lol
cool story bro
I was looking up one of my favorite movies (Felidae) on YouTube and found this and I thought it was kind of funny:Felidae-Damn Nature,You ScaryTrailer:Felidae Trailer (German with English subtitles)
26UA578yQ5g
"Why don't you go outside and play hide and go fuck yourself?" That line is priceless and the video is funny as heck.

OOOOOOOH!!!!! LOLOLOLOLOL!!!! this is my new favorite video on this forum!
xD I don't know why but I am reminded of The Cat In The Hat (Dirty hoe!~The Cat)
guess what...Kanye West decided to write a "BOOK"! and some nothing-better-to-do genius just couldn't resist making a joke out of it.i freakin LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL'd at this!Kanye West's "Thank You and You're Welcome"Chapter 4: lol...wut?
uPMlh4FSzw0

Love this video.
So, i was just browsing the YouTubes and found this 

89aC0lEv034&autoplay;=1

Like?
Hahaha
8yteMugRAc0

Possibly the most awesome song ever written besides Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.

For those of you who don't know what it's about:

Brenda Spencer or Brenda Ann Spencer (16) went on a shooting spree in her school. The song has a very "cheery" tune, while it actually has a fairly dark meaning. When asked why she did it, her answer was, "I don't like Monday's."
CuEy-MqWt3o
Eh.
It's alright.
You're singing too low, and you sound like you're holding back.

Try singing the song at a higher pitch, and maybe with some music in the background.
this is just the first song.
i have just barely started singing again and im not really that confident yet.
OH GOD!!!! 

MAKE IT STOP!! 
MAKE IT STOP!!!!!!!!
ahhh that was so mean.....
how could you say that
simple!

i just typed the letters:

O
H

G
O
D
!
!
!
!




M
A
K
E

I
T

S
T
O
P
!
!


M
A
K
E

I
T

S
T
O
P
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
And that was it...
not that you now what i ment
lmao yeah i know
heh heh your so crazy
i ment in a good funny way
ohhhhhhh you made me feel stupid
just bored out of my mind
oh, i sowie!
its ok i feel stupid all the time
Xnsvpbd76jc&autoplay;=1

THE VIDEO IS A VIDEO?!?!



anyway.. no in por tent news here
\m/ Within Temptation \m/
OMG i LOVE THIS SONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah me to, thats why i posted it XD so, do you link any other songs by that band?
meh, havnt heard any of the others, all i know is THAT SONG IS THE BEST
Never heard it before now, but I like.
I like this band. 

Stand My Ground, Memories, and Frozen are my favorites.
Sharon den Adel reminds me of Amy Lee from Evanescence somewhat.
Never heard it before now, but I like.OMG u haven't? well im glad i posted it then
video busted. can someone post a new one?
i hate this song!!! i mean its a really good song just hate it.....for certain reasons that arent the songs fault
ya know...like my boyfriend making me listen to it so he could " ""explain""" why he was breaking up with me

lol. otherwise nice song
O5JFdJkBLUI


try and guess the name
Seen it XD
They're ok, I've never been a fan of them personally.
I'm more into heavy metal and such. Techno never has appealed to me.
lmao yeah, i dont like techno much
I'm not one for techno either...idk, just something I didn't really take a liking to.
its scene music
i dont like it
-__-

thats my love, dr. horrible.
and this song is adorable. :]

[you]
5IQ9mpFZz9c
Lol xD funny
yeah i know, it be LOL
Hahaha, I love Family Guy.
hahhahaa, i laughed at that
H9xV7pKM1Fo&autoplay;=1

what do you think?


also.post your own
P-BG-AhNttI
Well..some can't 

(the title is just a joke btw)

VWfckzc1HZ8&
umm..wow.. lol
DYNAMITE SURFINGomg i want to try this so bad xD
lol

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

wow.. where the fuck did you find that



AWWWW FUCK *face palm*
I knew what this was before I even went to the thread.
I knew what this was before I even went to the thread.Haha, you should considering the many times I've shown you this video XD.... 
LOL fucking funny
lol sure is.
Yep, it is.
I completely do not want those 2 minutes of my life back =]
Ohhhh is this Atari?
your views on this video:
_SA7HHIWKAw

i find it kinda funny, what do you guys think?
eh.. its... it is just that. it..
wtf...
I dislike it.
lol, i got a laugh out of it, althow im kinda weard thow..

anyone thing it was funny?
I thought it was funny, I chuckled.

I love Cobra Starship, they are cool.
I laughed some. 
It was amusing.
yeah it is, i laughed at it too
mine would be:
NrfUckNsGHM
[align=center]Breaking Benjamin - Natural LifeyhfmuDkStSY[/align]
Anyone watch it?
r_EEUZY1nIM
Cats will do people things

F-2zo9DacEc

I stayed up until 1am to watch it

Full Show
wTnsBP9u-TQ
Never have watched it, and have no idea what it is to be quite honest, I just use regular youtube.
wtf is youtube live? never heard of it
Youtube that is live.

A live show with some people who use youtube there, like whatthebuck, that stupid person called fred and a special charlie the unicorn video.
Never have watched it, and have no idea what it is to be quite honest, I just use regular youtube.It is regular youtube, just a live event that was done by youtube.
oh.. no that seems boring, wouldnt see it. vote: no
voted no.

reason:
havnt seen youtube live, but i plan on it .
please please please please please dont post looking for a bf/gf . this isnt a dating site so dont treat it like one. if u have a question, post away but dont post looking for a bf/gf (i posted this cuz there has been a few topics like this recently and its been anoyying me .
So it's not just me who thinks like this!? Cool beans!
nope
I agree. Threads asking for a hookup, boyfriend or girlfriend will be deleted.
mmmm buzzkillz.
i was getting quite annoyed at the amount of those kinds of threads
LOLOLOLOLOLOL! 
damn u duncan xD iwanted to do this lol
ha i beat you to it xD i saw it had been pinned and i was like  wow
hahaha xD its pinned?? iddnt notice lol
im so slow
yeah!!!
yesh that im slow or that its pinned lol
.
Yeah, this whole 'forum dating' thing is pretty ridiculous. Don't be posting lookin for someone... Because that's creeeepyyyyyy
O LOL oks thens xD
Ikr !!!!!!!!!!!
Seriously, this isn't good.

Emo's use this website. We can often be very emotional and sensitive people.

As an emo myself, my depression is caused a lot by the absence of a significant other.

My advice? Make a dating section for this forum. I don't see why anyone should deny anyone of having love, a precious thing we all need.
Seriously, this isn't good.Emo's use this website. We can often be very emotional and sensitive people.As an emo myself, my depression is caused a lot by the absence of a significant other.My advice? Make a dating section for this forum. I don't see why anyone should deny anyone of having love, a precious thing we all need.You can do that through PM if you really really must date on this site. However, like it has been said many times before, this is not a dating site so it does not need a dating section.
Seriously, this isn't good.Emo's use this website. We can often be very emotional and sensitive people.As an emo myself, my depression is caused a lot by the absence of a significant other.My advice? Make a dating section for this forum. I don't see why anyone should deny anyone of having love, a precious thing we all need.lol then go somewere and meet people? not a dating site .-. anyway you would have to be really desperate to post on a forum looking for "love"
mmmm buzzkillz.right?
sorry but how is it a buzzkill? .-.
its a buzzkill cause they cant date. ._.
You know what's ironic when you type in emo dating sites this pops up hahahahaha !
no it doesnt .-.
but its ok if we find one on this site with out posting thread righ??
This pops up if u type in emo websites
this has nothing to do with the topic...but is that a bannana?
lol then go somewere and meet people? not a dating site .-. anyway you would have to be really desperate to post on a forum looking for "love"im not taking sides but that statement you just made was really ass-hole like. what if someone is desperate? obviously they know this or they wouldnt be posting. no need for insults..
Lol but I am an ass-hole so I can say things like that. It's one of the few perks. If you wernt taking sides ou wouldn't have said anything. Js
I don't really care what people do, it's none of my buisness. =_=
Seriously, this isn't good.Emo's use this website. We can often be very emotional and sensitive people.As an emo myself, my depression is caused a lot by the absence of a significant other.My advice? Make a dating section for this forum. I don't see why anyone should deny anyone of having love, a precious thing we all need.Dude, take my word for it. A significant other at this point in your life is like a significant hamster. I doubt it'll live more than 3 years.I too suffered from that whole longing sensation blah blah blah, but quickly found out that being single and waiting for the right person... rather than rushing into a relationship for the sake of being in one was a far better road to take. If you don't believe me, go find yourself a Mexican chick named Rachel in Redlands, CA.Crazy fucking bitch.
Wow,I'm really expecting to say "yes mom"to that, sorry x.x
Honestly, I would never date online but I would say I do like someone and I would hang out with them but not a committed relationship.
U speak the truth
Yea there are dating sites over there! This is for people that just wanna talk!!
i think people get the wrong idea about it

if you end up liking somebody on here by talking to them and stuff you thats alright thats normal

but creating threads asking/looking for bf/gf is just you looking desperate
Anywhere people can talk can end up in relationship, school for instance isn't a speed dating place. But it happens
Wow you really shouldn't be dating someone on the internwt anyways it's weird and you don't know if that's what they really look like.
Wow you really shouldn't be dating someone on the internwt anyways it's weird and you don't know if that's what they really look like.That's what webcams and airplanes were made for.Duh.
That's what webcams and airplanes were made for.Duh.What about the people who don't have webcams or stuff like that. If they don't look like that do you really think they are going to freely volunteer to video chat with you. They are not because it would blow their fake cover so don't tell me duh untill you fully analize the situation sorry but I hate it when people do that mainly because my mom does it all the time. I'm going into a whole nother subject so yeah don't date people on the internet cause it's just words on a screen and you don't know if they really mean them or not.!!!!!
					
					

If they don't look like that do you really think they are going to freely volunteer to video chat with you. They are not because it would blow their fake coveranyone stupid enough to go out with someone who they haven't seen and refuses to get on a webcam to prove they are who they say they are shouldn't be aloud on the internet. so don't tell me duh untill you fully analize the situation sorry but I hate it when people do that mainly because my mom does it all the time.i have and i can safely say anyone who would do that is stupid. duh
Why are people so well retarded * not mental* it said at rules :THIS IS NOT A DATEiNG SITE: i mean really are people that dumb
Seriously, this isn't good.
Emo's use this website. We can often be very emotional and sensitive people.
As an emo myself, my depression is caused a lot by the absence of a significant other.
My advice? Make a dating section for this forum. I don't see why anyone should deny anyone of having love, a precious thing we all need.

I agree with you I don't care who says otherwise it is a precious thing we all need intimate, or not it's love and a relationship
I simply want friends.  People who understand me.  I never intend for a significant other.
u never know what happens memo -.-
I simply want friends.  People who understand me.  I never intend for a significant other. 
i'll be a friend?

That's why there is dating sites, and this isn't one!!
Match.com and Eharmony. 
Go there. 
Looking for love post are just annoying. On top of that, aren't a mass majority of this site 13-15?
You shouldn't be doing that anyways. 
As for the online dating thing, people freely cam. It's not big deal really. If you want to do long distance it's cool. 
I find it easier for people that's older because they can change it from being purely online to long distance once you meet. 
They can just drive off and see them or fly if they have to. 
Sometimes where you live just isn't what your looking for. 
Prime example, where I live, I'm well known. I know tons of people and well that's a factor because everyone is connected. I haven't met one guy here that hasn't been with a friend of mine at one point or who hasn't  banged a sister or cousin  of a friend if mine. But I live in Cajun area. I guess it's bound to happen. .-. plus people here are either, straight up Cajun, hunting deer, people. Or wanna be thugs. There are people that are into the alternative style but the percentage of them at are here are all connected ^ as I said above. 
And there are many other reasons why you can't find anything in your area. So long distance relationships are fine. And most of them start online.
Honestly, If you want to date someone, Go to public parks or something. I mean. Meet people outside of the internet, someone close so you can actually see them and talk to them. I feel like online dating is pointless. It's just my opinion. I don't go on sites like this to find a match, only friends c:
There is a very good reason why dating should not be allowed here. This has to be a safe place where Emos can express themselves freely without worry and without being afraid. As has been said, Emos are often sensitive and emotional. I should know, I'm Emo and I'm extremely sensitive and emotional. I cry a lot and sometimes I need to unload. If you don't like that, that's tuff just deal with it. In order for this place to feel safe enough for people to express their feelings without reservation, it has to be totally anonymous. No one should ever know who anyone really is or where they live. I would never tell anyone who I am. If dating were allowed, at least at some point there would have to be a way for people to meet. That means identifying themselves. Then, even if that went well, talk and gossip would certainly start up. Then the whole site would be buzzing with it. That alone would ruin the site. I know how some people do feel; we're lonely and we need companionship. But we can't allow the purpose of this forum to be destroyed for that. Does any of this make sense?
Who isn't emotional or sensitive? I'm goth not Emo but my friend(he's emo) forced me to be on this site. It's fun. But anyways emos are just more sensitive to things around them. To the hurtful words. To the haters. The jocks. The others that don't understand you. I understand everyone.  Only because I have been through everything.


ok one i did not force u on here and two ur not fugly u wonder why people look at u its cause ur pretty callie dont forget it
I agree it annoys me a bit but I can't judge people for being themselves
I really disagree with all of u against asking for a bf/gf because the whole point of this site is to find ppl like yourself and some of us can't help but trying to find someone that we can be more than friends with.
Hi ...im looking for a bf or gf. Im a girl...black...emo (obviously) and ya
This brings a new definition to the word: sad.
S-A-D.
I really disagree with all of u against asking for a bf/gf because the whole point of this site is to find ppl like yourself and some of us can't help but trying to find someone that we can be more than friends with.


agreed
Asparagus. That is all.
.....people should be able to do what they want...isnt this a site where we are able to express ourselves?
Asparagus. That is all. Potatoes. That is all.
					
					

Ok so here's the deal. I miss Ep. as far as i can tell this place is doing nothing but collecting cob webs. So with that being said ive been here a long time. (multiple accounts do to terrible time remembering passwords.)but from here on i have a challenge for everyone who's reading this. Tell your friends to tell they're friends make this place go bump in the night once more. Also Any admins who see this....PLEASE MESSAGE ME
is there somebody that is a lesbian?
Your not alone ive seen many lesbians on this site
You aren't the only one I like both guys and girls
You are really really pretty
If you ever need to talk to another girl like yourself just email me at dutsongirls@hotmail.com
There are many girls on here that are lesbians and there are many bisexual girls too. including myself. im bisexual althou i like girls a tad bit more
I am too. I do agree with you though, I haven't found many lesbians on here.
Bi and proud
I'm lesbian
Yes, you're the only lesbian. You're all alone. Everyone else is lying to make you feel better.
I'm a lesbian. But this probably isn't the site to meet lesbians on
I'm a lesbian ^.^
Im a lesbian..
I'm in lesbians with Ramona Flowers
I'm in lesbians with Ramona Flowers
Im bi but i do like girls waayy more then guys
I prefer women wayyy more a guy has to be really special to get my attention . You are gorgeous love never doubt that hugs.
Kitty
Hey, I'm transgeder
Go by Eddward Morrisey
I've been transitioning for about a year, started with clothes, binding, made a packer and Stp, started taking DHEA 3 months ago
But yesterday.while I was cleaning mu room,
I found a box of godlier jackets and lingerie I put away a while ago
Would wearing such things on occasion make me a joke, or is it ok so long as I'm being true to me?
I think its perfectly fine to want to dress in those items of clothing. You are not going to be a joke if you like a certain clothing style you shouldn't have to not wear it because of your gender..
Sounds good if you want to,go for it.
Ermm. I hope this is a good topic admin (as I've noticed you locked the first thread here).

So yeah, the title is true. I am in fact, a straight girl who wishes sometimes that she was a gay guy instead. Why? Because I find gay couples (especially emo gay couples) absolutely adorable. To me, it seems that their relationships consists of more romantic like stuff than anything I've ever been in. And I absolutely dig emo guys who are in touch with their feminine side (sensitive, make-up, etc.) I'm dying to find a guy like this to love, but it seems  that everyone of them are either taken by another very lucky girl or their gay. 

I mean, I'm not the type of person who would change who I am sexually, but I always wonder what it is like to be a guy. Curiosity I guess. Am I alone here? I sure hope not. //_-
Amen, sista! (interesing fact: did u know that amen means yes? lol) Interestingly enough, I feel exactly the same!  Only I have actually thought about, as you say, changing myself sexually....
I can't say that I can relate to THAT sentiment... but I at least respect where you're coming from. Rather than looking elsewhere for idealistic relationships, consider some introspection to perhaps discover why it is you can't seem to find another individual capable of making you feel the way you described.

I think thate Max Ehrmann said it best:

Be yourself. Especially do not feign affection. 
Neither be cynical about love,
for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment,
it is as perennial as the grass.

Give yourself some time; age, mature, change, find yourself and know who you are before all else. You do have the luxury of time, embrace it.
					
					

Well, as a gay guy i have to say i wouldnt want to be a str8 girl, soooo....


Glad you like gay guys? i guess? lol
i dont wish to be a gay guy.. but i agree with the personality thing
i wondered but u kno sweet heart u should explore sexuality cuz honestly i thought i was straight till my bestfriend kissed  me u hav to try and explore to findout who u are
I'm a syright girl and I sometimes wish I was a guy guy. So your not alone. I love yaio! ;D
Wow, i thought i was the only one. I just told my friend the other day i wish i was a gay guy. I just love them.
Mimi: I feel the same. since i was nine, i didn't want to be a girl anymore.
The fact that i can get pregnant (I want kid but i don't want to birth them.) and having my "monthly gift" is so fucked up!
Now at the age of 15, i  really want a fucking sex-change. But i can't. So i've been a acting as a boy for a long time.
The boy of me has a name a mind of it's on now. He's name's Aoi and I know he wished to be in a boy's body. I want to help that by the age of 30 :T
Its easier being a emo girl being a bi emo in the locker room is not realy fun
i get wot u mean senative guyz r hot but everyone i ever like turned out to be utter dicks and disrespected me. i just wish there was a guy who loved me and never used me. i get tha you would want a deep true and pure love and there seems to b more to it than just the kissing and sex. its being one with another.
just the other day I said to someone.. "If i were a guy, I'd be gay."
I am in fact, a straight girl who wishes sometimes that she was a gay guy instead. I feel the same too )  I don't know what to do xD
heheh im bi and ive always wished i was a boy...its a bit creepy i know...

hehe but yes if i was a guy i would probably be gay...
I used to always wish that I was a gay guy. It seems like they just receive soo much more love than straight girls do. I thought about a gender change
hi
					
					

i am a straight  guy but sometimes wish i were bi cuz girls go for the tuff guys and im more sensitive i get stuck in the frend zone so if u think its a luky girl that most likely means he wants her but is just frends plus why would u get a sex change gay is generick birthing is natrle so if its the pain then get an epidermal were the give u a shot in ur spine to kill pain for the birth u realy feel nothing at all and girls put urselfs out there the sensitive guy will come trust me i know
I so get what you mean. Im a bi girl, but i want to be  a gay guy cos it seems like their love is real. People bully u for being gay so u would only do it if you really loved eachother!
same
same here. i'm just curious, i wouldn't make a permanent change or anything, but yeah i get it
So true! Just curiosity makes me wana be gay but then again I don't wana make perminant changes!
I know what you mean. It's the same for me.
I have thought maybee it be easier to find a really nice understanding guy if I was a gay guy...
I've felt the same way as you. I still want to be a guy sometimes.
homosexual males r soo sweet n cute 
since im straight there shud be more sweet n cute straight guys...
I'm straight but sometimes i want to know what it's like to be a guy but i'm find with who i am
they are so cute and sweet.... I have wondered what its like to be a gay guy
your not aloner
^^lawlz ,I feel that way too sometimes,gay guys seem to have more fun too,idk,I think it would be really cool,there are more ways to express yourself as a gay guy then anything else,hehe
I dislike having a female body quite a lot, and since I was very young I've wanted to be a boy. Probably stems from the fact that when I was like 5 I believed that on your six birthday or something, you changed genders. I think I thought that because I thought my two older siblings had kind of switched around or something.

Anyway. I think it's perfectly natural for people to wonder what it's like being the other sex, probably because you know all the awkward and horrible aspects of your gender and can't really see those of the other one, it's the whole 'life is greener on the other side'

Sure gay guys can be cute, but that doesnt mean they have a perfect relationship. They have no more romance in their relationships than anyone else. It all depends on how much romance you put it, because romance can take a bit of effort.
iv wondered if bein a male wud b easier than a gal
it has its ups and downs but i have wondered the same thing
I get it think that does sound sweet and I'm a straight guy just making that clear
My best friend is gay(hes awesome!  ) and he had a....boyfriend? she's a girl, who wants to be a guy and loves guys. six months before that, she had a crush on me. i was totaly confused...
I wonder that a lot but I still rather be girl memo
Oh my, I completely understand!
omg u're not the only one x.x I lent it to my friends (yaoi fans). but anyway I grown alter -ego ahahah
I personally dont know any gay guys/couples, but from what I have seen around its really cute, but i dont nessesarily want to be a gay guy, i just wanna be myself.Its easier being a emo girl being a bi emo in the locker room is not realy fun

there is a lesbian girl at my school, and its not awkward at all with her in the locker room...
omg u're not the only one x.x I lent it to my friends (yaoi fans). but anyway I grown alter -ego ahahah
hahah yay! yaoi! hahahah i read it in school
lol recently I joined rpg group. We're playing in awesome steampunk world and my character is a transvestite gay named Yaoi Kotoba XD He's leading a sect of Black Unicorn. First rule of his sect is: world is ur bi*ch cause it sucks! Then everthing around sucks so we're all bi*ches. ahaha
aaahaa aahaa aaaaaaaaahhhhhhh me sleepy...hahahah but m going to be le president of our anime club because our cuurrent president is moving away in two weeks and i shall make it a dirty animation class when the teacher is helping some other club!XD
I see your point, you walk down the mall and see a hot guy, ready to say hi and talk to him and then you see another guy kiss him then you know...no matter how pretty of a girl you are...their some guy your can't have...
I'm bi, but I totally get the whole wishing I was a guy thing... I can't explain it, but I do know that even in my dreams, alot of the time, I'm a guy... It sucks sometimes, but I know that I am how I am for a reason... I may not understand it, but it is what it is...
Same here except im not straight though every person ive ever had a crush turned out to be a gay guy or a straight girl.....guess i have bad luck
Well, since I was like 5 I plate with all of the boy toys, cars Legos monster trucks, I was interested in all of that I still am I've never wanted to be a girl I fuck
It fucking sucks** is what I ment to say at the end
I sometimes wish I was a gay guy, too. I'm not girly at all and I have more things in common with guys than I do with girls. So no, you're not alone.
Omg. i feel you. ive been like that for a while. I always wondered what it was like, i wouldnt change either, but im curious!
I'm a lamington that is in love with a llama.... so I can't judge
i feel the opposite. im a bi guy wishing i was just a straight girl. i feel that every girl i talk to (everyone is an inexact statement? oh well) and i tell them im bi they turn around and run away. i met this one chick in canada she thinks its cute. when i told her i was i was expecting her to unfriend me, she didnt of course. i like her because she understands. any way i wish i was a girl. 

   sincerely, 
   pwniboi
i don't have this problem... i'm bi and waiting to fall in love 
I'm a trans man, so I completely get the 'wanting to be a gay guy' thought process
have you concidered crossdressing or binding to see if you like it while keeping your mind and heart open to new people?
That's how I started dating my demisexual (we're
 both Demi) boyfriend and we've been together for over a year
Anyway, I suggest experimenting with your appearance
heh heh. I don't watch porn.
I prefer to.. just get laid.
not my thing bro i will prefer to hang around instead of watching
I'm not in the habit of watching porn but I have looked at those animated hentai if they have dramatic or historical story lines. It's so sophisticated so I don't mind when they drop a sex scene here and there. If only american soap opera was as good. Or atleadt more convincing actors because the cheesy-ness is so nauseating...
Opps... i'm suppose to be talking about porn... err.... let me think.... 
I do happen to like pictures of classy pin up models like Betty Paige. Thick, proportional, natural and healthy. They don't make them like that anymore.
					
					

Porn, is as predictable, cliche, repetitive, and plastiky as the top 40 on billboard.
This topic goes amazingly well combined with the profile picture.
Never intended to do...however some guys on my past schools watch that and then they are like "hey Ddraig, watch this"  it was the most disturbing thing that happened in my life. However I have seen hentai at random times (I mean like when watching a movie, anime, etc.) But it does not disturb me because its part of the story and it's not actually intended to do so.
amazing topic btw
Tumblr is all the porn I need
Hate it. I prefer the fully dressed Emo look to anything else. Keep clothes on please except in private of course.
....cooties.
I watch gay porn... every now and then like 4-5 times a month and I watch a straight porno every few months to remind myself why I'm gay
my prefered porn site would be
I honestly don't know if its cool to list porn sites, so im just going to delete them.
As long as they dont post like pictures and links, because that is definitely against the rules then everything should be fine.
This topic goes amazingly well combined with the profile picture.
Lol, what do you mean by that, is my pic really that bad?
I watch porn. Every now and then. But Tumblr fulfills all my porn needs c:
Nope.
Lol, what do you mean by that, is my pic really that bad?

You just seem like the stereotypical sort of guy who would ask random people about porn on a forum
Porn, especially in it's commonest variety, is gross and tasteless.
Porn is like photography: Anybody can do it, the greater majority of it isn't good, most of it looks like crap, and it is constantly being produced. That said, I as an adult male enjoy the occasional pornographic entertainment piece. However, videos do not stack up against reality. I've given my thoughts on the matter. Good day, all.
I watch it as often as I crave to, the site doesn't matter- it's the content that counts. 
Sometimes friends and I make it a game to find the cheesiest, most hilariously disturbing clip in a given time frame. You're not close to me unless we have laughed at a porn clip together x) 
As far as seriously watching porn and getting off, lesbian videos with alternative looking girls. Usually it is hard to find anything that isn't hard to sit through as far as acting, so I listen to sound clips. 
Bad lesbian porn = the girls competing over who can screech the loudest and most high pitched. Delicious sound clips of a girl legit getting off with a delicate voice = hrrrrngh
I don't have Tumblr but I do have Deviant Art lol.
Every chance i get. Lesbians 90% of the time. Www.xnxx.com
Permantly, tumblr is full of the stuff. Seriously? Once a month maybe, depends on how bored I am.fyi I'm very bored ATM. But I stick to camming with cute andro guys, or I go whip someone. (BDSM)
Lol a very valid point but I absutly loved the way u put it...so smart ass Lol I love smart asses I respect smart asses cuz they say what's on their mind lol
Dammit I forgot to hit multiquote Lol oh well I was talking bout the"shut up u fool comment by evil
Yep. I do. I watch it usually once a month. And I'm a girl, and I don't know if that's weird.
I really enjoy the public, gay (guy on guy or girl on girl, it doesn't matter), transgender, oldxyoung, bisexual threesomes, gay threesomes.
I've yet to watch Masochism/Sadism and Vampirism pornos, if those even exist. And I wish there were more goth/emo/alt. looking people in pornos too.
Though it's so difficult to find good pornos, they all have cheesy acting, overdone make-out scenes and the moans sound half-assed and not genuine. (Not to mention that the guys that make-out in the gay pornos don't look like their gay.) My fucking neighbors sound better than the couples in pornos.
Personally, not a fan, but I know a guy who has a 4300 GB external memory thing that's 100% full of the stuff.
I am a pansexual female who accepts everyone regardless of their sex. What about you guys?
Im Pan-romantic Asexual Male.
I'm a bisexual male that's interested in both genders
Broken, pansexuality doesn't simply mean accepting someone regardless of sex. Firstly it means both sex and sexual identity, i.e. male, female and transgender. Secondly it doesn't mean 'accepting', it means literally being attracted to and essentially wanting to have sexual relations with these people.
I am a female who is straight... I like to hang out with homosexuals, and bisexuals, as they have proven to be some of the COOLEST, and MOST AMAZING people, I know... plus... they're entertaining... I have nothing against them... I just don't want them to go to my house because my mother will harass them... so... yeah.
I"m a staight female
I'm a stick. I like other sticks.
Cia, that's your description of it. I do agree that it means being attracted to all people but it does mean being attracted to someone regardless of their gender.
Pansexual female
I have come to realize this already, thank you.
I'm a gay man
I am a pansexual female.
I am a panseuxal male, and single sadly though :/
Im bisexual
wellz im bisexual and interested in both
IM PANSEXUAL ND LOVE ALL GENDERS
I'm a pansexual female an proud of it!
I'm a female that's straight but there was this was girl that I guess I started liking she was adorable but idk what that's classified as but I believe love is love no matter what:)
I'm a bisexual female...I think love is love; you don't fall in love with someones gender, you fall in love with a person. (That's just my opinion though.)
Bisexual and male :3
I am a lesbian and I love emo girls. Femme type. A girl
Well I'm a bisexual female. But I do lean more towards guys.
It takes a real special girl to steal my heart, i guess -.-
Bisexual and female...I like girls but I wouldn't be In a relationship with one
i'm pan-male! hahah get it?
I'm a bisexual girl and I'm interested in both genders
Male, bisexual and proud.
I'm a female that's straight but there was this was girl that I guess I started liking she was adorable but idk what that's classified as but I believe love is love no matter what:)

Are you bi-curious?
I don't know what I am I'm a girl and I love hanging out with the bi and gay people.
I'm a straight female.
I am straight ~
For my gender... I consider myself like agender (not sure of the world)
I'm a pansmexual guy. I'm very comfortable with all genders :3
Female and straight, back off ladies no-ones getting this piece of meat
Male...and pansexual. I fall in love with people, not genders. I've been in love with beautiful guys and girls
I don't like to label myself but I'm male and I like both girls and boys.
Straight.
I am a male
And I'm BiSexual.
Bi sexual and a chick!
gender: N1nj4
SO: Awesome
Bi sexual and a chick! 
and hot!D:
i am a guy that is bi hey that rymed
I'm bisexual and female. :3
ima bi guy
I'm straight and I love and accept gay and bi people and frankly any others. Ive always wanted a gay or bi best friend but frankly havent been able to find any where i live:/ IT'S LIKE THEY DONT EXIT HERE!.
I'm straight and female. and I love and accept gay and bi people and frankly any others. Ive always wanted a gay or bi best friend but frankly havent been able to find any where i live:/ IT'S LIKE THEY DONT EXIT HERE!.
Heterosexual, but bicurious. Male.
Im a female thats a lesbian :-)
I'm a bisexual , pansexual male.
girl and straight
I'm a female and straight, but I do find myself curious sometimes.
Straight sober. And very much female.
I like getting the best of both worlds.
Male, and I can confidently call myself bi
Male and eterosexual ....but in strike!
Female and straight, back off ladies no-ones getting this piece of meat 


because liz already got it
I am transgender ftm and omnisexual
Straight female ^.^.
Female and straight, back off ladies no-ones getting this piece of meat 
I might be able to change your mind
Male and straight.. yup.
I'm bi and like both
Potsexual.
Pansplit metrocasual bro chiller
Gay male
straight as line
I would consider myself bisexual. I usually prefer females. But I have times when I lust for a man.
im taz and I'm straight but i believe that everyone has the right to love who they want to love
I'm a bisexual female
im a bi sexual male and on some occasions my friends describe me as fishy
Straight .--.
Im pansexual. I'm Peter Pansexual! :3 lol I'm a girl. I don't judge you for outer apperences. Gender nor sexuality matters to me. (Well duh  )
I'm a bisexual guy, I like guys and girls
I'm a female and I'm bi curious
I might be able to change your mind back off! Jem is MINE! And you, Jem! Have you forgotten about us?! Me and you and our homosexual relations?! Rude.
					
					

Im a bisexual female and dont give a shit what people think
Straight male my nigga
im a guy and im straight - into girls
I'm a bisexual female xD
I am a llama dog
Hi... I'm T.J... I am a Bisexual 15 year old male...
I'm a bisexual female
Gay male and proud of it. Wouldn't change it even if I could.
Bi, Male.
Female, Bandsexual


I am Pansexual and a female
I`m female, and bisexual
I dont do labels
I am a bisexual FtM Transgender.
Im a female that is bisexual...
im pansexual and I don't believe in gender so I see everyone as equal and regardless of gender so I don't identify with a gender
Straight male, but some of my closest friends are very... flamboyant to say the least.
buy generic viagra
viagra
buy viagra online
buy online cialis
buy cialis uk
buy cialis online
buy viagra on line
buy online viagra
buy viagra pill online
buy viagra now
buy viagra pill online
buy cialis online
cilais
buy viagra online cheap
buy generic cialis
buy viagra online without prescription
buy viagra
buy viagra without prescription
buy viagra canada
buy sildenafil




buy tadalafil
buy viagra online uk
buy sildenafil
viagra
buy sildenafil online
viagra
buy online viagra
buy cialis online
buy generic levitra online
buy viagra online without prescription
buy levitra
buy sildenafil online
buy online cialis
cilais
buy viagra on line
buy viagra cheap
buy levitra
buy tadalafil online
buy viagra internet
buy online viagra




buy levitra
buy online cialis
buy cialis cheap
buy sildenafil online
buy viagra on line
viagra
buy sildenafil
buy viagra internet
buy sildenafil online
buy viagra online cheap
buy viagra pill online
buy viagra online
buy cialis generic
buy viagra uk
buy sildenafil
buy cialis uk
buy tadalafil
cilais
buy viagra cheap
buy generic cialis online




No one in my family gives a shit about me,they say they do but their lying. Im just a gay emo guy looking for mr right but im afraid if i find him how will my family react.
1'm ju5t a hawt 3m() b0i l00king 4 a hawt 3m() b0i
my parents don't know that i'm bi....am i the only one living in secrecy??...x_x
no ur not. my mom doesnt know and im afraid she will disown me if i tell her.
Why would she disown you.?
wrong area to make this in v_v

my mom and dad dont know im bi but they have never asked me so i dont see any point in saying to them .-.
my parents dont like that im gay but after a year of literal blood sweat and tears, they have come to terms with it. granted my family is all homophobic so it was a struggle for me but so very worth it, to be able to be myself.
Ive told them but they think i am joking around but i am seriously A BISEXUAL and i really hate it when they make jokes there is only one person in my family who understands and she is my brothers girlfriend she gets me cause she is bi-sexual to
Ive kissed girls in front of them Ive kissed boys in front of them but they just think its acting or some bullshit they don't want me being who i am. If my father knew how ive grown up he would of disowned me and put me on the street
Im bisexual and my mum doesnt know mostly becase im afraid of what it will do to our already ragged relationship...
I'm a lesbian, and my family doesn't know.

Wen I was confused and bisexual my mom and stepdad knew, and also made fun of me. I told them otherwise and now think I'm straight, but still make fun of it. 

My dad and stepmom told me if I was gay in any way shape or form they would kick me out -.-

Ftw right?
My Mom knows that i'm Gay,,Not My dad though,,
Eh, a while ago, I told my mom I was bisexual. She denied it because of her homophobia.
Now, I'm pretty much straight, but it's really none of her business so I'm not going to even bother telling her.
no
I haven't told anyone in my family that I'm Pansexual, except my sister. They are very homophobic. My mom I'm not sure how she will handle it. My dad would never talk to. So, to them I'm straight as an arrow. It sucks not being who I really am. :/
My mom doesn't believe people can be bisexual so I have to keep it a secret so idk what tovdo about it anymore either..... I'm afraid my whole family would disown me
My parents have made it quite clear that they do not want to know and that I shouldn't label myself. My mum also tells everyone that I'm straight I used to hide it until they walked in on me just after a break up and made me tell them what had happened. Honestly I wish it was a secret
My mother constantly asks me if I'm a lesbian. Annnnd pretty much everyone else thinks I'm a lesbian, but eh, not much I can do about that haha. But yeah, I'm straight lol. I think it's harder for her to understand that I'm straight lmfao.
my parents know im Bi... they accept it as long as i dont get all up in their face about being Bi...
My parents know I'm bi... And can't stand it
no one knows in my family because their all christain and would hate me even more. they already hate how im "emo". my mother is the worst....even mentioning gays and she goes on a letercure of how its sin or bad or gross .
I don't know if they fully accept bisexuality itself... but they accept me and who I am.
I have came out publically that I was Bisexual but I'm not sure if either my parents don't know or they know and just hate it so they ignore it and pretend I'm straight.. My brother knows and really hates it but he just ignores and pretends I'm straight
its okay dude we are in this together.....BOBW!!

im straight.
im straight but there was once mum was talking to me going on bout if i turned into a lesbian she'd be fine with it etc...
that was an awkies convo
Yeah my mom always tells me your to young to be bi I told her no im not but my dad don't know shit
:/
My aunt says she doesn't understand it, but shes not homophobic or anything. she said as long as I'm being who I am she has no problem with me being bi. My dad's a dick to me about it tho, calling me a lesbian all the time, laughing like my sexuality is a joke. Hes a fucking dick.
nobody knows anything about me maybe some ppl but yea nm  
kinda confused... about my orientation
and everone pushed me  like ur lesbian blebleble (even it wan't true)  
my familly, old friends, stupid ppl --' 
but yea i don't know anymore
My dad doesn't know, but my mom knows. Let's just say when I told her she was very very mad. It didn't go well at all. I guess she thinks of me discussing for being bisexual.
You are not alone. I've never admitted to being bi anywhere but here. Litterally first time. I am the only bi guy in my entire college and within a 30 mile radius of legel people.
My mom found out that I was bi-curious and so she talked to me about it and says I was disgusting for doing it...
my mom found out i was bi and she started  to freak out so just for her sake i had to tell her i was lying... no one in my family knows about it or the insident that happend.. theyre all religious jerks
My parents hate it....i'm bi and when they found out my mom yelled at me about how she wanted grandchildren from me.....she forgot about it later but eventually my dad found out and i'm surprised they haven't killed me or kicked me out yet..... :/
I just recently told a young cousin of mine. 

i'm not sure if I could handle telling my parents .
My mom doesn't believe people can be bisexual so I have to keep it a secret so idk what tovdo about it anymore either..... I'm afraid my whole family would disown me  Just be your self, I believe that someone in your family would understand you.I have told my sister and she told my mom but i think my mom thinks my sister was joking but i dont know
I'm bi and i have a girlfriend and i told my mom ages ago, she said she was fine with it but warned me not to mention it to everyone because some people don't accept it.   she seems to ignore the fact i have a girlfriend and always talks about boys and how she can't wait for me to get married to someone and have kids of my own with them. 
It can be tough , but it can be a relief to get it out there and not feel like you have something to hide all the time, but i wouldn't do it till you're sure you want them to know and are prepared for their opinions.
you can get married "with a girl" and still have kids.....with your wife.....
its not such a big of a deal....
atleast she has accepted you for who you are,you shouldnt really worry about what others say,as long as your loved ones have accepted you then it shouldnt bother you as much.....
fuck what everyone says.....
heck i live in a country where is forbiden to be gay....
i have to hide it...
its not easy,i would kill to walk around town n hold my girl n kiss her infront of everyone but i can't or i will be stoned to death....
my mother has a clue,but we never talk about it,sometimes she gives me "the look" but later on she smiles....
its the fact that its in our culture that its prohibited aswell....
but i can not wait to get the hell out of here n just be who i am
but i am happy with my girl and i show it when we are around people that dnt mind....
but i would kill to be open about it!!
My parents are extremely accepting. My grandmother once caught my uncle kissing his boyfriend, so i don't have to worry about that. But Im really uncomfortable even thinking about telling them that I'm bi
My brother told my mom he was gay but he didnt tell me that he was gay, i found out he was cuz one of my friends told me that theyre older sibling said that my brother was gay... My mom is completely fine with his gayness, unless you're parents "HATE" bi people, then i'm suggesting you tell your parents (:
Mum and dad dont accept me. I came out two weeks ago and they still haven't come to terms with the fact that I'm bi. Pretty much I told them that if they dont accept itor learn to live with it, then i'm moving in with my grandma.
Never spoken to them about it. Supposedly everyone's born bisexual.. so I don't understand why it's such a bad thing for them.
I'm bi-curious but I don't think they'd ever ask.
Im Bisexual n i can never tell my family once i mention about a gay friend i had my mom started having a freak out saying i could never be friends with him n my dad would just kick me out of the house n all cause they think its a sin n other stuff ughhh its such a pain so for now im just going to make them think im straight :/
They don't know anything.  But if they did, I really wouldn't let them disagree.  I'll threaten that I'll never talk to them or ee them ever again, and that should be enough to make them deal with it.  If they don't deal with it, then I will not converse with them until they decide to apologize and deal with it, and then i'l forgive them and everyone'll be happy, hopefully.
My parents are kind of accepting. My grandfather is fine  with it. My grandma isnt so good with it. My parents are pretty open minded to a point. I'm just worried about coming out to them, just incase of what their reaction is.
					
					

Mam accepts it. She's awesome ^ ^ But dad wouldn't. I didn't even told him. u.u
I've only talked to my mom about it since my dad wouldn't be happy. She doesn't like it though, she thinks I'm joking & says "Well it's one way or another. You can't like both." so....yeahh I don't think they quite accept my S.O.  :c
My parents don't know I'm Bi... I'm afraid to tell them bc i don't really know how they would react. I've asked my friend for advise because she is also bi... she told me she TEXTED her mom and told her because she felt safer that way.. lol but i honestly don't know how to tell them. so in that case no..
Nope they think its wrong so I never told them
My parents probably wouldnt care but it would take me  a while to admit if I was gay/ bi etc
my family accepts it. I ended up coming out to them because my dad found my journal and read through it
I am Bisexii and proud
they know it...but m not sure if they accept it
My parents dont approve of gays...i could never tell them
I think my sister may know 'cause it's clear that I'm gay I may tell my mom but she always laughs about gay people and I'm not telling my dad 'cause he is against the idea of homosexuality and said there should be a cure for it
My mom and brother are the only family that know. I'm scared to let my dad found out. He'd probably disown me.
wrong area to make this in v_v
my mom and dad dont know im bi but they have never asked me so i dont see any point in saying to them .-.
my mum, her boyfriend and my brothers know i'm pansexual tbh my mum knew before i did she's really open about this kind of thing so i'm lucky in that way;my friends know but my dad, his wife and his parents who are basically my favourite grandparents don't know i'm scared to tell them i already have a really bad relationship with my dad but i don't know what my grandparents would be like they love me and want me happy but i've never thought how they'd react to me having a girlfriend :/ or to go out with someone trans it seems natural to me so i don't know
My parents are clueless
I have'nt even told them that im bisexual ^-^
Umm...i did talk about it with my mum thoee 
She said theres nothin wrong with it  but yeah 
My mum and dad dont know.... -.-
I've told my parents I'm bisexual. I told them through a poem (Cause that's just what I do to get feelings out) They say it's fine, they say they're all supportive and shit, but I honestly don't think they're okay with it, because now that they know, my dad seems to be saying "That's Gay" a lot... ._.
My stepdad tolerates me, my mom and grandma accept me, my stepbrother is 'one of me' (that sounds weird but I'm sure you get it, lol).
My parents arent homophobic, but I havent told them yet. Im still kinda afraid even though Im pretty sure theyll accept me :3
For me personally, it doesn't matter if they know I'm demi-pansexual or whatever I am, it's none of their business. I'm not exactly bringing home stray boys every night so it doesn't matter if they know or not. I can be me without everyone else sticking their noses in my business, ya know?
I don't think it mattered that i'm heterosexual or otherwise. When i was 15 they still didn't want me hooking up with a female getting into a predicament, fucking up my life as a promising athlete because i paid more attention to a relationship then my academics. In the 90's no matter what your orientation was, dating was still taboo and a major set up for failure. Believe it. This dramatic fight for same sex dating entitlements is nothing.
I don't think it mattered that i'm heterosexual or otherwise. When i was 15 they still didn't want me hooking up with a female getting into a predicament, fucking up my life as a promising athlete because i paid more attention to a relationship then my academics. In the 90's no matter what your orientation was, dating was still taboo and a major set up for failure. Believe it. This dramatic fight for same sex dating entitlements is nothing. 

Same. When you're a teenager you can't be with anyone. That's how it was with my sister's and my brother.
told my mom i was gay and she said your emo and gay were did i go wrong and on top of that no guy likes me so yah no one excepts me
seems like alot of people are on the same boat as me


This is just a topic for gay emo guys like me to talk about our lives/struggles. If you want to rant thats ok, if you want to try and find a bf thats cool this is a site to meet people. Also dont be afraid if your no sure if your gay asking for advice is never bad. So join in on the talk guys.
It doesn't have to be romantic talk, but it can be whatever you want to talk about.  I'll listen.
Awhhh so lovely
xD Me? Thank you.  Omg I love your hair.
I've been trying to ignore it for a couple of years now, but the more I think about it is the more it makes sense.
When I was6, my mom laughed at me for saying I wanted to grow up to be a man
I can put together a flattering outfit, but I've never been too feminine
Dresses and skirts and things are fun on rare occassion but in a childish, dress up way
I've always been protective over the few friends I have..
I feel like an absolute freak because of being transgender
Is anyone else here trans, or genderfluid?
Its not useless, a dose of nostalgia every once and again is a good thing
While I'm sorry there gone, I'm glad you got to have someone like that in your life
well dead people should be missed or envied, sometimes both.. bot every story have an endless ending.
and you are right, no such thing as useless.. even gray acts revoke white and black reactions .. well i hope you smile
this shouldnot be this dark !
I'm kinda genderfluid, but I still mainly identify as female.
Im bisexual but i cant find any girls or guys that are.... Well ..... Uhm i guess like me ahhaha anyway comment if u live near by!
i just moved from colorado...sorry!
Haha its ok
I do
I do!!! I live in the Springs
You don't really need people to be specifically like you. I don't believe lesbian females of hetero males will have a hard time tolerating that you are bisexual.
I DOOO!!.... oh wait... no... i don't
I do
I don't.... Please don't give out you ur info on the internet u can't necessarily trust anyone. So watch what you say 
biting xD
emo guys kissing 
when a guy bites my neck and kisses it..

^What "KissmeKillme" said

OH...MY...LORD! 

Im like super super sensitive there .
A switch.
pasta
polymetric stuff
something like 3/4 or 6/8
fast bpm
Break-downs
sweet things or acts
Porn
eyeliner guys as tall if not taller than me (I'm six feet tall as of now) sensitive guys
guys spooning and guys with kittens

ohhh, when they tickle me... I'm mega ticklish
when i open a door
emo guys kissing
people playing with my neck
generally hot guys
Andy from Black Veil Brides
A guys ``v`` line
sometimes people who are making sexual jokesamazing eyes
boyxboy love stories
(I DON`T ACT ON THIS AROUSAL THOUGH)
when im called cute (rare)
waist hugs
and if u give me candy or cookies
Biting, kissing, touching, heat transfer. Stuff like that in a pitch black room
cuddles
biting
xD
Hmmm.. the distortion/ overdrive switch on my amp? Err Biting, Cuddling, Amazing Eyes, Emos, Gameing while cuddleing, when I'm cuddling someone and they get so close I can feel there heart beat
Teasing, biting lip, touching nd grabbing hips, and saying I love you passionatly
I love a man who'll toss my salad.
This comment made my week.
innocent
lol prey :9


I'm always attracted to guys with piercing idk its weird if I'm at the mall or something and I see a really cute guy talker then me with a nice body and piercing especially lips ones I'm just like "oohhhhh mmmyyyyy gggooodddd!!" And when the they have black hair I love black hair for some reason. But they have to like bunnies and kittens! Ohk no they don't that's just a plus for me if they do I just this its adorable a guy holding a kitten so cutes:3 but yeah the personality always tops it off especially if he's really funny fun to be with and likes to cuddle I'm good
I'm always attracted to guys with piercing idk its weird if I'm at the mall or something and I see a really cute guy taller then me with a nice body and piercing especially lips ones I'm just like "oohhhhh mmmyyyyy gggooodddd!!" And black hair idk I just love black hair for some reason.
For some reason if go to the mall or something and I see a guy with piercings especially lip ones I'm just like "ohhhh myyyy goooodd!" Black hair I just love black hair for some reason. And when their taller than me and have a nice body lol I think that's all girls. Ohh and their voice if its that smooth velvety voice especially when they laugh oh my globs hottest thing ever if I hear a guy like that I'm a goner. But its the personality for me.
Boys that look like Brendon Urie when he was 19
The start-up button on my laptop. I MEAN DAYUM
neck biting C; x
Guys with wisdom, intelligence and imagination.
I like it when people can hold a long conversation without me getting bored.
					
					

when a boy moans
Neck biting neck kissing  wrestling and being licked like oh my gawd YESSS!!!
Hot emo girls with snakebite piercings, long black hair with colored streaks (red, blue, purple, etc...) and girls who are slightly crazy (in a good way) and are talkative since I'm quiet. And to me almost every emo girl I see is hot by my standards lol. So basically emo girl+snakebites+black hair=OH MUH GAWD
being rough like omg push me aginst a wall and kiss me....biteing, kissing, kissing my neck, taller guys with amazing eyes, when they can be rough but nice and want to listin to you mmm also piercings and a nice body;p
a pie with a hole in it
I have many x3 but my fav r:
Someone kissing / nibbling my neck.. whispering in my ear... emo guys kissing x3.... duh.... lol.... when someone rubs their hands smoothly and gently on the Inside of my thighs .... when someone bites me... when someone tlks about sex or anything in thy category .... haha Yupp... thtz me cx
Girls running with big sexy tits
nice pretty dark eyes
My whole body if you stroke light enough and feet (judge me if you will)
BDSM, spanking, male transvestites, piercings(not in genitals though), scrawny guys, and nerds
oh and gay porn
sex
Japanese Fart porn and two girls one cup c;
liz!^.^
Lizzie pooping c;
I turn everyone on!
I turn everyone on! 
except tony...only my pie has that capability
;n; but I have a bostaff
i dont turn anybody on ;-; OH I FORGOT to say Lizzie eating c;
I'm not telling! 
The g-spots of my body are to remain a secret,
Shhhhhhhhhh!
^ hahahahah. Ew.
^ hahahahah. Ew.
Agreed. xD
^^^^^^^^^ Tony is an automatic turn on. 
Don't believe me? 
look at that kids pictures. 
DAMN. Cx
					
					

I'm not telling! The g-spots of my body are to remain a secret, Shhhhhhhhhh!
  what is this "G-spot?"
Tony knows too much about girls. 
THAT'S a turn on.
is there a myth about a male g-spot to give girls hope too? 
Girls can give guys orgasms without even touching them, so they don't really need hope.
Girls can give guys orgasms without even touching them, so they don't really need hope.
hehe...most of them do
hehe...most of them do
cooties
Your logic is a turn on. XD
Ok know this subject has gotten out of hand.
Guys in v necks and skinny jeans ,
Guys who bite their lip, 
The jealous type ,
And the sweet type all in one
					
					

Biting...anywhere biting
when guys bite your neck
guys in skinny jeans  lol
Nothing
When I kiss girls.
When guys bite , lick , suck on my neck OMF 
biting xD
emo guys kissing 
Guys who are very sentimental and emotional, cry easily and love too much.
Guys who are open minded and easy to talk too. And can make me laugh: That's very important to me. 


Neck kissing, neck sucking, neck biting o.o and biting, on shoulders and back ~
T
M
I
					
					

Lip bitting. Like when you're making out and he/she bites your lip? Yeah.. Boys with abs
Buddy Club Spec II. That turns me on.
When a guy bites me.
When a guy smacks my ass.
Pinning me to a wall and kissing me.
Grabbing me from behind, squeezing my tits and reaching for my P.
When a guy bites me.
When a guy smacks my ass.
Pinning me to a wall and kissing me.
Grabbing me from behind, squeezing my tits and reaching for my P.
O____o Dafuq.
When a guy bites me. When a guy smacks my ass. Pinning me to a wall and kissing me. Grabbing me from behind, squeezing my tits and reaching for my P.


Your P?
Sweatpants
not really sure
potoatoes
corsets
stockings
long dresses
pretty eyes
Long hair, preferably past the shoulders but not too long
is a good artist
and some other traits
NECK KISSES FTW!!
Boys with piercings
PAIN! XP
Well, what do I even say. O.O?
Cia
Mmmf Cia.
He turns my switch right on. Mmf.
gross. cooties. D:
Hmmm...
Omfg almost any and everything sexual.
IA switch.

Hahaha a switch! That's goodXD.

But really I think what turns me on is a deep intoxicating kiss in the heat of the moment you know XD
Guys kissing isn't really a turn on for me. Don't get me wrong it's cute or whatever, but if I'm not in it then I guess not. Xb 
Sorry, and butting is also a turn on I guess.
I

Hahaha a switch! That's goodXD.

But really I think what turns me on is a deep intoxicating kiss in the heat of the moment you know XD
Guys kissing isn't really a turn on for me. Don't get me wrong it's cute or whatever, but if I'm not in it then I guess not. Xb 
Sorry, and butting is also a turn on I guess.oops
 I meant biting.
Auto correct suck Xb
I agree with pain
When they pull you close by the waist, bite their lip and kiss you.
Always worl
emo guys making out. get's me every time. Also biting, lots of biting


BDSM. Y'all nillaz.
Elbows, and sometimes knee's if they're small enough
^ Same. ^
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
@WasteOfMind - I resemble that remark and proud of it.
I sometimes question
Tall Dark and Handsome ... oh and Crazy Smart 
just wondering....
Yayy! First reply! Humm, I'm still kinda trying to figure this one out myself, but probably bi
Im Pansexual :33
hmmmm, i think this thread should have a poll or something
I'm bi
I'm Bi and proud .
im bi :3

(my 2000th post! ^-^)
					
					

Generally I just go north.
Male,Bisexual and i'm taken got a bf from Portugal xD
Bi-curious as of today
ihonestly dnt know. igo wherever the sexual wind takes meh  lol
pan
Loves Being Straight 
Bi and I have a gf
idk I'm young....I guess I'm bi curious tho... (btw I'm a chick)
pansexual here :3

maybe bi-curious??? o_0
I'm straight.
but im open to any kind of orientation. i dont judge :3
I'm bi but for the last year I've only dated guys.
To be honest, I miss having a girlfriend. Not really sure why, I just do.
Pan  i have a bf thoh, but me and my gf/fwb/whatever (xD) have been going for like 7 months :3
im straight. but i tried bi before.
emotionally and sexualy bi c:
I'm going to have to say im bi-curious.
Bi And Proud 
idk...
bi and love it
Bi ^.^ and Proud
I'm a proud Bisexual xD !
im bisexual and im over it. My last girlfriend of two years just left me for a fu*king guy
Straight and Proud:3
I'm straight.
Or bi-curious. Idk.

I'd date a girl if I liked her, but I have yet to meet any girl I'm attracted to.
pan cause I love anyone regardless of the person's gender
Bisexual and PROUD but still tring to come out to everyone its so hard  :'(   I have a bf
I dont really know. XD
I will have to go with bisexaul
Bi
dunno
pansexually.   and loving it.
I am bisexual.
I find both boys and girls attractive. Physically I actually find females more attractive - i find myself looking at them and fantasizing about them a lot more than males. I've felt this way for about 6-7 years.
Still I've only dated boys lol
lesbian & proud....didn't take that long 2 figure out.
I'm Bi. ^-^ x3
If I'm attracted to them then yeah so I guess I'm bi though I've never really been with a girl before I've made out with one on a dare but that's all so I suppose I would really be straight. It kills me not knowing what my true oreintation is:(
I'M GAY, BITCES! 
Bi bitches and proud
I'm not sure to be honest... It's confusing :/
In the grand scheme of things, it really shouldn't matter. Really, who cares what anyone else is? As long as you yourself know who you are and are comfortable as a human being, it's absolutely meaningless. I leave you with this song..
I'm sorry sorry sorry. But the amount of you that said bi. Did you know thats actually part of the sterotype. Bet you did. I bet 5% actually are bisexual when they say they are. I myself am Asexual ( A for awesome)
I'm a bi and proud of it
i am bi-curious. Its awesome!!!
I am Bi- but i prefer guys
Bi. And it's not that I just said I am. I was realising it for a long time.. I think I'm even 4-4,5 on Kingsleys' scale. But now in a stable relationship with a boy (although a girlish one ;P). I hope we'll be together foreveh ^-^
Bisexual. (:
Love is love, no matter what gender.
Bi-curious
SuperNatalie! is my only orientation
SuperNatalie! is my only orientation 
Lol xD aww:)
As straight as a yardstick my friend.
I am straight but when ever i meet someone they always think im gay xD idk why that is :3
well.....i like guys but then i also go for girls sometimes...so maybe im half girl half guy....
Bisexual !  But I still love women more...but having a man makes me happy to.
pansexual :3 and currently with a guy yayness
Me too Sister XD
pansexual 
Umm I'm straight but idk I guess I'm bi- curious 
And totally open minded 
Good bad? Idk
Ermmmmm ok first time I confessed I'm bi- curious
Fighting wit myself if I should or shoyldnt put this up but oh well too late now...
Bye ppl
Straight, dude.
Bi and single
Im bi and looking for someone
I like pickle flavored chips. I'm sexually attracted to them.
gay
but I prefer bi guys
Asexual.
Lesbian
Straight, If i was female i would go lesbian.
Straight, If i was female i would go lesbian.
           
lol if I was a guy I would be sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo
gay
gay and proud X3
Im a Gigantic Faggot
Pansexual all the way!~!
Straight and forever will be.
Pansexual, open to all 
Propane.
Bi all the way, female (yes, I know I look quite manly in some of my pictures .
Pansexual and proud.
Gay! :3
Bi-curious or pan ill go where ever love takes me no matter what gender. I'm a girl btw and taken by a bf 
In The Closet Bi-Sexual
Bi

heterosexual temporarily on strike
zero racism for all the rest


It's prejudice not Racist....


Pansexual and engaged to a boyfriend
Can't wait to tell my grandchildren about all the stupid teenagers that were sexually attracted to kitchenware.
Bi and engaged.  So that technically makes me straight, I guess.
Asexual. I don't care for a relationship with anyone right now. Nor do I have much of any interest.
hmm i am bi curious but i do not excatly have a way to expeiment and see if i like girls or not
Im bi and I really likes girls...but I prefer to be in a relationship with a boy
Im bi and I really likes girls...but I prefer to be in a relationship with a boy 
Good Choose :DD  Xd
Im bi leaning more towards the guy side though. Somehow i act perfectly straight
I'm as bisexual as it comes. I find both males and females attractive, and I don't even have a preference for one side or the other. I just find people attractive. A few of my friends have considered that I might be pan, but I wouldn't say that. I don't think.
Girls are cute, but guys are cuter. And BTW, I'm a guy...
I've posted here before saying I was bi-curious. Now I'm definitely bisexual...
isn't there already a topic for this?...oh well it seems there's multiple topics for everything so...i'm bi-curious
I'm straight but I stand up for gays no matter wat even if ppl think that oh ur probably gay ur self I help I don't make fun of ppl u can be who ever u want to be nomatter wat and don't change cuz someone is making fun of u or they want u to change feel free to be wat ever u want to be
Bisexual pride c:
lesbian
Bisexual.
Pansexual
Pansexual and proud c:
I'm saving mines for my gf 
most guys won't admit it so I will admit it I'm a virgin
idc if Im 40 and still havnt lost my virginity. Sex doesnt really appeal to me in any way, shape, or form. Id rather lose it to the love of my life/ soulmate or whatever word you wanna use. So in other words im waiting for the right person and not some stupid whore.


idc if Im 40 and still havnt lost my virginity. Sex doesnt really appeal to me in any way, shape, or form. Id rather lose it to the love of my life/ soulmate or whatever word you wanna use. So in other words im waiting for the right person and not some stupid whore.
Same ^
Why would you start a topic on a subject you can't even spell correctly?
Why would you start a topic on a subject you can't even spell correctly?
sorry that my spelling sucks so stfu
not yet^^ 13 and virgin
nope, I'm even sweet 16 never been kissed XD
I'm proud to say that I'm still a virgin
And as stated by the others above me,I want to wait so I can give it to my soulmate since this is something special
So idc I'll wait the time I have to
It's worth it
awwwww im sorry Mr. Emo..... (gives ya a hug) an yes life is a drag X(
i still have mine ^^ of course i don't want to lose it to some idiot asshole who doesn't even care about me. i want it to be special so I'd remember it forever
I've lost all my virginities at the age of 19. And I don't regret cause I gonna to spend the rest of my life with person I gave it to... 
most guys won't admit it so I will admit it I'm a virgin
The problem is usually when guys admit anything from liking someone to being a virgin or having feelings they get
HHAHAHAHAHA GAAAY WHAAAAAY WANKER, WHAT A NOB HEAD.
So guys tend to keep it to themselvesis
Wish I can re-name this topic I spelled Virginty wrong .
The problem is usually when guys admit anything from liking someone to being a virgin or having feelings they get
HHAHAHAHAHA GAAAY WHAAAAAY WANKER, WHAT A NOB HEAD.
So guys tend to keep it to themselvesis
LMFAO hahaha lol that is hilarious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and logikal and no I did not misspell logikal I like using k instead of c
I lost my virginity when I was 16. I don't regret it but I do regret losing it to that particular person. I think that everyone has the right to lose their virginity when they feel ready. As long as you really care about the person.
Lost mine to an ex. Waited long enough to be sure and got burned anyway. those who still are a virgin, be careful to who you loose it to, they may be gone the next day or even week....
1- Im still waiting...
2- 10 years later: still waiting...
3- In grave: still waiting...
4- When reincarnated: still waiting...
5- reincarnated life dies: still waiting...
6- repeat steps 4 and 5
7- repeat step 6
8- repeat repeat repeat repeat
that'd be sad
im still a virgin...my brothers try to make fun of me but look what they got themselves into two of them are fighting against there ex's for there kids ...so yea im proud of myself
.
I'm not a virgin... Can't say I regret anything of it. I got reabstitant after losing my and my friend's baby. But I say I lost my renewed virginity to the love of my life, and I know that I don't regret taking his virginity. 
Lost mine to an ex. Waited long enough to be sure and got burned anyway. those who still are a virgin, be careful to who you loose it to, they may be gone the next day or even week....
that is true cuz thats what happend to me... he got what he wanted an left the next day..... i know how you feel Rhyes  why is the world so fucked up??? 
14 and still a virgin proud of it
nope, I'm even sweet 16 never been kissed XD
Well this has changed as of last tuesday night
I am a guy and i don't care who knows. I am still a virgin. Like a lot of people's comments above, i'm going to wait for the right girl to take it from me.
I am a guy and i don't care who knows. I am still a virgin. Like a lot of people's comments above, i'm going to wait for the right girl to take it from me.
I agree im a girl and I know for a fact im not ready to lose my virginity but once I meet the right guy if I haven't already met him ill know im ready
Still a virgin xD idk waiting for the right one...and right time...
i didn't lose my virginity...because i know who has it
Me... but to someone special ... thank God 
I'm a virgin and I am proud of it. What Shawn said , I would have to agree.
I'm still a virgin and I really don't mind it. It does get kind of annoying when all you hear around you are people gloating about how many people they've fucked. A lot of my guy friends do that, and honestly in my mind it doesn't make them more of men, but it makes me not want to touch them out of fear I'll contract some sort of disease if I do XD
16 and a virgin and I'm gunna beat the worlds oldest virgin record 


I lost my virginity to my first love.
I still have mine im little miss virgin mary
I still have mine im little miss virgin mary
haha I feel that way around my friends well I am that around my friends
Not Me lol
I'm not a virgin. I've had 4 partners since i was 18 (currently i'm 26) and I am not sorry. You snively little proudy pants.
Not a virgin, for those who are save it for someone special! :-)

Well said!
Well said!

Haha thxx. But like serously, its something im proud of
Haha thxx. But like serously, its something im proud of 

Its good to hear :-) makes a change from people proud to say they sleep around and that lol!
Its good to hear :-) makes a change from people proud to say they sleep around and that lol!

Lol anywayss I promised to myself that I wouldnt have sex until I get married. I mean come on im 16 I can wait to get fucked up.
Lol anywayss I promised to myself that I wouldnt have sex until I get married. I mean come on im 16 I can wait to get fucked up.

"I can wait to get fucked up"
Hahaha what a way to put it!
Virgin and proud!!
Im a little ho.
not yet^^ 13 and virgin


You shouldnt be thinking about sex anyways..
haha what a silly question
I lost mine a while ago to my bf
22 here and I lost mine over eight years ago. I don't regret losing it so young as much as I regret the fact that I lost it with someone who ended up not being worth my time.
Also probably isn't the time to talk about my gf's freakin' makeup from Hell range. I kissed her fairly deeply a few times and my mouth and tongue was burning like satan's ball sac. I kissed her after we'd both had some chili peppers the other night and it didn't sting half as much.
I lost it..and i not sorry.
I have, I came out to my best friend and she hasn't talked to me since. She spread nasty rumors about me and gennerally made my life hell since.
wow thats a horrible best friend, i havnt actually been bullied yet but a lot of people give me wierd looks...
I was bullied. Lost half my friends, rumors were spread, got beat up a few times, but I'm okay. They're just jealous that they aren't as fabulous as us.
yes and it is not right... what right do people have to dictate what sexualities  are ok or not it is nobodies business but your own
Wooowww.. what a good best friend.. Yes, I came out like 2 weeks ago and since then I told some of my close friends (like 5 people) 3 of them were just happy form me.. the other two didn't spread rumors about me but they don't talk to me anymore and look dirty to me if they see me.. But i don't have any regret of telling people.. this is who I am I can't hide myself forever..
Get with the times everybody. All orientations are moderately being accepted and supported. This whole orientation/bully thing doesn't have to come up every other day in a new thread,  your orientations have long been accepted by the community in case you didn't read all the other threads on the forums that cover this exact subject.


Except furries. I consider myself tolerant but I don't care for those sick beastiality mother fuckers. And they should all be tossed in the mother fucking jungle. Good luck trying to rape a lion or zebra or whatever... and don't get pissed at me because you're never gonna fuck fluttershy no matter how much you masterbate to her fanart.

Everybody else... find something new to cover this orientation thing is so played out.
eh it's comfortable to everyone in some way...so i don't get bullied
Usually not. But there was one such situation. I was bullied by a friend of my friend who had some supporting group with her. She knew I was bi and was afraid that I will .. idk.. steal this friend from her? She was probably jelous but for no reason. And they treated me badly x.x
No Never. Thats why I didnt come out til after I graduated highschool.
ive been buuliied for the past 2 years for beiin bii and wen ii was ppl spread ruumors n my mom even calld me a gay biitch once... ii lost a lot of my friiends and cuudnt really make new ones bc wen i tld them they were liike dnt rape me lol... iit suucks
yes and it's a big no-no for me. i think people can express their selfs in any way without bieing judged. when i said i was gay people hated me even my dad  but i said it in front of the whole school XD so evry1 knew. but weeks passed and the "cool" guys dicided to beat me up but Franklyn saw it from bihind a tree and told the police then soon he beame my boyfriend
I came out to my Best friend, thinking she would be cool about it considering we'd known each other for four years. She called me worthless and unlovable, said she wouldn't be friends with someone so disgusting and told all of my "friends" and her parents who told my adoptive parents and they treated me like shit until Wednesday when I turned 18 and I moved out. Now everyone that knows me knows that I am who I am and I don't give a shit what anyone thinks. I have real friends that have been there for me for a year now and I'm doing so good. I actually have an amazing Girlfriend and I consider all the abuse over. I may still get dirty looks and people may still say things behind my back but it doesn't matter to me, they are of no concern if they are too cowardly to say something to my face.
I was called fag gay and stuff before I came out now after I came out every one is cool with it and kinda feel sorry for those years of torrment I just have to come out to my family now


Yes...i told someone i trusted and it spread like crazy in the 7th grade lost about 85% of my friends now i dont know who to trust
I was in tha 6th grade and I told my bff and she told every1..... but me and her still hang out and she even intruduced me 2 my boyfriend.....
Yes. when i first came out it was because of a girl i liked. we started dating and she didnt want to date me if i was going to keep her a secret. And i liked her a lot. so i didnt get to easily tell people. or just tell my friends first. Everyone at school found out at the same time. teachers gave me dirty looks and treated me differently. i lost some friends because they were '"scared" and "Afraid i would rape them or something" as they say or that its "gross" ... and theni got bullied by a bunch of guys on my bus because of it. they said its not right im going to hell that im disgusting. and they would give me dirty looks and so on. but im okay now. its mostly stopped. and i dont really care anymore i am who i am and if they cant except me for me then they can fuck off
I just read through those comments and now I'm even more terrified of coming out. Is it really that bad sometimes?
Yeah. All the girls in the locker room avoid me for being bisexual. But it's okay, I hate them all anyway. So I can just say "It's okay guys! Y'all are unattractive anyway! Too bisexy for you~"
Everyone will be bullied if theyre anything other then straight. Such a fucked up world we live in and its sad that people dont except anyone different and unique...
i and came out in like 4th grand nobody belived me. not even my parents, but i know who i was because i am me. then in 6th gradeit started. they bullied me endless. almostevery week i missed school. then in 7th grade i just gave up. i put the finger up and said "i am whoever you say i am. if i wasnt then why would i say i am." (quoted by Eminem btw) "if you want to beat me up or anything ill print out my way home on google maps. no one ever messed with me again. i got attention from "fag hags" every where.   

Fag hags are people who are straight and love gay people. commonly woemen

Sincerely,
Pwniboi
I get bullied everyday. My parents hate me. My dad overheard me because I came out to my cat since I didn't have any friends anyway.
I recall in my early years of highschool, I was jumped by a group of girls every other day because I was openly bisexual, even though I was in a relationship with a boy. Being a teenager, I thought my life was over and everyone hated me and I was an outcast and blah, blah.
I was in a feel-sorry-for-myself mindset. But you know what? Life goes on. There are going to be people that hate you, and people that like you. Theres going to be people that support you and people who discriminate against you. You have to
1) differentiate who supports you and who doesnt.
2) surround yourself with those who support you.
Yeah, it sucks that everyones gossiping about you. (Im not Christian but I really like this phrase), "This too shall pass." The rumors will die out eventually. The best thing to do is ignore it, build up your confidence. Walk around gay with your head held high. And slowly but surely, people will learn to adapt and accept you.
When I was in 7th-11th grades, I probably heard the word 'faggot' more than any other word, haha. My stepdad's first reaction when I came out was to give me the silent treatment and ignore my existence, my mother's was to yell out "if you want some motherfucker's dick up your ass and get AIDs, fine", and my grandma was instantly accepting (probably because when she was in her early 20s all of her roommates were gay/bi males, lol). Now, quite a few of the douchebags I encountered in school are really friendly to me, my stepdad and I hang out on a regular basis, and my mom is pretty much my best friend, ha.
I haven't been bullied for my sexuality because i've never came out yet (i'm pansexual). I think it's okay for people to be gay or lesbian or bi or anything else. Love is love, and no one can change that no matter how hard they try.
How Old Were You When You Lost Your Virginity?
I Was Sickly Enough 4, And That Bastard Is In Prison, He's Lucky I Can't Get To Him :|
what the fuck is with all the sex questions and shit on here lately?
haven't lost it yet
Still a virgin !!!  And proud!
still a virgin
and there is a forum in the sexuality/gender section
and a post
so y make this one?
still a virgin
and there is a forum in the sexuality/gender section
and a post
so y make this one?
Guess I Didn't See That One, Sorry
12. I don't regret it. We are still friends.
12 :3
Im still that rare breed u guys call virgins.
15...and we still go at it as friends
Im a virgin and frookin proud
Old enough
My virginity might as well be locked up inside Fort Knox. xD
Still a virgin and proud
I was 11.
I was legal.
14 or 15... I'm not sure exactly. I don't regret it because it proved I was gay  we are still friends tho
Still a virgin... unless phone sex counts XD
17
Virgin and proud
im 15 and still have it
I was legal.


what exactly is the legal age to have sex unless he/she is eighteen or older and you"re not or if they are younger then eighteen and you are older then eighteen then having sex is legal it's just I'm certain your parents don't like it though.


what exactly is the legal age to have sex unless he/she is eighteen or older and you"re not or if they are younger then eighteen and you are older then eighteen then having sex is legal it's just I'm certain your parents don't like it though.
I lost my virginity at seventeen in Louisiana.  Louisiana law states that you have to be seventeen to smash patties with an adult with parental consent. I was emancipated.
I was the age I was.
I lost my virginity at fifteen... .
I live in Louisiana...Im in Georgia.
Still have it waiting for the right person
20 yrs old haven't done traditional yet though traditional as in "Smashing pussy" k thx
A little under two months before my 15th birthday.
100% pure virgin olive oil
ny do  and they are ok with it
my mom and dad knows I'm bi
Im as open as can possibly be about my sexuality.....Im pretty sure any1 who knows me, knows Im gay as fuckkk. Well Im pansexual but From my personality you can tell im really into guys. aha
I'm pansexual. My Dad and Stepmom are okay with it but my Mom has a hard time with it and I don't know if my Stepdad knows. But overall, my parents just put up with it.
Nobody knows I'm lisben. Whoops I guess it's out now :cccccc I'm lisben everyone.
*holds yor hand* it's ok!!!!!!!1!!!!
Well here were i live its not even okay to date a person of the opposite sex so let alone the same sex... Im bisexual and only one of my friebds knows about it. I have a hard time hiding it but noone expects it around here.
My parents know and so does the whole town. I live in a small town, so it's not too hard for people to find out things. I'm in the sort of town that you can't even cough in secret with out your next door neighbour asking if you're feeling okay
Nope.
besides my friends, no one knows I'm gay
but I think my sister may suspect I'm at the very least Bi-sexual
gonna come out to her soon though
My family has no idea that i'm bi. Only some of my friends.
my dad has no clue about me being bi, i never feel its the right time to say it. I have told my sister who is also bi and has told my dad but i haven't got the courage to do it. Some of my friends know also
I told my mom about certain feelings I was starting to have about the same sex and I honestly don't know if she fully knows I'm bi I think she knows I'm bi curious idk what or how Emma tell her
Well when I came out to my parents (With the shittiest poem possible) It was bisexual. But I reevaluated my sexual preference and I'm just pansexual. But yes my parents know .-.
no...i don't really talk with them
my parents (mom, dad, stepdad and stepmom) my family and friends know I'm bi, I'm pretty sure even some of my old teachers knew I am.
mine dont and im a little scared to tell them. what do i do? anyone know?
My step mom knows. 
I don't think my dad would care but I don't bring it up. 
My mom is super religious so that's a no go.
my parents dont know im bi and every time i try to tell them i get really scared and chicken out because i dont know what they would do they said if they found out if any of their kids are gay or anything like that they would kick them out and never speak to them again
Only my mom knows that Im bi and she doesn't approve. I don't really care tho.
I told them im BI. my dad doesn't care, my mom says i don't know what it means to be bi... they don't care..
Only my two aunts know and my uncle. They say they don't care but i think it bothers them. Last time i dated a girl my aunt said i was to have no physical contact with her. No hugging, kissing, holding hands, nothing. But if I'm with a boy it doesn't matter. I can't tell my grandparents; they would kick me out. My mother would disown me; so i can't tell her either :/


I told my family but only my cousin side of the family and my dad believe me. The rest thinks it's a phase
I tried to tell my mum that I'm bi and she thought I was joking...
Yup. They've known for close to nine years now.
my idea of online dating is that its both good and bad. like you could be very very happy with the (insert gender here) of your dreams. But it can also be misleading. whats yours?
i agree..there's both good things and bad things to long distance and online relationships...they can be bad in the sense of driving you crazy because you won't see that person much, but it can be good because you can find someone who truly cares about you C:
Online Dating = Terrible Idea and a Huge waste of time. (: I learned that the hard way....
I believe I've said this elsewhere but dating someone online is complete rubbish. If you're being with someone who you actually knew in real life then it can be cute you want to keep things going over the web but meeting someone solely over the web is pointless and a little sad. Mostly because you 'think' you know someone, when online it's far too easy to be something you aren't, and most people do this to some extent. That and there is absolutely no form of contact or even allow any of the support a partner should offer because they are not there.
This subject was already covered. I still say it's bad.

You could end up abducted and harvested for organs,
you can end up being burned with battery acid when your online affair tracks you down, 
you could end up with a pimp who abuses you and conditions you into a prostitute,
you could end up going nuts and telling your online lover to rescue you by helping you murder your own family while they sleep,
You could end up being shiped all the way to Yemen and force into marrige with a 72 year old man,
You could end up hanging by your neck in a closet because your class mate made a fake myspace profile of a boy who took and interest in you and then pretended to break up with you.
You could end up being held down by the angry wife of your online lover while she sticks a hot curling iron between your legs to make you unfit to fuck her husband when you didn't even know he was married...

The most distrubing True cases of online dateing gone wrong There's just so many reasons that go beyond pedos. And that doesn't even cover it.
Online dating is just bad. You never know what you're dealing with, cause a person can be anything they want behind a screen.
If they lived a could of miles away from you, I don't see why not. Friendship is okay I guess, but dating is too hard. I't seems such a lovely and wonderful idea, but just no.
well, my dad met my stepmom on the internet... She lived on the other side of the world. So.... i guess online dating is not really that bad, but never trust a person whom you havent seen on webcam, cuz people tend to steal photos(learned the hard way)....
um both gd n bad
My dad met my ex-step mother on the internet. She ended up taking all his money and leaving after a while, not to mention she treated me like shit. But I have a few awesome really close friends I've met online and that's cool, just make sure you know what you're doing before you get too involved. Like someone said, make sure you at least talk to them on webcam so you know they aren't a pedo or something like that (I had a run in with that once I think) and NEVER tell anyone where you live. If you want to meet up with someone, do it in a public place, no matter how well you think you know them. And EvilActivity said it right, there are a lot of crazy people out there. I was stupid when I was a kid (this was like 5 years ago) and I dated online and had that run in with a pedo (never met him, but my dad claimed he was and I never spoke to him again) and then did it again later. Yes, stupid me. Then I found out it was stupid and pointless to date people online, especially if you're that young, so I stopped.I'm gonna say it again. If you do decide to date someone online, make sure you know what you're doing. Some people don't get the importance of not telling someone online where you live just because they live so many hundred miles away. Crazy people will find a way to you.Not really my view on online dating, but those are my thoughts on the whole situation at hand.I'm ranting a lot lately
Online dating such as meeting someone from a dating website and having a real relationship from there, then fine.

But being in a relationship with someone you only know online and have never nor will ever meet, then that's very bad.
well its awesome ,if ur smart enough ,and know the signs , ive meet me soul mate online , were not together any more ,but it was one of the best experiences of my life
I don't find it bad since well if you truly have feelings for someone you could trust them.
It may be hard because you can't have them near. That's why I think older online relationships can work out because well you can actually get on a plane and go see them. Younger relationships you have to deal with a lot of parent bullshit.
It's both...just make sure u really know the person before dating them
both!!!!!!!!!!! idc its both bad and good.
Its good and bad. it leaves you with a lot of expectations and big shoes to fill from far away. if the relationship is genuine and you actually plan to meet someday then thumbs up c: If the relationship is just filled with lies and you never plan to meet, then whats the point? Because your lonely? Get a puppy or something man. The most important thing EVER is make sure that person is real, you dont want it to turn out to be a pedo .
If you don't already have a possible way to go see that person when the time comes of if one of the persons has no intention or plan of already moving near the other then it really just something to fill a gap in your life and unlikely ever become a proper relationship.
its good but bad at the same time i mean if you skype all the time and call each other and if the person holds back to skype you then you know they are fake.
leave online dating as a LAST resort.
we live long enough (hopefully) to get out there and find someone with mutual interests....
Uuuummm dope or nope?
Online dating screams sexual predator to me I don't think it's a good idea. But if you must the webcam is a good idea
I had a very bad experience with dating online. I got my heart broken really bad and it could have been much worse. I wasn't smart enough to learn the first time and I tried it again. That one ended the same way, except not as bad because it didn't go as far.
I've done it before and I don't find anything wrong with it. If I find someone I truely connect with I give it a go. I never seem to find anyone that I relate to where I live cause I kinda keep to myself most of the time. Whenever I meet someone interesting online though: I make sure I chat with them for awhile cause you never know what you may find online. And there's a lot of creepy people out there. So you have to be cautious a little of course.
Bad because there's a high chance that they're not who they claim they are, as well as the fact that people's personalities are different online than in person.
Dating online is weird. Youre missing out on physical contact, which is essential if you want a healthy, stable relationship. 
Its not hard to get out there and start a relationship in person, all you need is a little confidence and a wingman.
It's too complicated
I mean I've seen so many successful relationships through the internet but then I have seen some that have failed miserably and some being victims of a catfish. (Anyone seen the TV show on MTV?)
It's a good thing, believe me but it does have it's danger. You have to Skype! It's a must to know that they're real for a first, if they're real then I don't see anything wrong with it. Love is love. Meh.
Not for everyone, but I've had nothing but positive experiences with it. 
Literally all of the friends I talk to regularly I met on League of Legends, and I have now lived with someone I originally met on Tagged- and became close with on league- for over 8 months. 
People irl are way creepier than people on the internet, in my experience. It's easier to become close to people online because you're less afraid of judgement (if they judge you, all you have to do is delete or block them) and they can't ruin your life by telling all of your co-workers/family/friends your secrets, because they don't know who your closse irl contacts are. They're only as close as you let them, but people irl can easily take advantage of you.
The only difference I can point out between my experiences and normal online dating experiences is that I actually do things with my dates/friends/acquaintances, instead of just talking. By playing a videogame we are working together toward a common goal, using teamwork and depending on each other to win- not just depending on lifeless pixel-y words or awkward (not always awkward, if you're lucky :3) video calls to get to bond with someone. It's important to keep things fresh, exciting, and have 'dates' or activities you share together just like irl relationships. 
Cute ideas to stay connected and not be boring are movie dates via Netflix and Skype calls, letters and little surprise gifts by mail (what's more intimate when you're far away than a handwritten letter that your lover has actually touched with their actual hands?), and any app similar to Avocado. Of course, meeting up at a safe place in person is always ideal. 
Just take any normal precautions you would with anyone else
Plus, overcoming the obsession with physical contact I keep seeing is a plus. Deep emotional connection that transcends physical boundaries, obsessive lust, and oversexualization? I think yes.
I'm only a fan of online dating if the person is either nearby or if there's a big chance of the two people meeting in person (after being shown proof that they're who they say they are, obviously). One of my longest relationships was a long distance relationship. We met on Myspace, were together over three years, and would see eachother in Illinois (where he lives) or Georgia (where I lived at the time) once every 4 or 5 months or so.
Does anyone else think true love is a real thing? Or at least if there's some truth to it? 
Personally I think it may be, but I'm curious if others do. I guess it just depends on what you've experienced as a person...
what is love?
what is love?


bby dont hurt me
no more
i cri
Sure, but I would say many of the scenarios it is used would be false.
Who knows?
Well to me, I don't think "true love" is really because if your in a relationship your goin to end up fighting and breaking up, so what's the point of it even existing?
True Love is to recognize each others souls, to know when to fight to get someone to see their strength, and when to compromise and support. Love is when you go an hour not texting someone and think 'omg, are they mad? Is he/she ok?' and just be completely happy/blissful to sit around with that special somepony doing nothing but existing together. True Love is real, but most people don't have the motive to seek it out.
Yup. Its real. But its perceived to everyone differently.
ok so im bi and when i tell some people they will get all mad about it y is that
Bi's are going to hell - Bob Constructor, 2014
Being Bi is a sin, you sinner.
Dont want none of yo bilingual shite ova 'ere
I think Bite is referring to the reason bi people get hate from certain straight AND gay groups alike, not why they get bombarded by bible thumping conservatives. Hate from judgemental conservatives is a given. 
Unnecessary insults aside, the reason bi people can be unaccepted by certain gay people is because it can be scary putting trust into someone who could 'switch' (since it isn't actually switching) their sexual preference or feel unsatisfied at any given time. Sure, that can happen to any person, in any relationship, with any variety of genders (there are more than two, by the way), but to lose the person you love to someone and feel like it is because of something so superficial as your genitals being insufficient is a real blow below the belt.
Yeah, they are stupid insecurities that aren't the bi person's fault, but there are a lot of stereotypes bi people have to face, just like the rest of us.
There are those out there that hate towards bi's for being 'greedy' or think they're just lonely people that fall hard and fast for anyone that pays them the right attention. I've been openly bi since I was 12, and it's all just a bunch of hate from people that'll never understand because it's become the social norm to spread hate and such instead of peace and loving acceptance. People piggy back on what they hear is 'normal' because they're terrified to think, which is what's crippling society as a whole. It basically boils down to them not caring to understand but they think it's normal to be dick...
Pretty sure I got off topic hehe
Yup I cross dress...since I was 13...idk why I do...just because I think I like the boys clothing o.o
Cross dressing is cross dressing and as Cia says it isn't confined to specific fashions.
Nothing wrong with cross dressing, it's fun.
Do what you want and have fun doing it. 
All I can tell you.
have fun with it:3
I have always wanted to cross dress as a guy
but I could never bring up the courage to because my friends wouldn't like it.  my life sucks.
Do what makes you happy, you dont have to stick to gender roles
i have to try this... x)
im a bisexual drag queen when im a boy im Daniel and im emo when im a girl im jda im emo and fishy
^This is a good example for the fake pics forum.
LAWLLLLL.
I'm a girl but I love dressing like an edgy guy. I'm not girly,I feel like I'd rather be seen as cool rather than cute.
Idk man. I'm a guy and I take pride in my makeup.
Whos in a relationship? Shitty or amazing?
Well honestly I feel relationships can be good or bad based on the person you're with  and heck, being single is super fun too. But as far as my personal life, I have a boyfriend who's just right for me
ahhh im in a relationship but still unsure about it...urgh its prob not for me .
I am and ... it is both.. painful and amazing.. and I love it 
im not now xD it felt wrong....
I'm in a relationship with a wonderful guy. But sometimes I wish I was dating a girl. ._.
Engaged! 
Havent been in a relationship in over two years...sometimes i wish i had someone but other times i dont
SINGLE and never ever ready to mingle -shyness up 100% 24/7-
SINGLE and never ever ready to mingle -shyness up 100% 24/7-

So damn cute ,but so worrysome, at least it works as a perfect quote, nd a confusing world
					
					

Been hurt so bad, so no, I'm not.
Meh. Not in a relationship. Doesn't bother me too much. Sometimes I wish I could have someone so I can be all cutesy and cuddly.  but other times I don't give fuck. I just live day by day and if fate puts someone in my life then great. If not then, I'll just focus on making myself better on my own.
Im on and off engaged? My fiance is entirely too sensitive, and Im an asshole. Were pretty happy most days.
m not in a relationship...i'm done with those
In a legit one.
I'm in a relationship, it's amazing and challenging at the same time!
Not in one, but i wish i was ..
Looking for one
I'm a dragon, so no.
I'm in a relationship at the moment. It's going pretty good at the moment, but there's times where we don't agree on stuff.
Yay for creative writing, with a sexual twist of course.
"How come text book vaginas don't look like barbie"
Because Barbie doesn't have a vagina.
-And as far as I'm aware, G.I.Joe doesn't have a penis.
It's not a gender issue.
love 
Fuck Love
The feeling of happiness and safety
the feeling i get when the person i love says my name and no matter what i get an instant smile
Inb4 baby dont hurt me.
This is love.


l.o.v.e is cruel but yet we still chase after it
for me, true love don't have a definition... love is inexplicable, that feeling, unique, is stronger than all the definitions that we can give to it, we try to explain it but these explanations are based on what some people rely 
Love is when you want to make that person happy and youll do whatever you can to keep them that way.
Love is when you want to make that person happy and youll do whatever you can to keep them that way. 


I agree.
Probably finding someone who is honest and compassionate, someone you can share who you are with and they will only love you more. I wouldn't really know there isn't anyone for me as of right now. I walk these lonely streets on the bolavard of broken dreams....
Love for me i guess would be finding someone who made me and i can make them utterly happy. It would be finding someone who thinks I'm perfect and amazing the way i am, and that seems perfect and amazing to me. Someone who likes almost as many things i do, but still doesn't mind the stupid little arguments we have over the little things we don't have in common. Someone who i wouldn't mind doing anything for and they wouldn't mind doing anything for me. Having someone who just after a couple of minutes of having them fall asleep would make me say "I miss ______." And they the same. Now i don't know maybe I've been hurt too much, or used too much, or abandoned too much, but now i have my guards way up. It would take someone a lot to convince me of the fact that they "love" me. Now a days if someone says they "love me" i think there's an ulterior motive behind it because of what happened in the past. I guess love for me is a happiness i have yet to know.
					
					

to me, love is my lovable cute little adorable jemma
love is friendship
food and tea
blehh love
...baby don't hurt me...don't hurt me.....no more...*beat plays*
to me it's more like a feeling of belonging to someone. You feel like you're attached and you never want to let go no matter how hard it gets. You'd do anything for them, and your heart beats fast when they're close.
soo. two emo guys making out is suppose to be "gay".. well maybe it is. but its a sexy gay. i mean, if guys can think its hot for chicks to make out y cant girls think its hot for emo guys to make out. i think in a way that is kind of sexist.

i have guy friends that think that two latino chicks making out is the sexiest thing. i didnt agree. but i didnt give him hell about it because it was his interests not mine. but when i told him that i thought that two emo dudes making out was hot, he pretended like he was going to throw up. but its my interests and he should have gave me hell bout it.

- i wonder, is it fair??
It's very fair.
i dont think it is... i dont judge people for wat they like.. as long as they dont judge me for what i like. that's fair.
Yes girls making out with girls is almost the same
thing as duded and dudes. FAIR.
It makes sense though, sort of. 
Men are "less often" bisexual than girls are, it's in genetics. 
So a man being turned off by two men making out is more normal than a girl being disgusted by two girls making out.

Ofcourse it's not fair, but, that's how society is, and I honestly think people shouldn't be offended. 
But it's sort of like people with foot fetishes, right? 
I cringe at that since I find feet . . . "not hot", haha. 

Gotta say I don't mind guys making out just like I don't mind girls making out.
hahaha so true but I agree, and it does make sense though
i agree too. i think its kinda hot.
It is totally hot!
emo guys making out is so sexy
its hot as hell..!!
emo boys kissing is def hott!
Emo boys making out is the best :3
I agree it's hot!!!!
yeah....I mean two girls making out isn't gross to me and I think that two emo guys making out is hot....

and I understand how two guys making out can seem gross to guys..but still.....it's just a matter of opinion..and no one can change someone's opinion..
Its totally hot. Maybe guys are just to insecure to say it is? (Probably not but thats what Im going with )
guys have a thought they must be manly and shit that is why they talk shit of gay people and have a distaste for guys making out and all
everything is cused by the mind so small yet has the potential to make someone kill
					
					

MEGA SEXY NYA! 
So sexy.... LoL
amazingly sexeh 
yup, its sexy
well duur! :3
It's way sexy 
That is extremely hot, no doubt about it
my perspective: ANYone making out creeepss me out and disgusts me but guys making out most especially makes me want to puke

(to be clear i have no hard feelings nor do i judge the people kissing, just the fact that they are disturbs me)
two emo guys kissing, hot, others well...not so much...lol
Buttsexz is moar sexy.
Lol that's funny I'm bi and I love kissing boys in front of girls
In my opinion it's really really sexy 
i thought i was the one one who though that!!!! yay im not alone ^.^
its really hot
= n= I did it multiple times but I'm not bi... Now everyone thinks I'm gay...
Personally I don't think it is but I can't stand to see anyone make out... It's like you're putting your sex life out there for the world to see when you make out infront of people that goes for everyone... I get disgusted at myself for making out with Tommy infront of people but that's me I don't like doing anything sexual infront of people... But if you like it then that's you and you shouldn't worry about others. You like what you like and they like what they like if they give you hell over it then don't pay attention to it because I'm sure that you don't like something they do...
I weep for future generations.
i totally agree
I think it's sexy as hell when two emo guys are making out
So hot
I totes agree, love it when emo dudes make out 
so true its so hot, all though sometimes i wish it was me making out with the em0 guys....lol
very hot
ITS SEXEH AS FUQ
I guess xD
I guess xDU guess??? There's nothing to guess about its sexy as fuck there's nothing else to it lol
U guess??? There's nothing to guess about its sexy as fuck there's nothing else to it lolAha alright then xD Yesh it is very sexy:3 lawlz
Aha alright then xD Yesh it is very sexy:3 lawlzHaha thanks for agreeing
Haha thanks for agreeingYour very welcome xP
now i just want the last comment lol
Its nothing all that special...
					
					

It's really nothing. That's like me saying

MY FEET ORGASM BECAUSE ONE OF MY SHOES ARE NEON GREEN. 

So ?
MY FEET ORGASM BECAUSE ONE OF MY SHOES ARE NEON GREEN.that would make my feet orgasm too
*facepalm*

Nevermind.
FUCK. YES!!! I love that!
Its absolutely gorgeous and attractive its such a turn on too bad that their gay and taken :C
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...depends if they're hot or not
Emo guys making out is hot and it is no different than 2 girls making out. The 2 girls are totally not my preference but it is not something anyone should be offended by. I wish I had an emo guy lol the fact that people get offended by stuff like this is because they don't have the balls big enough to bravely accept others and/or their preferences. Oakie signing off for now
I think its fun to do and watch. But mostly do.
Sexy. Jus as two girls kissing is sexy. Or a guy and a girl is sexy.
It's all personal preference.
hehehehh uummm emo guys making out is deff sexy as hell, and I get to see that alot cuz I got two guy friends who are bi and they're datin sooo  ...but yeah it really is unfair in my eyes that people gotta be all like "ewww" they need to stfu cuz they should just not even worry about it if they don't like it then they should look the other way and not say anything lol
super sexy
I say hallelujah !!!!!
totes tres adrables
I think it's cute when 2 emo guys make out 
^ you just read my mind...
EEEEEK CUTENESSS!
Emo guys making out is too SEXY to be true!!!
this . Is . Very . SEXY ! (you can judge me all you friggin want i don't give a fuck )
Well both is very sexy ;D..2 chicks..(SEXY) 2 boys (SEXY)
Whatever floats your boat I suppose lol
It's so emotional that it sometimes makes me feel like I want to cry. It's beautiful and special.
cool
I fangirl at the sexiness
I think that emo guys making out is as hot and sexy as hot and sexy gets! I find it actually hotter than two girls making out...
I feel like any two (or more if that's how you role) people making out could be hot, weather it's a guy and a girl, a girl and a girl, or a guy and a guy. 
I personally think that two emo guys making out is the hottest though... ;-)
I dont get why you guys think its hot. Its just two dudes kissing. O.o
There's a very special sweetness about it. Not just any "two dudes", it has to be Emo guys to have that sweetness. It's beyond beautiful. If I were one of those guys in the picture in that post above, I'd be there doing that a very long time. What a dream...
I don't find anything wrong with two men kissing, I actually find it beautiful in my opinion. 
Everyone should fall in love with who they want to fall in love with and if it happens to be another guy than go for it.
I have to say, I love it either way 
So they have to be "emo"? Thats a little shallow.
I still dont get it, but okay.
you have a point
it's fun hahaahh :3 *blush* I ship my friends all the time too
I'm actually very curious and wondering if it's ok to be straight and emo, with the cruelty of humanity and society It has made me become emo an now I'm starting to dress up as one and I even got my snake bites,eyeliner,cloths etc. But If I keep dressing up like this will people think I'm not straight?  I just don't want to lose the friends I already have or it's back to level 1 with me :c
Emo is just a label. Nothing about it says you have to be gay or bi.
Who started the "all emos are gay/bi thing" it's stupid .
Who started the "all emos are gay/bi thing" it's stupid .
You need to find out
Very few emos are straight but mostly are gay/bi/les.but does it matter really if you like same sex gender or not???
This topic makes no sense. It is full of laughable misconceptions. Stop being so paranoid.
The stereotyping is strong with this one
You can be emo and straight don't worry
What.The.Fuck.
LOL. FUCKING LOL.
Wtf Wtf Wtf Wtf Wtf Wtf Wtf Wtf Wtf
Idk Idk Idk Idk Idk Idk Idk Idk Idk Idk
Idc Idc Idc Idc Idc Idc Idc Idc Idc Idc
Lmfao Lmfao Lmfao Lmfao Lmfao Lmfao

Adversity agaisnt cruelty of humanity and society is GRUNGE! Hate and self loathing with a pointless code of dress is EMO. Ugh... Fucking hell... Bloody idiot wanker.... The whole lot of you....
/|\ Quit trying to spoil the party /|\
Spoil? So, you mean to say that you want to encourage idiots like idc123? Okay he can go be on team emo.  Your pretty big in numbers cause of posers with no common sense anyway. If he can't know what an emo identity is, I wouldn't be surprised if he didn't even know his own sexual orientation either.
Spoil? So, you mean to say that you want to encourage idiots like idc123? Okay he can go be on team emo. Your pretty big in numbers cause of posers with no common sense anyway. If he can't know what an emo identity is, I wouldn't be surprised if he didn't even know his own sexual orientation either.


I didn't say that. And I agree, with this last post of yours. But in your previous post you attacked Emo in general; at least a facet of it. Not one of its good facets I agree, but nevertheless. Use a scalpel, not an axe.
LOL
lolz, cant take this serioulsy xD
Top kek, everyone knows straight emos don't exist.
Straight emos, thats an oxymoron.
Faggots.
I'm emo and straight and taken!....
sexuality is not related to emo.
Be yourself. If they were really your friends they would except you for who you are not by how you dress. So if they leave you without saying anything then I guess they weren't your friends. :b
Liking a certain genre of music doesn't have to be tied to your sexuality.
I love you Lance. So much 
Hrm... That is interesting..... When i was in a love triangle i didn't know it was because a member of the other party was bi. I thougth it was because she was desperate and stalkerish and didn't know when to let it go. Something I mistook as a personality flaw due to her insecurities. i did not think her sexual prefernces were responsible for placing me in such a position. I lived my life thinking that love triangles could apply to anyone. This is useful, This is very good to know and will revolutionize the way we handle our relationships.
2 edgy 4 me
Well I think, idek.
So I have a boyfriend and well he moved to another state. So I went to a party last week and I was drinking a lot and I kissed a girl. I liked it. Do I break up with my boyfriend to start dating a girl I don't know what to do. :confused:
start growing weed
did it taste of her cherry chapstick?
mmmmm cherry
Hope your boyfriend dont mind it
Did it feel so wrong?
Did it feel so right?
Don't mean you're in love tonight.
aight
I liked it
common, what boyfriend would mind
No one joined in with us,Jem= sad
hue, u mad?
I'm bi and I'm a girl if would really like to talk to someone I feel so fucked up inside
am here 4 u bby
no prescription generic viagraviagra online viagra information side effects last post
- viagra online


word
Asexuality is definitely a valid sexuality. However, its not that simple. As I have come to understand it, asexually is also kinda like an umbrella term for more complicated sexual attractions, whether it be sexual attraction only after forming deep emotional bonds with someone (demi-sexuality), or only experiencing sexual attraction very rarely, maybe even only once in one's life (grey-asexuality).
If you want to get really into it, you can even designate the differences between romantic attractions also. Someone might be asexual but still desire romantic relationships with someone of the same gender, deeming them asexual homoromantic. There are also asexual people who don't desire any form of sexual or romantic relationship so they would theoretically be asexual aromantic.
On my profile, I have my sexuality listed as asexual, being that I fall more under the radar of demi-sexuality.
Over all, sexuality is fluid and not as simple as "straight, gay, bi, pan".
Those are good points becca, but why am i humping the table leg?
Why would I be skeptical? Plants have been asexually reproductive forever. As a lover of nature, I shall actively support their lifestyle and implore others that this is just the way to be if we are to get by with being oxygen breathing organisms. The nerve of people judging and questioning their sexual process... it's different but it's not evil. You leave them alone!

Pedophilea could likely become an actually sexuality, there are some who already view it as such. But asexuality and Pedophilea are two completely different things and it's ridiculous I compare the two. Asexuality is as real as homosexuality, heterosexuality, bisexuality, ect.
and pedophilia is not real?
it's real but people are talking about classifying it as a sexual orientation, which it shouldn't be
Well otherwise put as penis.
I hear people love the stuff
0.0
What the hell was this topic about?
I agree, Mett.
I agree ten-hundred percent.
Yeh.
What the hell was this topic about?


is* what the hell is this topic about... it keeps growing
I was called this again today...


8============D
Thats a black dick. ^
What the hell was this topic about? Oops, grammar error. is* lol
._.
What a valuable thread.
OH NO THE PP
Cooties
I've learned so much here... So grateful!
Well den .-.
This was... very uplifting.
So like my cousin came to live with us which was totally a bummer cause he's like a total douchecanoe, if you know what I mean, and then like we started getting closer and then I kissed him the other day and idek why like he's a dude!!!! and he's my cousin what is wrong with me
-pukes-
I love this omg xD
elope
Idk how to explain. I'm scared that if I tell my mum I'm bi that she will kick me out of the house. I want to tell her but I know she will flip out or something.  I'm really. AFRAID and how do I tell my friends?  I need help.
Well im in the same situation... i havent told any of my guy friends but my sister/best friend knows cause i told her and two other gals know.. mostly know if you cant trust someone first before telling them... also i wouldnt tell your mom, well not if shes like mine
Well im in the same situation... i havent told any of my guy friends but my sister/best friend knows cause i told her and two other gals know.. mostly know if you cant trust someone first before telling them... also i wouldnt tell your mom, well not if shes like mine

My mum is so... Omfg I cant tell her anything thats why im out of the house all the time and get messed up.
the reason behind telling ur bi may be u wanna get laid with whom ur telling.So be sure that another person is also interested in u. Otherwise that will go messy.
I don think just telling someone that ur Bi without any reason does make any sense. Well IT DOES'NT.
r u gonna advertise urself?wtf


I haven't told my parents. My step mom is the only person that knows and she's super cool with it. If I told my dad he would think it's just some teenage phase and my mom would flip out and beat the shit out of me(her own words) so I don't tell them. All my friends know and hell even people that know me knows that I'm bisexual. I'm proud of who I am, so of course I'll openly admit to people. Homosexuality is more common in today's society so it's a lot easier to tell friends at school. And if you lose some over your sexuality, well they weren't worth the title of your friendship. I say wait to tell your mom when you move out and you are 18. So all she can do is flip. Then leave you be.
I haven't told my parents. My step mom is the only person that knows and she's super cool with it. If I told my dad he would think it's just some teenage phase and my mom would flip out and beat the shit out of me(her own words) so I don't tell them. All my friends know and hell even people that know me knows that I'm bisexual. I'm proud of who I am, so of course I'll openly admit to people. Homosexuality is more common in today's society so it's a lot easier to tell friends at school. And if you lose some over your sexuality, well they weren't worth the title of your friendship. I say wait to tell your mom when you move out and you are 18. So all she can do is flip. Then leave you be.


yeah we can proud of our self for any reason.
whether ur balck u r proud to be black
white proud to be white
short proud to be short
ugly proud to be ugly
depressed proud to be depressed
whtever
it doesnt matter what u do or wht u did
*saracasm*


You want my honest thought? Tell her. And be damn proud of it. If she reacts badly then obviously it's her doing the wrong thing, not you. What's the point of being with someone who won't respect you as a person?
You're scared and afraid and I totally understand. I just don't understand why being bi or gay or les could be such a big of a deal. Don't get me wrong, I'm a christian but where I grow up we only go by the saying 'Love everyone, especially your enemies." I know I'm late replying and I hope she responded well. If you haven't yet then best of luck~ I'm rooting for a happy ending.
I havent. Though I have messed with couples making out in public. Throwing little paper balls in their massive black holes of mouths is always the right thing to do c:
Why does it matter, its not physically harming you. If you dont like it dont look at it.
hahahahahahahXD...aaahhhh yes...people making out in puplicX3they're so fun to mess around withXD...unless the guy looks like he's on steroids...oh well hahah i was only caught once but me head must be made of adamantium because it didn't hurt that badlyX3
Uhhh I just think its inconsiderate. I mean shouldnt those things be did in private? Okay hand holding and peck in cheek/lips is ok. But what really gets to me is when im at the mall and couples are all getting their hands all over eachother, down their pants, and the girls making moaning noises. GET A FUCKING GRIP!!! Theres little kids at the mall possibly passing by them and the people are getting all sexual in public. I mean they need to get a room!!!  _
It's disgusting when you're eating precious meatballs and you hear slobbing noises...o.o I'm like do u mind?? I was in peace till I heard your nasty asses kissing
I have but I just feel awkward when I do it. I dont do it like right in front of people unless he just jumps on me v.v
iv told him I dont like public things...
well seems as i hate touching in general, i find the whole thing disgusting .
I find nothing wrong with it... You can say im "guilty" on MANY occasions with many different girls, but this is "normal" so to say... In ireland we "meet" each other which is meeting a girl, french kissing and maybe something more... But in all honesty I have nothing against it I see it as loving someone and not bring afraid to show everyone and have you not taken into consideration they were walking to work and kissed goodbye passionatly or maybe they ate dating but live in two differeny houses and cant see eachother for a while cause any time these things happen to me I have to show I love her and I will be waiting to see her again. And pkease you may have PDA but dont look at others showing affection in disgust cause your scared of it.
Sorry posted twice...
					
					

I used to smack my ex's ass in public all of the time.
But I didnt consider it PDA, its just a dominance thing.
For the most part I don't mind it, but damn, it can get annoying really, really FAST
It's all fine with me and I have done it and would do it again. I think it's actually sweet, although there are limits to how far it should go I suppose. I'm a very liberal person.
If you're kissing him/her in public to show someone that you two are a couple that is okay but that's as far as if goes I don't care who you are you should not make out have sex or "have your hands down your pant's in public" it is gross and no one wants to see it
Making out in public. Having sex in public. Touching butts in public. Also guys that just walk around with their hands down their pants. Just no. No one needs to see that. 
I think holding hands is ok, and like the occasional peck on the lips/cheek.  
Like seriously, I was on a break at work having some lunch and these people came and stood right next to me and started full on making out. How inconsiderate, I was about to eat and they were licking each others tongues and he was rubbing his chocolatey crepey hands in her german hair. *shudder*
So. Have you ever made out in public? Would you? If you would or have, then why? like, just why?!?!sex in public is disgusting, kissing and making out and that I think its when people start off in a relationship and they're all loved up with that new fuzzy feeling and stuff I don't have a problem with that myself like."guys that just walk around with their hands down their pants"
haha your not from the UK by any chance? if so then I feel your pain with the trackie lads holding onto their balls walking through town lol.LOL! Its so disturbing when it comes to that.
					
					

I am guilty. But, ever since I started rolling Han solo I just walk around and sigh every time I see a couple sharing their PDAs with the world. That or shake my head. Fascinating how three years and a shit ton of bills can turn a guy into a conservative old fart.
Sadly, I don't even have anyone to hold hands with xD Anyhow, I go to highschool and I'm pretty sure most of you do too. If that counts as a public place (mehhh) then I see a couple making out everywhere- near the fountain, up against the lockers, sprawled onto the floor and during assemblys I sometimes see the occasional fingering. Hooray for highschool, eh?
you are not forever alone i am Bisexual too:)
I'm not Bisexual but I have lots of friend that are and i respect them being theirself  its good that your not scared to be you
you are not forever alone i am Bisexual too:)WE should be buddies!
Glad you decided to tell the world  ... Or internet, watever. im not bi but my friends are. Congrats. And i am bi-curious...
No need to thank me hon. haha. Its who I am I'm not afraid and I sure as hell know I love myself
Right i'm going to sound mean.
NO ONE GIVES A FUCK IF YOU ARE I HAVE AN ASEXUAL FRIEND GAY FRIENDS AND UNCLE AND BISEXUAL FRIENDS.
Ps. No one cares
Well apparently you care if you have gay "friends"
I don't care i'm using it as a point
Further more i doubt your ingenuity
Okay. Thats your opinion.
Not caring isn't an opinion. Are you broken..
I can't be broken if I'm alive right?
Well actually you can. And i meant your mental health anyway.
Oh idc about that 
Right i'm going to sound mean.NO ONE GIVES A FUCK IF YOU ARE I HAVE AN ASEXUAL FRIEND GAY FRIENDS AND UNCLE AND BISEXUAL FRIENDS.Ps. No one cares  Hunny i think what he was trying to say is... No one cares if you are bisexual, transexual, bi-curious, lesbian, or gay.Because everyone on this website either has friends or family gay or bi, or they could be striaght and support yourdecision.Ps. Have you even came out to your friends and family yet? or are you coming out over the internet and then tell friends and family?
Everyone knows my family isn't happy with it but its not their life. My friends love me for it haha. Makes hanging out fun
Right i'm going to sound mean.NO ONE GIVES A FUCK IF YOU ARE I HAVE AN ASEXUAL FRIEND GAY FRIENDS AND UNCLE AND BISEXUAL FRIENDS.Ps. No one cares Arrrroonnnn..SHUSHIE MISTER.....don't be rude!!!plus your opinion matter but don't over flaunt it!and I'm sorry for arrooon's behavior..he's like that alot...you get used to him  but anywaysI'm not bi...Ive thought about being bi maybe though...morely just curious..my bestie back in Maryland was bi and I LOVED her to death c: I don't care who you are as long as you are nice to me and respect me I'll be nice to you c:
It's the fact that no one cares anymore and it's rather funny how people seem to be "emo" and bisexual". But still No one cares there. The last time i heard anyone take bullied for being Bi was like 4 years ago, I've never heard anyone getting bullied for being gay.
Then you know some silent liars. Because it happens to alot of people out there either you just don't hear it or your too blind to realize that bible thumpers hate gay people.
Not in my country, Sorry that yours to too backwards, and using the word hate? bit much.
The non religious people don't give a fuck, religious people will do but not all. Like it matters. It only harms you if you let it get to you. And why come out with it if you are aware you'll be bullied for it? idiot
Okay.....at this point ihdc anymore.... :/
But you are just an attention seeker. And and using this as a way of getting attention. 
You said friends love you for it and it makes hanging out fun?
Way to sell yourself out.
Okay
im bi too but i havnt told my friends and family yet
I'm bisexual xD
Gay and proud
you should be proud of what u r
Holly hell I didn't even read who posted this I wanted to read it n I posted it....shows you how much I pay attention.
im bi too but i havnt told my friends and family yet


XD I know you can do it.
I was wondering who out there is single and looking for someone and if your taken and just want a friend comet
hey if you ever need a friend I can be a pretty good friend just message me whenever:)
O-O still creepy.
m single and looking for someone...but that someone isn't you
m single and looking for someone...but that someone isn't you
Is that someone me?  I doubt it. .
hahah...uuummmm...i doubt it as well
Aww :c
Taken I'm up for a friendLost some friend b/c I'm no longer singel jackasses -_-"Memo
he he im single  , i'll be your friend whoop !!!
I'm single, looking, and need more friends.
Sadly I'm single... But I do need friends.
single XD sadly haha
Aww :c
cheer up
i gave a reputation point so that should make you feel betterXD
cheer up
i gave a reputation point so that should make you feel betterXD
Oh then I'm fine :3
I'm single and looking also need some friends. I am new to here.
I'm single, and could always use more friends :3
being gay or transgender is totally natural, its just a part of who you are, like you tastes or whatever, it doesn't separate you or make you different and more and more people are coming to terms with others homosexuality, yet why do so many people still use these words as insults, everyone does it, not even just homophobes, literally everyone says "that tops gay" or "oh my god, i've got tranny hair today" when i dont understand how a top managed to develop sexual orientation in the first place! i know most people dont mean offence but its still got to stop because people who are thinking of coming out or have recently done so feel nervous and scared because there is so much unneccisary negitivity around the subject. if you agree or think like anything or the matter please respond, i'd like to hear what other people think  xx
although i have no problem with it it isn't natural it's like a mutation something wrong with the brain so yeaah
I think that no matter how much people want others to stop using the word "gay", it's not going to go away. Those who use it in a way that offends others... well that's just them. One thing is that you should always try to be the better person. Treat others with fairness and respect. And it is natural for some people and I believe that they have a right to live life how they please without harsh judgment. The definition of human is severely changing, we're becoming beasts. I mean there are worse things in this world than gay people. Gay is just fine. Though I do believe that others shouldn't have to dress up the word. Just don't use it in a offense way. I have lots of gay friends, they have to be so strong- to stand against the world and believe what they believe. It's my belief that we just need to drop it and stop being fucking rude. People live the way they want to live and we can't force that change on anyone and that's that.
I hate it when ppl use those terms as insults... It hurts to think that ppl can be so hurtful to what or who they dont understand. If you arent like the crowd, you must be feared
I hate when people use that me and my boyfriend are both transgender and I generally lose my cool at them and then they laugh in my face but yeah I find it really offensive and it kinda makes me so mad that people are starting to watch what they say to me now.
Even though I am not gay, lesbian, transvestite ect. I still get irritated when people do use those words as an insult. Its just one of those words that automatically comes into ones mind when insulting someone I guess.
I don't think it's 'something wrong with your brain' to be gay, tranny, bi, whatever. Just because someone is being themselves doesn't mean they have something wrong with them :/ I totally agree its mean to use it as an insult to someone and bully someone for who they are...
I don't think it's 'something wrong with your brain' to be gay, tranny, bi, whatever. Just because someone is being themselves doesn't mean they have something wrong with them :/ I totally agree its mean to use it as an insult to someone and bully someone for who they are...And yet something being wrong with a brain can completely influence everything you do, say, and generally how you will act upon that malfunction.
I don't know about anywhere else, but on our TV they played a few commercials saying how calling someone "Gay, Fag, ect." is a hate crime and is wrong.
It's a horrible way to judge and insult someone. Being tormented because your gay, lesbian ect. causes a lot of suicide and it's just not fair.It tends to stuck with people more than the usual hate. I get called a lesbian everyday even though I'm somewhere in between straight and bi-curious. Having a bestfriend is really a crime these days ;w;
					
					

I agree. It's just rude
Hm
You can't control what people say. 

Sure, you can ask them, but

the majority of people won't listen.
Wait what?.... 

Saying someone is gay is insulting because they are not. O.o
Wait what?....Saying someone is gay is insulting because they are not. O.oThey mean that the terms listed are all too frequently used as derogatory terms, but it's the same with loads of words, not just those. I say grow a backbone and get over it. Bullying of any form is wrong, but 'cool' words come and go, thing's won't always be gay ;D
I agree. And I wonder if people even realize how stupid they sound when they say things like "That's so gay". It's like saying "That's so straight", or "That's so black". It's just f*ckn ignorant.
you are gay so shut the fuck up.
you are gay so shut the fuck up.Shawn this is not the time to be hypocritical.
Ha
I hate when people say tranny or make fun of me for identifying as male ugh
Sorry to disappoint but 'gay' is always going to be used. If you let it effect you that's honestly your fault. It's our generation and that is what we say. At least be grateful that we live in a generation that gay is just a simple term and we are well aware that people are gay, lesbian, Ect.
liz is right. it won't stop
I agree I'm not any of that but I know a lot of homosexual people and their really cool and fun to hang with and it pisses me off when people try to talk shit about them by saying that's so gay
I agree I'm not any of that but I know a lot of homosexual people and their really cool and fun to hang with and it pisses me off when people try to talk shit about them by saying that's so gay


When someone calls something 'Stupid', do you feel bad for stupid people? When someone calls someone else a cunt, do you feel bad for vaginas? Of course not. Because they're fucking words. They don't mean shit.
TL;DR: You're gay.
This thread is gay.
My bestfriend is bi curious but doesn't know I know she is I just saw a picture of her on a social site saying she was bi and I am too..but she doesn't know that..I've liked her for a while but I never said anything..and I don't know what to do?? Help? Should I just stay in the closet and pretend I don't know she's bi? Idk
Just talk it out. If she is curious then she obviously doesn't have anything against bisexuals. You don't have to tell her you're interested if you don't want to, but you should just talk about your opinions on sexual orientation.
Bring the subject up casually.  Like, "yeah.. so, im bi."
Its awkward,  but straight to the point.
just tell her the truth
I'm bi, you're bi let's make out baybay.
Hey! The name is Anna. Yes I am a girl and yes I am striaght. Anyways just looking for some comments and someone to talk to.
i suck
i suck
I second that. He does suck.
I second that. He does suck.
sssssshhhhhhhhh! i don't mean it in that way
sssssshhhhhhhhh! i don't mean it in that way
;D
We all suck. For five dolla.
Hahaa that conversation right there
Lol.
i suck well Then cx
I suck the most for free
still looking for that someone
I am kinda attracted to guys and girls. I've never told any one. Am I the only one?
A lot of people are, me included. Bisexual, Pansexual, there's even multiple names for it.
Oh good I like your pic
Thank you ^.^ I like experimenting with my makeup xD
That's cool
Yupps i am. I like them both, and i have dated both. Everyone at my school knows and a lot of my family knows. and some friends from other states know. Although my parents dont know.. and id rather not tell them. They are very judgemental. anbd would probably never let me hangout with another female again. so im going to keep it quiet until im 18. but the answer to your question is Yesss (:

yeah it's normal though I am not bi
I only like guys
I have been in to girls and guys all my life and not everyone likes it but owell
no it's not weird at all it just might mean that ur a bisexual  (im bisexual n have dated both so no its totally not weird at all its completely normal.) U should consider experimenting if ur not really all that sure n just test the waters
Im not into both guys and girls just guys but its not wierd at all. and people who make fun of you or say your wierd NEED to get a freaking life. so yeah its not wierd.
not at all. i don't understand why society is so transfixed on sexual identity. It makes more sense to love what you love, and not what others love.
I changed my mind.
uhh...not at all
Nope you're not the only one! ^^
I like boys & girls too and I dated actually both
So don't you worry, you're never alone ^^
don't worry your not alone im bi
I don't feel that way anymore. Thanx a lot though. Me and my boyfriend are very happy.
I thought it was weird at first..but who cares o.o girls and guys are hooooottttttttt...part of human life can't hold it in forever
You can't just automatically say,"Hey, I'm bisexual." And once you get a boyfriend you aren't. That means you never were. If you are bisexual, gay, Ect you would know at an early age. Not just randomly. I know tons of people that  claim they are bisexual but will NEVER do anything with the same gender. I find that just attention seeking.
I don't find it weird. Some others might, but that doesn't matter. What matters is that you're comfortable and happy with it.
You're not alone, I'm Bi, and everyone knows. Icluding my 'rents now. They hate me for it, but I'm not going to change for anyone, and you shouldn't either. As some famous dude once said: You should be yourself, because everyone else is taken. There's plenty of Bi's, Pan's, Gay's, Lesbians on here, you'll fit right in
Nothing wrong with it :-) i find it fascinating tbh, being straight I wouldn't have a clue how it feels to fancy other fella's lol
I thought i was weird o.o but it's not c: it's life c: Girls and guys both interest me (: my mum knows and agrees with it but my stepdad won't stop about trying to change me . so yeah ^^ and most of my friends know so yeah they don't mind it (:
Of course it's not weird nor are you the only one.
im pansexual and there nothing bad about xD
yea its normal so am i
Weird if you find to as such.
It's something normal:D.
nope it's not weird at all. Even though my middle name is Wierd, it's completely normal
i dont think its wired i wouldent mind its wahts on the inside not gender
It's never been a problem for me! Been that way as long as I can remember. I like guys more though, about 30/70. Girls are for friends, guys for kissing!
you r not alone most people are attracted to both
I wouldn't know if anyone here watches the Disney channel or not. I personally don't, but the Good luck Charlie controversy has floated around for some time now and I can't help but be mortified at how much of the parents reacted to the episode.
The story goes as this: charlie and her parents perpare for a playdate with a friend from school. It is revealed that the playdate has two mommies. ( very clean cut lovely ladies. Nothing weird, sisinter or satanic about them at all. It is also revealed that the child is adopted so it wasn't a divorce circumstance. Adoption is wonderful and generous)
My problem?: with the episode, Nothing. Absolutely nothing about this episode is posing an issue for me. I hope Disney continues to be progressive and educate the audience of what a diverse world we live in.
But: It's the fault of all those homophobics, overtly religious suburban mothers getting psychotic and judgmental to the point of sending death threats to little Mia Talrico. Yes an innocent little 5 year old Disney star who didn't produce the show or write the script or even play a gay character! So the logic of these religious bible nuts is that socializing with gays is wrong but threatening to kill a 5 year old is not? Millions of moms everywhere dropped everything to harass a child that did nothing to them.
It's like when pill poping, wine guzzleling, stay at home mothers everywhere, tossed a bitch fit when sesame street did an episode on the subject of divorce. To the point of tossing the little ones across the fucking room as if the tv screen was a fucking grizly bear.... Sorry little miss picture, perfect family with the white picket fence, but you don't fucking own the media! There are children from divorced families, children from same sex couples, adopted children, handicapped children, and the media giving them something to relate to can do them no wrong! 
You are not so perfect with your fake front of a chruch going, soccer mom,Your dumb ass letting Mexican nannies raise your children so you can go to yoga and fuck the pool boy is what's crippleling your kids.
Everytime I turn to ESPN there is a segment on a football player who has openly "came out of the closet"... its like so? if he can sack the quarterback, fuckin let em play!
Wow, so I guess Logo's buying Good Luck Charlie from Disney. -.-
Is homosexuality really that big of an issue?
Really?!
...
Dumbasses.
Ok so I'm turning 17 and only ever had one girlfriend for a month and in that month all we did was hold Hans twice  and it f**king annoys me that people at school keep giving me shit about it
Yes I would like to go out with some one but on the level of also having them as a friend
Not like all the kids at my school who use there partners as a statice symbol I hate it
I don't want a relationship dictated by other people. End rant
One last thing I was ment to have my year 10 formal last year and didn't even get invited because I didn't have a date how pathetic
And I'm not really looking for some one but am open.
Thank you
It'll happen eventually dude.

If it makes you feel better, I didn't go to any dances or functions like that either. They made me leave highschool and forced me into getting my GED at 15, you don't think about dating when you're only spending 3 hours a day in a class full of middle aged people and pregnant hood rats for 4 months.
I want to be a gay man, if that helps?
(._.) I'm not transgender
Oh sorry!
I guess it just reminded me of that particular conversation more than anything. Your picture is very clearly female and I should have worded that more carefully :/
Thanks for taking the time to reply anyway
Seems to me, you dont feel boxed in by one sex or the other. Which is cool in my book.
My picture is male... Q_Q
@Leeiam .... I don't know who this is more awkward for. I hope your laughing too though?
It's cool.
I love androgyny it's so fun like oooh mystery  guy? girl? who knows 8D
I love androgyny it's so fun like oooh mystery  guy? girl? who knows 8D


Unless youre trying to get laid or something.
Unless youre trying to get laid or something.


who wants to have sex when you can confuse people all night instead
I second that.
*hums twilight zone music*
Trust me I'm not a virgin for lack of offers 
I guess I should clarify that I don't try to fight the system with my appearance, because I don't feel a need to. I can't say I'm big into shoes or whatever but I don't bind my boobs down or anything...
Trust me I'm not a virgin for lack of offers 
I guess I should clarify that I don't try to fight the system with my appearance, because I don't feel a need to. I can't say I'm big into shoes or whatever but I don't bind my boobs down or anything...


is that so?...well, neither do i
I think I'm transgender but I'm not sure. I don't want my boobs or vagina (I know that for a fact) and I don't wear boy clothes but like if I become a guy I don't wanna date girls. So, I guess gay guy?
Or maybe a bi guy? I'm not really sure.
I think I'm transgender but I'm not sure. I don't want my boobs or vagina (I know that for a fact) and I don't wear boy clothes but like if I become a guy I don't wanna date girls. So, I guess gay guy? shit i meant i do wear guy clothes not girl clothes
Depends on how committed you are. On the note of the "No friends here" thing, my advice is to just get out and meet people. Nothing starts a friendship like a random conversation!
well it's only been two months...and like hanako said if he did once then he'll eventually do it again...and i think the long distance between you two would increase those chances of happening...m sorry
Trust me I've beeb there , done that. I forgave him after he cheated on me once. Then about two months later i got a phone call from my best friend saying that he had three other girlfriends . So I dumped him. Trust me I wouldn't forgive him if I was you , but personally that's just me.
The verdict seems to be light the torches and grab your pitchforks. My opinion is a 100 mile train ride takes too long when it comes to going and slapping his dirty cheating face. Do you have access to a bullet train, perchance?
Ditch him and do not meet up with him again. The end, Lol.
Listen to the words o' Cia. He is very wise. Tis why he's King.
I doubt this guy actually cares about relationships. Please ditch him for your own good
He cheated after 2 months? He sounds like a ho.
I agree. He is no good. End it. ( I know that is harsh,but he is a cheater don't go back)
If he cared about the relationship between you he wouldn't of done that to you.
I don't understand when people cheat! If you wanted another person why started a relationship.
If you need someone I bet there is more then a few lovely, Intelligent people on this site who would talk to you. Try meeting some new people
Hi I'm bi and my parents don't no I'm scared cause ik I will be out out of my house but I need a cute emo girl or guy to tlk to and get to no
Hello.i am also bi,but eh..I don't know if I fit the cute girl part but yeah you can talk to meh about anything
Creepy o-o
im bisexual and proud ^.^
i say the same as MryaSweets =^.^=
All of u are pretty an beautiful an if u want a relationship or need someone to tlk to plz inbox me
I am bi to. You can trust me with anything c:
Hi bi, imanobody
So what is it you need to talk about.
I am bi too  but my family don't know only amfew of my friends know but of u need someone to talk to inbox me
I'm gay but feel free to PM me
I'm straight but if you ever need anyone to talk to feel free to PM me, which is exactly what everyone else is saying so the odds of that happening are small lol.
Creepy o-o
lawlz...so trueX3
I'm bi you can talk to me :3
Nuuh! D: I'm supposed to be clever!
Nuuh! D: I'm supposed to be clever!
nice job;3
nice job;3
I know right? ;3
im bi aswell, you can talk to me anytime (: idk about the cute or beautiful thing tho, hehe :/
I know right? ;3
;D
im bi . here for you if you ever need to talk also
yew cn talk tew meh but i dont think i fit the cute part hahaha
Ehh... Im def not cute but u can talk to meh
Im bi. Ive been through too much. So im like my own theropist. If u ever need help talk to me.
Bisexual and proud of it! My parents don't know because they are homophobic but thats their problem! I don't fit the cut epart but the rest im here for!
I'm bi, but I most def don't fit the cute part..... If ya ever need anyone to talk to don't be afraid to PM me I'll help you if I can.
i bet this person that started this post hasn't said anything to any of you
heyyyyyyyy I bi too. ( I a girl) . u can always talk to lolz.
If Iook at futa does that make me pansexual.?
What does 'futa' mean?
ok first of all i got a kind of boyfriend for like 6 months n we both really wanna have sex howeva im bisexual n lately hes bein too jealous n id love to meet a girl i that way....actually i do wanna have sex with him but idk if it is jus my insane hormones....should i wait or not?
Well do it if you lovce him and you want to but don't if your not ready

and remeber U can get preg  and might get aids or something if he has ever had sex before
does he really love you?
How old are you? Cos if you're underage tell him to pee off -.-
I also think about sex alot...i hav no idea if it hormones or just mee...
O...O
Um, if you're interested in hooking up with other girls you clearly don't love him.
And if you don't love him, I'd advise you not to do it.
You'll get hurt. Badly.
im 16 n yes i do love him its jus that i dont like bein asfixiated with bf or gf...n well i know he loves me too cuz he always tells me as well as everybody tell me he does or at least thats wut i think...
Okay I see stuff like this all the time. If you're questioning it, you're not ready. That's all there is to it.
im 16 n yes i do love him its jus that i dont like bein asfixiated with bf or gf...n well i know he loves me too cuz he always tells me as well as everybody tell me he does or at least thats wut i think...You're defidently not ready for it. If you're not 100% for a serious, committed relationship, you shouldn't be thinking of this.
Candy, you don't sleep with someone because they love you. I'm sorry but that's the blunt truth and you have to bear in mind that just because he, or his friends say it doesn't mean it's true either.
My 2cents:

If you can't form a proper sentence, don't you dare even attempt to procreate. We need to raise the average IQ of our gene pool.
wow meowmix... XD
yea, u defo not ready. from wat i'm seein, u just want him as a fck buddy. ppl say that they 'love' each other all the time, but they not rly in love. they just use the word to get wat they want, and frankly that's fcked up. 
even if it was all true, you still shouldn't. you're way too young. you should hold out as long as you can, cuz if a guy is still with u for years after u said no to having sex with him, that's how you no he's the a good true one that doesn't want u as smth to put his dick in. 
same goes for girls btw.
If you love him and he loves you than I say go for it. Do what you want. You've been together for a while.
MASTURBATE!!!
I say wait till you're 18 or older. Save it for someone you have been with for a very long time and you truly love and trust.
i'll have sex with all of you
Sex is Sex  You fuck n you get out  Virginity is like a soap bubble... One prick and it's gone. But seriously... This is where Dr. Phill comes in... (Dr. phill voice) Well, being a pretty lady like yourself... I personally wouldn't do it because it could possibly backfire on you. Wanting to have sex with other girls shows that you are a complete player and can not handle a relationship... It sucks being bi. Lol I'm jk... But seriosusly now it does show that you really dont love him enough to have sex with him
God help theses people who still stress over thier precious virginity..... .'
Kids are never ready for sex.
My last bf dumped me for not having sex with him should I have to make him stay?
i'm ready! i'm ready! i'm ready! i'm ready! i'm ready! i'm ready-eady-eeeaady!
^ Geez. Im trying to remember where that comes from. .
It will hurt when the relation ship ends bc nothing last forever. Imagine this... He breaks up with you, and you cry. He kisses another girl, and your pissed. It will make you bitter if you hold on to the sadness (which you probaly will) so highly suggest no
It will hurt when the relation ship ends bc nothing last forever. Imagine this... He breaks up with you, and you cry. He kisses another girl, and your pissed. It will make you bitter if you hold on to the sadness (which you probaly will) so highly suggest noAgreed
^ Geez. Im trying to remember where that comes from. .
hahahahahah tis from spongebob!XD
Ah, now I remember. Thank you kindly.
Ah, now I remember. Thank you kindly.
hahah:Dyou are very welcome my good sir
Be bisexual doesn't mean that if you have a boyfriend you can do things with females.
If you got a serious relationships your sexual preferences doesn't matter, you must be loyal to the one you choose.
By the way, if you really are sure that you want to make sex probably you will never ask it here.
So my suggestion's to wait. And think well about what do you want from him and from your relationship.
I'm saving my verginity to my gf and she's saving her's for me so yea I think I'm ready for sex
I can't wait btw
my desire for sex grows day after day. it's coming anyways...
I have no desire to have sex whatsoever.....
I say wait cause you never know what will happen afterwards.
probably never -sighs-
Just wait no rush ok sweetheart, I wana hav sex but I'm Christian and that means no masturbation.
Statistically speaking. 95% of people who date between prek and 12th grade will not wind up together. Out of the 5% that make it 3%	of the 5% will wind up divorced within 2 years. Chances are. Your relationship will fail anyways. And also, just about everyone regrets their first time. However, I believe that if you did truly love them at the point that you had intercourse, then even if you don't wind up with the person, then the sex wasn't wasted. just be careful. Decide whether you believe as I do or believe in only being with one person. If you believe as I do and you love him then do it. If you believe in the one and only sex thing then just wait till your married or I can guarantee you'll regret it
I dont beleive in sex till after marriage and since im probably never going to be married uhhh yea im going to be the pathetic virgin of this era but hey im kinda proud of that i dont know why i just am

Besides who would want to have sex with me??
And to answer the question im soooo not ready for sex it scares me and im no prize :/
Im completely hopeless in relationships so it will be a miracle if I can even get in the bed with someone and cuddle haha
way to young dont fck up anyone till you is like 18 and hi-c you are a creep
I say wait till you're 18 or older. Save it for someone you have been with for a very long time and you truly love and trust.
Exactly What he said he is right!
Sex...changes things. It's a huge eye opener to a relationship and you do get closer. But it's like you notice the little things about them. It's honestly weird but it's the biggest bond you can have with someone you are with. If you want to do it and you are 100% sure, go for it. None of us can really stop you if you decided to do it. But remember things can happen and if you risk it you should think,"Will this guy be able to support me if I get pregnant?" if the answers no, then you shouldn't do it. Condoms break, and birth control isn't 100% protective. but just be safe.
Easier there big boy, you''ll be making all the hooligans horny
Best waiting til you are ready. Tbh sex becomes too routine the older you get/ more sex you have best saving it for someone special :-) one of my biggest regretss was a lap dancer a while back, flings like that make you realise how special love making is with a person you genuinely care about. However only you know if you are ready deep down so best of luck whatever you choose!
					
					

ok first of all i got a kind of boyfriend for like 6 months n we both really wanna have sex howeva im bisexual n lately hes bein too jealous n id love to meet a girl i that way....actually i do wanna have sex with him but idk if it is jus my insane hormones....should i wait or not? 
If you don't think your ready then don't do it. Especially if your really nervous about then you really shouldn't do it
Love isn't just sexual desire. That's lust. Love is where you smile just thinking about them. Their gender blurs and you don't care if their male or female. Love is wanting to be by their side and never leaving.
love sucks it doesn't matter what it is
love?...heheh tis exactly what it is...just like how any other word means itself
dadada the battle between lust and love dididididiiiiing
who will survive!!!! lol
The word Love is too small to let figure out what it's.
The real Love's similar to a mother with their sons.
It's about give, without asking nothing back.
A son can hurt is mother in every kind of way, but she will ever Love him.
Love is a feeling of butterflies when someone mentions them, love is not seeing anyone else but them, always trying, but never feeling good enough. Love makes your desire to be with them almost unbearable. Love is accepting each other's mistakes, and learning to get past them. Love is, as it's always been, forever, and a very long time that is.
To be serious I agree with everyone above 
there many. Meanings to this. 4 letter. Word 
but I guess it is what. It is half or whole pain or pleasure. 
Sad or happy.  There r different types.  Love is precious thing 
just be lucky u experience it cause. Some r so blind they don't feel or understand 
this feeling...
The word Love is too small to let figure out what it's.
The real Love's similar to a mother with their sons.
It's about give, without asking nothing back.
A son can hurt is mother in every kind of way, but she will ever Love him.
This is a beautiful explanation. I love it
love is a word .
love is a word .
Lol
love is a connection. two people for a connection noone else can break, noone could change you're mind if you love someone. and it can only be destroyed by the peopel who are in love. and you give a piece of yourself to eachother and hope and trust the persone you love not to throw that piece of you away.
love is a connection. two people for a connection noone else can break, noone could change you're mind if you love someone. and it can only be destroyed by the peopel who are in love. and you give a piece of yourself to eachother and hope and trust the persone you love not to throw that piece of you away.
So if you keep hooking up you end up pieceless?      
Sorry that makes no sence at all.
Everyone has a differnt opinion i guess.
for me love is beeing able to stay with some person in our own world , it must be 4 ever ,and it must be always ,so its supper hard to find , and impossible to be shore of
/\ i was thinking the same thing
Love is when you can't go 20 minutes without thinking of them, it's when you know that you can't bear to be without them, it's when you feel your heart tear in two when you see them
Love is how you feel towards somebody. To feel close to them and to not be far away from each other. To care for each other. That's all I can say. But the other way around that is pain in disguise.
Geez, no one posted the Jim Carrey video? I am disappointed...
"WHAT IS LOVE, BABY DON'T HURT ME. DON'T HURT ME, NO MORE." 


Love? What is this foreign word you speak about ? ....OH YEAH !!!! ... It doesn't exist!!!
In my opinion theirs no better feeling than love and no worser pain than losing it
Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more. Is that the answer you were looking for?
love...
its something that doesn't come my way... that's all I know
Love is a painful thing.

I'm sick of all the "ew fag" 
I'm sick of all the "faggots"
I'm tired of standing up for myself to people who have an IQ lower than fucking Forrest Gump. Your a not afraid you are an asshole.
If your one of those people who says I'm gonna go to hell, if I do I'm taking you with me you whore. If anyone I see is messed with for sexuality I will go off on that person it pisses me off so much every time someone hates on anyone that isn't the most com,on sexuality. Just shut the hell up you asshole. You're so fucking troublesome and waste our goddamned time.
WARNING: THIS IS A VENT
If you dont care, and they are a waste of time, why are you wasting your time by caring about what they say and hence, needing to vent?
Everyone should be whoever they want to be, end of.
hi people be messed up cuz they dont understand 
					
					

You is bad at grammar pwniboi
What are you attracted to?
For me, my dream girl would be short (or at least shorter then me, which isn't hard considering im 5"11),  cute, blue eyes, white/brightly coloured hair, piercings or tattoos but mostly, it is the personality thats important. It's a sort of, if you care for me I'll care for you deal haha
For me its someone shorter than me or same height, cute, not extremely skinny or anything like that, tattoos and piercings, short or long hair, and has a great personality
Someone taller ,makes me laugh and cry overall love
theres a topic already been done of this xD
i'm attracted to Jemmax3
Guys: I love guys that are taller than me. I love dark hair and light eyes(anything lighter than brown) That will forever be my weakness. But it's not a need. Piercings and tattoos are cool but he doesn't need them. It just adds bonus points. But I love guys who are sweet. That would care for me in my time of need and never leave my side. Guys that are faithful and that treat you with respect. I love guys who are spontaneous yet romantic. I love gentlemen I love sarcasm. If the guy isn't sarcastic it would drive me insane. I love guys who can be a douche bag but treat me differently. I love guys that can stand up for theirselves. I love gamers c:I love guys with a fucked up sense of humor like me. And listen to my type of music. But what tops it all off and makes a guy stand above all the rest, is one who understands that the littlest things make me happy. A simple,"Good morning beautiful" text can make my day 100X better. 
Girls: I'm super picky when it comes to girls. She has to be a bitch. She has to be able to stand up for herself but she has to be sweet as well. She has to be a gamer and if she has dark her light eyes, I'm already interested. She has to have roughly the same music type. But for me to be with her she has to be something special. Something that stands above the rest of girls. 

Overall my dream person just has to treat me like their partner and not some trophy girl. 
My dream person just has to be a person that keeps my interest long enough. 
My dream person has to have a heart melting laughing and a heart jumping smile. 
If I had my dream person here, I would be putty in their hands 
Someone  awesome
Thats quite detailed... @_@
Cearly she said "dream girl" So that's a dream. But I date whoever can keep my interest. Just saying c:
anyone who will love me for who I am and stick by me no matter what.
I dont have a type, Id say I used to but now I just look for someone who will love me for me, take care of me, share adventures with me, memories and someone who is honest.
That's kinda cute
Hmmm have to say I am partial to girls with brown/black hair. Close to my height. Blue/Green eyes. Enough of the physical side of it.. Personality wise i'd like them to be outgoing,caring,patient, and able to cheer me up if I get depressed.
Cupcakes @-@
im pretty sure alot of people feel the same way as i do xD but i have colors c:
As Tony said. Live let live. 
No biggie what your sexual preferences is. 
And now a days more people are accepting of lesbians, bisexuals, gays, ect. 
I'm personally bisexual and have no problem admitting it because I'm proud of who I am.
^-^ indeed. and it's a really good thing that you have no problem admitting it. c:
i agreeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Its alqays good to see lgbt people who are proud  I'm a lesbian an  I'm proud, even though no one knows, its just who I am
Whooooo hoooo
I got the unicorns !!!!
oh my gosh this party has so much to do with gender and sexuality and totally not off topic!!!~(^.^)~
Lol when there are unicorns involved there is
Ooh Partyyy!!!!! ...I'll get the strippers I mean this is on the gender and sexuality forum...heheh
lol yes  see we know how to turn this into gender and sexuality
unicorns?...strippers?...i believe this topic has gone off topic
whatttt pshhhh no !!! lol
Wut seems to be still on topic xD I mean who can have a party without unicorns and strippers??? Ooh and don't forget about that sex chair!!!..I mean..haha idk
lol seriously i dont see the problem XD
ill be the awkward child in the corner hahaha
lol no dout about that Kane
Well I didn't mean to post it in gender and sexuality but I like this party already strippers unicorns what next...
i think m starting to like this
what the fuck has come to this forum
I was kinda close expecting an orgy
any way let's add some bondage *pulls out bdsm gear*
Lol matt
"matt"?
Hi-c
who's matt?
Matt is hi-c
oh
Lol yeah
Lets all have an orgy together
Lol ikr !!! Me and Matt might get some action  but no one else XD
O: haha not without me ;D i'll get the sex chairs!!
Nope sorry just me and my friend with benifits c:
Wut D; come on I squeeze in someway come on buddy!!dont let me be that awkward person in the corner lol
Nope just me and Matti
Fine then..I'll just record you guys heheh
lol okay suit yourself
Lol omg fine idc I got meh pornstars...with rainbow hair and all the epic ness in the world xD
lol okay
I shall bring the props
Lol
party!~(^.^)~
i just read all of that...
I'll direct the flim
Lol nice Matt c: lol me Matt are making porn 
					
					

yes...good porn indeed
Lol yes but at the end Tony will wind up kicking our asses or maybe not xD
so?...m younger than him...he's an old geezer
Wow being mean to my daddy xD
Lol xD
Porn vid..without meh...ptffff idc I got unicorns ;D
Party!!!!!!!!!! OMG!!! PUMP IT UP!
Lol yes me and Matti make great porn videos
Lol yea it does
Lol yea it does
it does suck?...or it sucks more than me?
It sucks cause we all know that no one sucks more than you lol xD
Lol you should be jemma
dont hurt me :c
Lol xD
i'll be as gentle as i can jemma
Woah there O.O
A party you say? 
I'll provide the GOOD music.
Lol lizzie this party is gonna have porno and unicorns are you sure your up for it? XD
					
					

transgender is a very touchy issue and you have to put themselves in their shoes just a little bit. You feel like you have been put in the wrong body,so you try to change to feel right but you still have that past and the whole load of problems that comes with it. I think a gril who used to be a guy should tell the other person if anything sexual comes up its only fair really
I have nothing against transgendered people, really. I mean, they're still people, but they were people in the wrong body, they just wanted to feel right. With the whole 'a man/woman should tell' thing is kind of up to him/her and his/her morals. If he/she really feels concrete about it, and now feels comfortable in their body, why should they have to tell? Though, if I decided to be transgendered, I don't think I'd be able to go on with not telling the guy/girl that I hooked up with, there would be a degree of guilt riding my conscious. So yeah, put yourself in their shoes for a moment and look at something from a different angle c:
I think someone should be told tbh but it is a tough scenario, if she still had a cock then deffo!
Pre op the look on someone's face when they realise their partners got a bigger cock than them lmao wouldn't know if too laugh or cry
it's kinda hard to though cause the chance of being with guys gets less if they say they used to be a guy before and not cause of their current body or something but because of their past gender.so the logical way of spending one night with them could be not saying unless they got asked.but in serious or long term relationship it's not fair for their partner to not be told.
A lot of transgenders who manipulate people are fucking irresponsible assholes.
huh well if you like both genders it should not matter either you should tell him you are bisexual or tell him after you move out...I don't know if this will help any for I have not been in this type of situation but if you need anyone to talk to you can send me a message
Sounds like your dad is really stupid. .
I agree with Lizzie. :/
i agree with lizzie before she edit her post
i agree with lizzie before she edit her post
I agree with this post.
I agree with this post.
you better
you better
and if I didn't? :3
and if I didn't? :3
then yo down is stupid
I'm bisexual and my parents are against lesbians, gays, and bisexuals. So I think I know how you feel.
I'm bisexual and my parents are against lesbians, gays, and bisexuals. So I think I know how you feel.

Thats how my parents are. Ive been lucky enough to have an older cousin who was bisexual kind of set the tone for me. When he came out, my parents started talking about him in a bad way, so I know what to expect from them. Needless to say, it'd probably be better for everyone involved if they didnt know. I mean, do they really need to know anyway?





Fucking RUDE
that's actually good to know
Yay!! Frodo baggins can marry sam gamgee now!!!!!! Just kidding....frodo lives on!!!
cool
at least it legal somewhere. In america it all fucking illegal and stupid
Yup I agree, gay marriage all the wayy bbaaybbee
Hopefully it will circulate around the world
Well, that's one step.
I don't care about gays getting wed. I miss mIKE :c


just need gay marrige in the US and other places
wonder if gay marrige is legal in mexico?
No, Gay marriage is not allowed in Mexico because Mexico has no government. It's a puppet system that is controlled by the Cartel and Militia.
Touch her boob,and look at her face reaction..you'll be able to tell if she like it or not..trust me it works haha..but most girls like their boobs to be touched and plus if your her bestfriend for 4 years she shouldn't get mad
Touch her boob,and look at her face reaction..you'll be able to tell if she like it or not..trust me it works haha..but most girls like their boobs to be touched and plus if your her bestfriend for 4 years she shouldn't get mad
ahahah well then it might not help any because this case happens alot more then not where she will accidentally grab me somewhere and i mean somewhere as in my boobs or butt
Just tell her. I've been in this position except my best friend was straight. I ended up writing a letter to her two years ago. Because we used to joked around and she kissed me twice before. We never spoke about the note once I gave it to her but to this day we are still best friends. So throw caution into the wind. If she doesn't feel the same just drop it and move on as friends
Just tell her. I've been in this position except my best friend was straight. I ended up writing a letter to her two years ago. Because we used to joked around and she kissed me twice before. We never spoke about the note once I gave it to her but to this day we are still best friends. So throw caution into the wind. If she doesn't feel the same just drop it and move on as friends
okay thank you so much
I was just wondering because im curious what the difference are?
One's a sexuality, one's a sexuality and preferences o.o I know that can be taken as offensive to some but... s'just how I see it.

Pansexuals like boys and girls (same as bisexual) but are also attracted to people despite gender identities (as far as I'm aware this covers transsexuals and transvestites)... the first part is the sexuality (which is essentially just bisexual) and the second are the additional preferences.

I know people like to refer to pansexuality as an actual sexuality but you don't refer to people who like fat people, thin people, ginger people or different races as a different sexuality so I don't refer to those who like transvestites or transsexuals as one either.

I know many others don't see it like me, but personally if I were interested in other gender identities I'd be a little offended if were thrown into my own little sexuality, thus singling me out as 'odd'.
Ohh so pansexuals also are attracted to transgender and transvestites, gotcha. And yeah I understand where your coming from I don't think it's offensive It's just another opinion
Now I get it...
pan seuxal is basicly your love anyone you love regardless to their gender orientation etc
bi sexual means you go either way
Pansexual love hearts not parts
Bisexual just can't decide on a part
Pansexuals dont really care about gender or looks just mainly personality...i know cuz i am a pansexual
Bisexual is only liking males and fsnakes. Pansexual includes males females transgendered etc.. The definition says males females and people who don't necessarily fit in either category
Pansexual is like "genderblind"
and Bisexual is sexually attracted to either gender c:
Ik 100% that im bi ive "messed around" with guys before bt anyways im really scared to tell anybody cuz im a football player and i wanna make a career out of it and if my team mates found out i would contantly be getting picked on and my grandparents (i live with my grand parents cuz my parents r never around) dnt know cuz they would flipp out i mean my pa threw a bitch fit when i got my ear peurced what do i do
We gotta be who we are, sometimes that means sacrifices. But i feel the struggles will mold us in a profound way. I wouldn't say anything until I move out though. they really like to play out the whole "my house, my rules."
I think you should not tell anybody cuz they will form a pyramid...in other words if you tell at least one of them they would tell everybody...and you know what would happen next...
Thanks i really appreciate the advice
Well I believe u should tell them..because if they like u now..wuts the difference?now they just know something new about you..don't be afraid to be yourself
Don't be afraid k. We all love ya no matter what. Idk about your family but just be you k. If you are bi YAY! Just be yourself. I'm sure they won't be to mad.  always be yourself.
Well i was having an arguement with one of my friends and she said that a person is not born with a certain sexuality he just develops it if he wants to... I mean i totally disagree u cant just tell someone to be something other then straight and he cant develop those feelings unless hes born with them! What do u guys think? I just wanna kno everyones opinion
I agree with you, nobody can force an orientation onto someone else and expect it to work. All people have a taste in what gender they like just like everyone has a taste for what type of person they like (ie: personality or physically)
Agree 100% ill show this to her!
I agree with u completely
Ikr i dont even kno why she said that and she hates me for being a bisexual and she acts like its such a crime - _-
im showing her those and she still wont agree with me !
well some people are just hard headed oviousouly (sorry for my crappy spelling) she is not a real friend if she thinks your orentation is a crime so its prolly better she is out of your life
people who think your able to choose your sexual preference is retarded. Your born that way nothing more to it. It's been proven as well. Doesn't really matter if people were or weren't "meant to be that way" can't change your genes. It is what it is
I know this discussion has not been added into for a bit but I think it is a tad closed minded of us all to think that everyone's sexual decisions are made only because of how we are born.
There are people out there, largely women, who have turned to homosexuality because they have been mistreated by men or they begin to just enjoy the company of women more and then let their sexuality change over years.
I really just don't think we can cast a net over every gay or bi person in the world and say "You were like that since you were born, your life had no effect on who you want to put your penis inside now." We are all human beings, capable of free thought and yes there are many things that our genes lay out for us but not everyone choses to follow that path.
Honestly I agree but if she "hates" you for being bi then she's not a true friend and you shouldn't try so hard to convince someone to except you again if they didn't accept u in the first place 
Hope I worded that right  
I'm guessing your trying to get her to accept you then again idk the situation but ill shush now c:
Give it time. Kiss a girl.@?
i can help you.
well you could try expeirimenting with a girl and see what its like. and if you dont like it then your not gay and if you do then theres your answer
Bi, maybe
Growing up, figuring out i was Pansexual was pretty hard. This is pretty much just for anyone to chat, if your confused about your sexuality or just wanna know what Pansexual is!
Pansexual?
					
					

Growing up, figuring out i was Pansexual was pretty hard. This is pretty much just for anyone to chat, if your confused about your sexuality or just wanna know what Pansexual is!I have a dream... that some day my children can live in a world where young boys and girls don't identify each other by bizarre and fictional conceptualizations of sexuality, but merely by the content of their character.III HAVE A DREAAAM... *trails off*
					
					

O.e...
					
					

bahhahahahhhahahahhahahahahhaaa!!XD a panther? hahah really?
hahahahahahha still laughing about le panther hahahhahahahha
pansexual is falling for the personality gender doesn't matter as long as it's human (or then it would be beastiality aka le panther)
I have to tell people what pansexual is all the time. I came out about it and I got so much shit about it being fake and donly a fad. It was so annoying... I do not care what people say being pansexual is real and a personal choice like anything else in a persons life.. lol sorry for ranting but I was reading some peoples posts and I laughed a bit.
IM PANSEXUAL!!!!!!! C:
Everyone accepts me for who I am. A pansexual. If they don't. Then they aren't worth my time. No matter what IM always going to be who I am. IM going to keep my tattoos and piercings, IM going to play my music too loud. IM going to dye my hair wired colors, and wear band t shirts. And as long as IM ok with who I am. That's all that matters
Pansexual means that your basically gender blind.....im pansexual
I'm pansexual. It is kind of hard, especially when you have "those friends" where they want you to get to know a random person and go out with them ._.
.-. ._.
When ever you want you cunt
when you want to pretty much. But also probably not a good idea to have it underage, or if you're underage not to have sex with someone who's considered an adult, theres all sorts of legal implications.
To be honest your too concerned with labels, it doesn't really matter what you call yourself. Just find someone you love and love them.
labels are annoying but they help some people to explain things or to help people get their heads around things but it's very confusing..... just don't bother with labels be happy with anyone you want to be happy with i have only ever been out with boys but i know if the right girl or trans person came along i wouldn't really care a person is a person to me it's really hard to explain but being with the person cause i like them is all that matters to me x
I've dated both boys and girls. And now I'm saying and letting out what I need to. I know I'm a girl and I've dated girls but I don't care. I date boys as well and still don't care. I'm sick and tired of people who are against it! Love is love. thats my motto. And if your against it, than i feel very sorry for you and i hope you have a very nice day. Goodbye

~A xoxo
Alright, then that's good^.^
I've dated both boys and girls. And now I'm saying and letting out what I need to. I know I'm a girl and I've dated girls but I don't care. I date boys as well and still don't care. I'm sick and tired of people who are against it! Love is love. thats my motto. And if your against it, than i feel very sorry for you and i hope you have a very nice day. Goodbye~A xoxo:\ strange post.
The fact you even made this post clearly shows you do care what people think.  You just do it anyway, "like a rebel".
U are so damn right! ^^ I'm also bi and I think people really need to learn to have respect for other people, no matter what!
congrats for making that clear when you wanted to keep it private
Amen girl
I think people who discriminate us should go fuck themselves!!! We are who we are!! We can't change that.
yeah support gay marriage and crap in the U.S.
or go to europe and screw getting married in the US
I love girls 
Welcome to the club =3
Me too. Maybe we could make something happen ;0 No just kidding. Sorry. No disrespect. :]
I love girls too... Am I a lesbian?
I love women...honestly WAY more attractive then men...just saying
i'm a lesbian
Well I'm also*
i love women!!!
I like women  they make me feel warm and fuzzy inside.... a bit like kittens
I love men
and will stare oddly at straight men for the rest of my life
First off, how old are you? Ladies usually acquire their hankering for sex when they are in their late 20's
Its true. Ladies hit the peak of their sexual appettite when they start to hit their 30's.
Its true. Ladies hit the peak of their sexual appettite when they start to hit their 30's.
no comment to this
*fades away*
I've always been attracted to girls but I was with this guy for so long that I never had a chance to really see so now these feelings are pushing more like me being attracted to girls. Yeah I've made out with a girl before and I loved it but I'm nervous to try to even pursue a girl if that makes sense and I don't want my family to know. Gaaahhhh i don't know. As you can tell I'm just confused an would like some advice please and thank you.
Ihave beem having urges and feeling to do stuff with guys but i want to know if its just a phase or if I really am bi. How do I check for sure with out doing anything to sexual?
You need more time to know it.. And it may still be unstable where r u on KIngsley's scale ^ ^ I needed a year even to come from the point I kissed with a girl to the moment I admitted being truly bi ^ ^
you need time. we all get attracted to the same sex at some point in our lives....its just normal, but you need time to figure it out. you cant just say 'ohhh im bi!' all of a sudden, cuz you might just be in that phase when our hormones decide to confuse the shit out of us...
Firstly, your english sucks and I can barely understand what you're saying.Secondly, you can't 'come to believe' you're trans, lol. You either are trans or you aren't, there is no 'hm, maybe' about it. If you wear women's clothing and are a man then you qualify for transvestite and if you have had medical surgery to change from man to woman or visa versa then you qualify as transsexual. It's simply not something you wake up one day and realise.Now, that second paragraph I honestly don't have a clue what you're tying to say here, however I'd just like to state that you're equally as closed minded as those you are essentially referring to. You tell people you can be anything you want and that's true within reason, however simply assuming the world should bend over backwards and simply accept you is naive at best. If you want to spout about how you can be who you want to be, then equally they can be who they want to be also, and that quite plainly includes thinking you're a weirdo, creeper and annoying.There are quite obvious guidelines set out by the public and mass media on what is male and what is female. If you wish to cross these boundaries and define yourself in a different way then be my guest, but do not be completely ignorant to the fact that those guidelines were made by the majority of the population and therefore the majority of the population does not think what you're doing is normal, right, good, or however you may wish to phrase that. When you cross that boundary do not simply expect acceptance. Some people may accept you, some (probably most) wont. That is life, stop trying to bend the world over backwards to accept you on something you did, knowing it wasn't considered normal to begin with.I honestly do tire on all these topics, it's the equivalent of a rapist telling the world it's who he is and to just accept him for it.
I agree with you, anyone can be anything and anyone they want to be and it doesn't matter what other people think. You can consider yourself transgender. There are judgemental people everywhere, but never let them tell you what kind of person you are.
I identify as a potato
Ok so Im bi-curious abd well this girl was lesbian and wanted to sext and well I was like idk but she was sexting either way abf I didn't get turned on or anything....but with guys I do!
Ugh I'm frustrated maybe I'm not maybe I want to be?? Idk
hmmmmmmmmm...you could be gay...or just bi...either one
Btw I'm a girl
Heyy*,,,I am
Hii

im bi and damn proud of it :3
same here
I'm gay and would not get turned on if a guy was sexting me
so maybe sexting does not get you.... going... with girls
Its supposed to say kissing a guy i dont have feelings for is the same as kissing a girl i dont have feelings for
well...you could be bi-curious???
dw I sometimes find myself attracted to chicks as well as guys but for me i definately know im straight. Youll figure it out xD the time will come wen you BOOOOOM and youll know what your orientation is ^vv^ probably from an experience....
well welcome to my world my current belief is that I'm gay Doesm't matter what you label yourself just follow whatever gets you going be it guys girls transgenders etc. and forget about labels
I feel kinda the same. I don't think it matters all that much though..it's not like we need to label it. If you like someone, then you like them.
It is stupid when ppl say they have always known or they just know especially at the young age.. It may always become unstable.. And it takes years to discover your own sexuality...
You see, I'm 19 and I do consider myself emo. So I prefer to date guys/girls in my social group...why is that sometimes emo guys can be so mean and judgmental. When my facial hair comes in, people ignore me and I'm considered ugly as hell :c
How many of you have been judged
I have, dearie... but everyone gets judged. Some, more then others... some times... Did you know Sorority girls aren't as liked as you think? Nope... Hardly any one likes them... why don't they speak out? Because they don't want the judgement either... oh, and, Hi.
It's human nature to judge. It's how you handle it that seperates you from others. If you can't get over being judged then you're not very prepared for the real world.
Thanks guys
To be all honesty I don't know whether or I'm straight or pansexual I'm....so confused

"Pick him like a ripe apple mother fucker" LMAO
Haha, my favourite fruit too, which ironically taste more better from hearing that, lol.
Okay you officially made me uncomfortable....
horney littles boys....hahahahhahahahahhaha

ohhh gosh -mega facepalm- O...O


LOL why? .-.
who is that...? he looks professional as hell ^^
So at what age did you learn about the birds and the bees? Did your parents sit down and tell you about it or did you find out from school?
Err both n from friends who'd heard from their parents
My foster dad handed me a book with pictures and said 'here, you like reading..... read this, you might find it interesting"
I was 8..... I left my child hood then
I don't feel comfortable with a 24 year old man asking a question like this on a site predominantly used by young teenage girls.
I am a bisexual female. Sexually I'm more inclined to be with a female. Relationship-wise, I'm more inclined to be with a male.
I haven't been with a female except once since a girl I easily can say I loved died in a car accident a few years ago. She was so amazing and I will always keep her in my heart. What scares me most about this is that I won't ever be able to fully move on. I miss her so much. And I am able to move on with guys. But I felt guilty when I was with a girl. I don't understand it at all.
It's like I feel like I'm not honoring her when I look at other girls even...
I currently have a boyfriend that I love almost as much as I loved her. And I don't feel guilty about it at all. What am I supposed to do? Will I stop feeling like this or is it going to take a long time to diminish? And why don't I feel bad being with him?
I am a bisexual female. And I am not happy with it. I don't date a guy and a girl at the same time, nothing like that. But I cannot stand being tied to her and him...
Anyone else go through this type of thing or no?
Mfw: no Asexual option
I'm bisexual and I'm damn proud of it. *hugs you* I'm so sorry for what happened Like Doug he killed him self and after that I'll never fullly love another man....So I know what your going threw I think the same way. I sexually prefer women but relationship wise its men...but the women I have been with I've always take the "male" roll if that makes sense
well that...hon is a really hard task...It took me a year to finialy trust even anyone after that. But I did because I knew that wherever he is...he loved me....and would always protect me....I you just have to trust to know you need to be happy....to keep looking and to keep searching.....you'll find someone I promise....you don't have to deal with it or get over it you have to accept that it happened....and move on from it keep them in your heart but don't let hem control what you do....
I think that it shows me that I love him so much that it doesn't matter that I love her alot too....
yay! bi is winning!XD
eh, there wasnt a pansexual option ...
panther...hahahahahha
i am male and i am straight and i am happy with my orientation, but if i was a girl i'd defiantly be lesbian. if for no other reason then cool guys whose personality i like are just too few and far between. and females are just much more beautiful.
Is it possible to talk about hetero relationship in terms of seme and uke (used as symbols for some personality tendencies)? 

I'm very typical and stereotypical example of dramatic uke. And it's not because I want to. I just discovered the description one day and observed how much does it apply to me. Like it was made for me (even if you cannot see it now but ask my bf how dramatic I am...). It was strange.. I know that it's hard to find ppl who would identify with these labels strongly. 
Whatever. 
I just wanna ask if it is possible to apply these terms to hetero relationship? (not even to talk about it but it's already kind of stuck in my mind).

And btw. Which label would suit you best? What do you think?
what's a hetero relationship?...m sorry
what's a hetero relationship?...m sorry
heterosexual = not homosexual = boy + girl
oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...hahahah ntay! thank you much!XD
well... seme and uke is typically used in gay relationships right? but i can't see why it can't be used as a bases for a heterosexual relationship, it describes people does it not. and people are either gender so where is the problem, i am a chibi seme so i can't see any reason i can't meet a girl badass uke and be happy with her.
ive known i was bi for years now but i started to date this girl and she wouldnt act like my girlfriend around anyone and wouldnt let me put pictures of us kissing on facebook i didnt know what to do she ended up breaking up with me and now she still acts like shes not bi but i see her on the weekends with her new girlfriend i want to talk to her about it but i dont know what to say...
just ask her, and hope it ddosnt start a fight
Sometimes people don't like to be them selves because the person they try to be was the person others ridiculed, not them.
then just say what is on you're mind, it can't get any worse.
I'm bi and get teased about it like all the time.
People at school say i'm a freak and call me lez, lesbian, lesbo etc, but what's so bad about being bi?
There's nothing wrong with it.
It's a personal choice and people should just learn to accept people the way they are because they're not going to get far in life if they don't.
People just need to stop worrying about what we are doing and start worrying about themselves.  nothing wrong with being bi, its not there business who or what you are. Be who you wanta be and next time someone calls you a lesbian or anything like that say "yea and im fucking proud"
It is okay to be bi. I dont understand why people have a problem with it.
Thta's fucked, it is fine to be bi.Like me... Bi and Proud
im all for gays n bis...i dnt c wats d problem wiv it...just ignore dem
There is nothing wrong with bis.... you cant help who you fall in love with so meh stuff them you are who you be proud of it
Exactaly ! Nothing is wrong with being Bisexual, Gay or Lesbian. It's accepted around where I live for alot of people are Bi around here so I'm lucky =P . You're just unlucky you're stuck around a lot of narrow minded morons -.- . Just keep ignoring them and keep your Bi pride up!
there is nothing wrong with beingbi...i guess i am bi too n im not ashamed of it...people are jus scared of the uncommon so they try to hide it....you should be proud of what you are cuz if you like a girl instead of a boy or you like both it doesnt make you less person...be yourself!!!
Being bi is just more options for ya.  Instead of just one gender, you have two you can date!
More people should be bi. c:
Pretty much what I've gathered from the people I've been around that it's almost worse to be bi than it is to be full-on gay. You're too scared, too weak to choose, in their minds. I personally don't give a fuck who or what you love, but that's just me. As for myself, I personally think I'm just attracted to anyone that pays attention to me anymore. I've stopped labeling myself and just do what I want, and I'm happy.
Who cares what they say?
I know it may be hard, but walk away and froget that they exist. If you do that then chances are, they'll leave you alone.
There is nothing wrong with anyone being gay,bi,lesbian etc.
The way people treat you, is a statement about who they are as a human being. its not a statement about you.
Turns out you're noticed if you're a total fem, or a total stud.
Or a master dictator.
Haha I haven't noticed those yet, but it turns out they only talk to you if you're direct in what you're looking for.
I'm indecisive and I'm constantly hit on in the mall... by none other then tormenters... fun watching them wince in pain as I remind them who I am and what they did to me! ^.^ Male or female!
YAY!XD my 800th post!XD
So im new on here and i hate pple who judge me and im judged everyday. Im bisexual and i want to be able to tlk to pple who understand me and who r also bisexual maybe meet domeone who is reall nice and cool.
Oh and cuz im black/puerto rican
Hello 
I'm Tabi
I understand the people picking on you I get it since I dress darker and the music i listen to is differant. If you need someone to talk to message me
niggers
lol
I am not personally bi but I have no problem with bi people. I know what you are going through with the bullying thing. If you need someone just add me
I know what you mean about the bullying. Mine went to the point of hazing. Jus remember that it's jus school. As soon as you get done with high school, you'll find people grow up and quit immaturity like that.
hello...i am matt...nice to meet you
Hi
hi?...to which person?
Growing up I've had a lot of doubt to wether  straight.. I only dated one girl ever because men and women are horrible women make it hurt worse. ._. I have to hide who I am from my parents. Being whatever I am (I suspect bisexual) is really something I'm still figuring out.. Maybe it's just indecisions? I can't be asexual because I'm extremely attracted to people.. I'm overly-sexual.. And I can't be straight because I look at a girl I like and.. Oh my D:. Same thing with a boy.. But there are times when it disgusts me.. Maybe yeah just indecision?..
I like pickle-flavored chips.
maybe your pansexual or just sexually curious
idk but it shouldn't ,matter
u shouldn't think about it if u r attracted to a human being u should go for it
don't think about labeling your self if your not sure it will leave u stressed
just be u k
hey struck
hiya love x3
I just wanted to remind trans emosIs here any TS emo?..
Oh yeah baby I am  Look arnt I just so fucking sexy?
I hope this is not from a transphobe
I hope this is not from a transphobe He's pansexual.
uhum.. ok
I find a lot of transexuals quite hot.
aha...
XD
Omg darling, Arnt I just so fabulous? :3
I don't like your pics... don't put them here.. ok?
The Divine David is too sexy for you?I guess you are more into the barbie type? Like Kimber James? 


Omg darling, Arnt I just so fabulous? :3TRANSSEXUAL ZOMBIE!!!!! o_O
ewwwwwww, just eww. Those pics look sooo wrong...
XD
I find a lot of transexuals quite hot.Damn Right
Oh yeah baby I am Look arnt I just so fucking sexy? Only complaint I have is I wana fix the nail job
The most beautiful Transsexual Ever!!!! :3 Anderson Brooks 
I just fell in love with Anderson Brooks he is so gorgeous 
^ I beg to differ. A transexual is a guy that identifies as a girl, and a girl as a guy. What you described is nothing but a crossdresser.
Not trying to be rude but it sounded rude oops :x
^ I beg to differ. A transexual is a guy that identifies as a girl, and a girl as a guy. What you described is nothing but a crossdresser.Not trying to be rude but it sounded rude oops :x  none taken I don't find that rude at all. I thank i have a harder describeding things over the web then if i was on a phone or IRL i know there a differ with a transexual and a crossdresser but it is easey for me to get them mix up win they have kind of some of the same thing going on if u know what i mean. sorry if it sounds rude
I have a male alter-ego ^ ^ but he's even worse than me xD And I don't identify with him. He's just a part sharing my mind.
oh my :3
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!!!XD


Sharron Needles :3


ok ok... A little bit.. I am.. but it all depends on my mood xD
OM goodness... this is my old topic.
Ok.. a transsexual man is a man with female body but male identity... and the same for transsexual woman.. a woman with male body but female identity.
Roni Lachowicz
Sweetie, a transexual is a person who doesn't like the gender they were born with, so they have surgery to change to the opposite sex.


I'm a virgin, and I have a policy(at least for now) 1 year of dating till sex. Is that too pushy? Will it scare guys away? I'm just scared I'll find a guy who just wants to fuck and leave. Do I have the right idea? Or should I change it? I just want my first time to be with a guy who loves me. Also, is it wrong or unfair I don't feel like I have to do the same with girls? I think I'm more scared of a guy hurting me than a girl, isn't that messed up? lol. Opinions please! 


i can tell
i don't see the problem with it u should do what comfortable for u i guess
There's nothing wrong with being supportive :]
^ Agreed.
Right, im also supporting my friend in Jail, even though he Killed a whole family...
I am never against sexual orientation
and Im straight
I may not be straight but Im getting really sick of hearing about all of this gay pride shit. It is so annoying.
I may not be straight but Im getting really sick of hearing about all of this gay pride shit. It is so annoying.i kinda agree with this
I may not be straight but Im getting really sick of hearing about all of this gay pride shit. It is so annoying.I agree completely. People are hoisting the sodomite flag because it's become more of a status symbol than a gesture of support.Fucking pigs.


i support gays 
Right, im also supporting my friend in Jail, even though he Killed a whole family...Point being? Nothing wrong with that either. And I know what you guys are getting at with the whole gay pride thing. It's shit that anyone gets persecuted/discriminated for sexual preference, race, nationality, gender etc but that's the world we live in. Shit happens, but it's better if someone has your back :3
Point being? Nothing wrong with that either. And I know what you guys are getting at with the whole gay pride thing. It's shit that anyone gets persecuted/discriminated for sexual preference, race, nationality, gender etc but that's the world we live in. Shit happens, but it's better if someone has your back :3No my friend is not gay, but he finds pleasure In killing, he has Some high thirst for blood....so even if he is rejected in society Im supporting him, i mean thats who and how he is, No one should change or Judge him.
No my friend is not gay, but he finds pleasure In killing, he has Some high thirst for blood....so even if he is rejected in society Im supporting him, i mean thats who and how he is, No one should change or Judge him.I truly hope you are never in a position of power because this is one of the dumbest things I've ever read.
I truly hope you are never in a position of power because this is one of the dumbest things I've ever read.Aw Do not Judge me or my friend Boy, he kills only people who want to die with their permission....so he is not hurting anyone against their will. I mean these people Should be free and do whatever they want as long as they do not hurts others like Gays.
Aw Do not Judge me or my friend Boy, he kills only people who want to die with their permission....so he is not hurting anyone against their will. I mean these people Should be free and do whatever they want as long as they do not hurts others like Gays.So what's your friends name and what jail's he in then? not even sure if idiot or sarcastic
So what's your friends name and what jail's he in then?not even sure if idiot or sarcasticits comparison ! and im not giving any info about Him.
Sounds like a wannabe troll.
Sounds like a wannabe troll.That is if you cant understand it.
I went to Hulls gay pride thing that was good
I truly hope you are never in a position of power because this is one of the dumbest things I've ever read.I agree with Snow.
what?
you need support to be supportive of your gay friend?
The need for support in supporting an already supported person.
I support gay pride, my one uncle is gay, I have gay friends, my bestie back in Maryland was bi.

I don't care what your sexual orientation is as long as you are nice to me I'm nice to you. That's how it should be.

If you are against gay pride, okay, good for you...just don't force your opinion on anyone...kthanks


There is nothing wrong with supporting gay people if you're straight. I mean I'm straight and I support gay people Nd my parents disapprove it. I don't care what they think. My point: it is your choice(s) whether or not you support gay people. Be who you are.
I support 100% & I'm straight there's nothin wrong with it
I'm straight and I support it 100%
Im straight and i support pride...my brother is gay and my oldest sister is bi...even if they werent i dont see anything wrong with supporting something even though technically your not one of them....thats like not supporting breast cancer just because you dont have it...
You should support them and theres nothing wrong with supporting them being gay it shows you care about your friends and tht your a good person they also need support from they're friends(:
YAY!~ Lol, there is nothing wrong with that! It's a good thing dear ^~^
i shall..umm..support as well
My aunts gay and I support her & I'm straight 
					
					

This morning I had n odd dream. All of my dreams are odd, but this one, was wonderfully odd and unexpected. In the sixth grade, I had a female friend named Sabrina and we were the best of friends but she moved at the end of the year. Last night, in my dream, I was at my high school, the one she didn't go to because she moved, and I think I ran into someone and Sabrina saved me from the person yelling at me by taking me out of the school. Apparently, it was the end of the school day, and my bus was leaving. I knew I could catch it, but I didn't want to. I wanted to stay with Sabrina because she didn't take my bus and I hadn't seen her in forever. So we kept walking along and I randomly hugged her a bunch of times, but was worried because I thought she was straight (she acted like a lesbian though, at times in school,) but I kissed her and she kissed back! I hugged her again and she didn't want to let me go! So, I kissed her again. It wasn't a full-dream, I was half-awake, but it was still a great dream. 

Have you all ever had any dreams like this, or any other creepy/crazy/wonderful dreams?
I have, all summer. But this one's my favorite

I dreamed about my first day of high school, when I was walking along with my friend Carolyna we found my crush walking in front of us. And when we said hi to him he smiled at me in a cute way  And in one class he asked me out and we just hang out alot of times even outside of school, but one day we were like in my dream version of the docks. When I got there I saw him in a boat alone and was gonna commit suicide for some reason (I guess because no one likes him alot and doesnt feel loved). But I screamed to the top of my lungs saying "I LOVE YOU", when he looked back he jumped out of the boat, swimmed as fast as he can and hugged me tight and said "I love you too, and I promise I will never leave you". And then we started kissing (eventhough he was wet and it was cold, but we didnt care). It was the greates dream I ever have
@HollowLuv360 Aww!!!! 
Thanx 
but people keep telling me that he likes me, but I wanted to hear it from him
Ask him.
Ask him. I will when we go back to school, wish me luck
Only if you say please. :'P
PLEASE WITH EVERY ICE-CREAM TOPPING AND FUDGE ON TOP
Hmm. Sounds intense!
Alright, Good Luck! Actually, no nevermind. Scratch that.
GREAT LUCK!!
um i hardly hav dreams n wen i do its normally everyday life...
but i had a dream i was raped n then liked it...it was creepy n weird but not wonderful
Awww i hav alot of thoes dreams like one time i feel asleep in my boyfriends bed cuz we wer relaxing after walking around all day.i dremt we were in this medow and we were running around and he grabbed me by.my waist and held me in the air and twirled around in a circle and we feel asleep. In the grass and we went to a store but it was getting robbed and this guy was gonna shoot meh  but he took the bullet for me and i held him in my arms and we.kissed for the first time and he came back 
awwwz but 
i had a dream half my family was torn to shreads by a polar bear O.o
awwwz but i had a dream half my family was torn to shreads by a polar bear O.oI will hunt down that polar bear one day...MARK MY WORDS.I had a dream last night about my upcoming first day at high school . Anyways, I walked into the school and saw this girl who had tormented me for all of my middle school/elementary school years. All of the sudden she was acting really nice to me and she offered me to go to her house to dinner. My mom forced me to go. I was wearing a purple tuxedo for some reason   and then.... THEY POISONED ME. I woke up before I actually died though...
I will hunt down that polar bear one day...MARK MY WORDS.I had a dream last night about my upcoming first day at high school . Anyways, I walked into the school and saw this girl who had tormented me for all of my middle school/elementary school years. All of the sudden she was acting really nice to me and she offered me to go to her house to dinner. My mom forced me to go. I was wearing a purple tuxedo for some reason   and then.... THEY POISONED ME. I woke up before I actually died though...thats weird O.o
i had a dream wen i was at a park...but all u can see is the park...the floor n background was black.
i was in a hogwarts uniform n harry, hermoine n ron wer there. we were all running round away from werewolves plus waving our wands at the dementors sending off our expectro potronus charms...O.o random lol
Those are strange dreams... o_O
@Fallen_Arch_Angel Awwwwwwww! ;D
					
					

Awww i hav alot of thoes dreams like one time i feel asleep in my boyfriends bed cuz we wer relaxing after walking around all day.i dremt we were in this medow and we were running around and he grabbed me by.my waist and held me in the air and twirled around in a circle and we feel asleep. In the grass and we went to a store but it was getting robbed and this guy was gonna shoot meh  but he took the bullet for me and i held him in my arms and we.kissed for the first time and he came back 
good luck
i had a dream wen i was at a park...but all u can see is the park...the floor n background was black.i was in a hogwarts uniform n harry, hermoine n ron wer there. we were all running round away from werewolves plus waving our wands at the dementors sending off our expectro potronus charms...O.o random lolI have lots of Harry Potter dreams...and Lord of the Rings...and other stuff...
@xthesunonlysetsoncex I like your profile picture. =D
I CANT DO IT!!!! DX
WHY NOT?!?!?!? NEVER GIVE UP!!!! BE LIKE NIKE: JUST DO IT!!!!!!
					
					

I JUST CANT OK!!!
WHENEVER I TRY TALKING TO HIM I GET SO FREAKING SHY THAT I MIGHT SAY SOMETHING STUPID DX
WELL, MAKE A LIFESIZE CARDBOARD STAND OF HIM AND PRACTICE TALKING TO IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
					
					

That would be creepy o.O
and obsesive
XDDDDDDD SOOOOO?????????????????
-.-
-.-.-.
I GOT HIS NUMBER!!!!!!!! XD
@xthesunonlysetsoncex I like your profile picture. =DThanks   I like yours too
I GOT HIS NUMBER!!!!!!!! XDOMFG HOW?
We're both in a club and everyone there went to the football game and on the bus ride back to school I asked for his number and he gave it to me ^.^
We're both in a club and everyone there went to the football game and on the bus ride back to school I asked for his number and he gave it to me ^.^You just asked him, straight out?No hesitations?
Nope
... THEN HOW?!?!?!?!?1 I MUST KNOW THIS SECRET!!!!!!!!!!!
I just told him straight out without getting nervous and ask him like a friend
I keep having this dream where my crush is surrounded by people or monsters and i run to save him but I get there to late, and the people\monsters have torn him to shreds, so I kill a bunch of them but there's too many, so i end up shredded too.

It kinda sucks, to see that every night.
					
					

^ Damn...
I just told him straight out without getting nervous and ask him like a friendCONFIDENCE!
I keep getting dreams about him whenever Im knocked out sleeping at night

So weird how it happens :/
I rarely have dreams like this, but when I do...
aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!XOcraziest and most wonderful you ask?...aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh there's sssssssssssssssooooooooooo manyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!
Hmm this happens. A lot I dream of a guy I likeand I cant get my hand off of him kiss touch hug kiss ect ...It been getting worse lately ... maybe me just getting even more perverted. Idk T.T
I've been thinking im bi for a long time now but I live in a place were there's no one to try it out with, im a lil confused to be honest :-S
Well then...Uh, yu could be bi curious c: then
yes. bi-curious definatly...unless you've already begun seeing both sexes...theeeeeeeeeeennnnn that would be bi-sexual
Why does it matter really? Can't you just be okay with being yourself rather than having to be the label of your sexuality? I wouldn't worry about this stuff now. There's really no use in constantly questioning yourself. Just let what happens happen.
joooooooooooooooooooooosssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
i was really expecting you to talk about something Tranny related ;~;
Dont beg hon. Itll just hurt more when you get shut down everytime
ik I got the tranie Vibe too. Anyway. I'm bisexual and Ive liked chicks who didn't like girls and I got over because if your bi there are well over 6 billion people in the world....you'll find someone. XD
i'm bi. I wouldn't beg because that could drive someone away even further. Don't worry though you will find someone, i 'm sure of it
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...you should kiss all of them again
I've noticed in the way the world is now days your odd if you won't have, per say, a "fuck buddy" or somethin like that. Its honastly a turn off to me. I prefer to be in a relationship other wise it screws with my heart. What do you guys thingk?
I understand what your saying, I joke around and stuff with my close friends but never mean to feel anything like saying your my Fuck Buddy or anything. I don't know how to explain my emotions toward it, I guess people can be sexually attracted to someone and not have feelings but others take it to far with some of the things. :/ I have no idea if i made any sense or not but thats how I feel.... :/
You're far from odd not to have this...

While more and more people are obviously comfortable with it these days, I'm pretty sure the majority do still go for relationships (excluding one night stands which also don't count as fuck buddies). Considering your age I don't think you should be worrying about this too much just yet either.

Also I wouldn't sleep with someone unless I intended it to go somewhere or it was already somewhere either.
During all my life (not counting kissing or stuff like this) I had real sex (I was 19,5 when I had my first time) only with one person. I'm with him to this day so it was a good choice. I'm going to marry him one day even though it would be only a symbol of sth we already have. ^-^
btw. I post it cause I'm proud of it. I don't understand ppl who have sex all around or girls who think that being a virgin at the age of 16 means you're worse. I'd say exactly the opposite. What happens to world... ehh... I just wish all the ppl not to regret their chices in the future as I don't regret anything ^ ^
hmmmmm...relationship? fer some reason it makes sex feel...more mind-bottling
I appreciate any feedback, positive or negative at this point . . . preferably from another gay or bisexual! Love you all 
Maybe just happened you dated...a**holes.I've seen it happening a lot.
Overall its different no matter the gender you like , no matter the type you are.Everyone has problems with dating/love/relationship cause its not all rainbows and butterflies.

All though to think about it...some guys get really mad when they girlfriends are looking at other girls , cause you know the guy is wondering...''how to compete with that?''
Happened to me too , even though I did never confessed it I was kinda a little irritaded.
Happens it has nothing to do with bad luck
Hey I hav just had my heart broken by the only girl I hv ever officially fell in love with and hurts like a bitch
Same thing silent said doesn't matter what gender u date.....it's still the same bullshit
If you dated guys you aren't gay.

You're probably Bi, but I'm guessing you just want someone, rather than knowing what its like to have what you need.
Bi curious, Clearly
Yeah I agree with Thatguy
You've dated boys since 14, for about 3 years so I would acually think you're just straight. Yes you dated girl at 10-13 but given your age I doubt they were anything really serious at all, whereas somewhere between 14 and 17 it's much more likely. You could be bi, but I'd think you're straight.
Iiii doubt you're gay .
Or at least completely so .
Bi, possibly .
I like Tits that is the end
I think yer straight, you were just a kid when you dated girls
If you dated guys you aren't gay.You're probably Bi, but I'm guessing you just want someone, rather than knowing what its like to have what you need.I don't know, my manager is a raging homosexual and he used to be married to a female. It takes some people longer than others to fully settle into their sexuality.As for whether or not you are gay, only you will ever truly know who and what attracts you, so stop asking everyone else. It really couldn't matter less.
Dating at 10? Oh, I'm totally sure you knew what the hell you were doing.Nevertheless, here you go.
I like Tits that is the end ^This is the only answer.
BOOBIES. That is all.
So the other day I was having sex with this tree stump (I pretending it was Tom Hiddleston) and was blown away with this overwhelming feeling of despair. While I KNOW truly love Tom, I cannot help but fear this may never amount to anything more than a one-sided love afair.Have any of my fellow Hiddlesexuals ever had to similarly experience this daunting revelation?Pic related, it's me.
wait...huh??
whos Tom??
OMG! Whats so great about Tom! -___- i find NO attraction what so everrrr.
Becca would be all over this.

Do you have any tips on avoiding getting splinters?
^ that was random
What a terrible joke.
so ive been to a few mental hospitals and ive told people there that I'm bi-curious and they don't really bully me but they give me wierd looks and i think its just cause people in hospitals are kind of used to it but i don't know how my friends in actual life will take it, and i am especially scared of how my family will take it(a lot of them are catholic) some encouraging words would be greatly appreciated.
Well what I tell you is
Friends wise those who ate your true friends will accept you no matter what and would want you to be open with them.those who r like no fuck them cause they just being dumb like come onur not the only one like that stay strong
Your family idk wat to tell you except maybe start with the most open minded to that kind of things and then work on telling the rest of your family from there or the one you trust the most
If there your true friends there not going to stop being your friends just caues your bi/bicurious I sure if that help or not
thanks, ima try telling people
A lot of people are not going to appreciate the fact that you are bi-curious. Tell people who are close to you, the ones you trust. If you think your friends will totally blank you out, they're not friends. You don't want to tell the the people who will make your life a living hell. Don't announce it to your whole school, all your family, and just everyone you know. Tell people you TRUST; even if they're not in your family.
Well what I tell you isFriends wise those who ate your true friends will accept you no matter what This just in- Zombie's are the best friend material ever.
I'm more Lesbian then I am Bisexual.I know this doesn't matter, but the people that live next to me are lesbian and their just the cutest couple EVER!The girls are getting even more attractive and the guys? Well, I'm SUPER picky about that.I love knowing that only women and please each other so much better. Except I can never date any of my best friends...their like sisters to me(it's too weird).
Okay you seem very devoted to this so let me know when you find a full proof excuse to leave your girlfriend at home when you have a  "girls" night out.....
Do whhaaattt?
I don't have a girlfriend currently.
I used to, but idk she just broke it off.
But what I'm saying is I feel like I'm leaning more towards girls.
Guys? Yeah their cute, but they don't know what I truly want.
oh? I guess thats true. I never had that problem with a guy.... I hear about that alot... I must have broken some kind of female code by always telling a guy what I want or what i feel instead of making him guess about what I was really thinking or why I'm upset. But I guess If I say nothing they totally couldn't read into what I want. O.OIf I didn't have a boyfriend I would go for a female who loves herself more than she loves me.
So you made this thread just to say you're more this way.

Not a care was given, I see you like attention.

Though it's funny how you say women please each other better, lol.  It's easy when you compare vs a "typical guy" or otherwise lacking any information.
So you made this thread just to say you're more this way.Not a care was given, I see you like attention.Though it's funny how you say women please each other better, lol.  It's easy when you compare vs a "typical guy" or otherwise lacking any information.Excuse me?We're allowed to post what's on our minds no matter what. If you have a problem with this then tell this to EVERYONE else. Not just me.Everyday we read pointless threads, all the people want is our thoughts on the matter. Seriously don't bring crap like this up unless your letting other people know that there threads are pointless too. It's not nice.Plus most people on here have low self-esteem, all your doing is making it worse.I'm not saying this to be mean, I'm just letting you know that it's not nice(atleast to me it isn't).I hope we can get along though...
oh? I guess thats true. I never had that problem with a guy.... I hear about that alot... I must have broken some kind of female code by always telling a guy what I want or what i feel instead of making him guess about what I was really thinking or why I'm upset. But I guess If I say nothing they totally couldn't read into what I want. O.OIf I didn't have a boyfriend I would go for a female who loves herself more than she loves me.Lol alrighty then.And no that's not breaking a female code. Women are supposed to tell guys that.If you make them guess their gonna get it wrong, depending on who they are.
Excuse me?We're allowed to post what's on our minds no matter what. If you have a problem with this then tell this to EVERYONE else. Not just me.Everyday we read pointless threads, all the people want is our thoughts on the matter. Seriously don't bring crap like this up unless your letting other people know that there threads are pointless too. It's not nice.Plus most people on here have low self-esteem, all your doing is making it worse.I'm not saying this to be mean, I'm just letting you know that it's not nice(atleast to me it isn't).I hope we can get along though...It seems you knew directly after your post that you completely jumped on me without being able to think first.Sorry if I misunderstood your post.All I know is I found the beginning of it insulting.~TheFallenAlot of people don't like the truth or otherwise, so of course they're going to find it "insulting", welcome to the real world.
What do you mean she is "lacking information?" This was not something informative, It was her own personal taste.  Again what is it with you and smacking down on peoples sexuality?
What do you mean she is "lacking information?" This was not something informative, It was her own personal taste.  Again what is it with you and smacking down on peoples sexuality?If I was "smacking down" on peoples sexuality, it would be quite forward and harsh.The lacking information part pertaining to actual experience with guys, which would give a more clear idea of what we're dealing with and why.
Well thats the beauty of personal taste isn't it? They don't have to be backed up by facts or comparison because it's personal opinion.

I like nutella over peanut butter and I find nutella to be better on my toast... And I don't need some one telling me peanut butter is of a better taste and quality, That I should really go back to eating peanut butter and expirimenting with peanut butter again just to be sure I know what I'm talking about.

It just happens that I love nutella more and it's not as if i'm lying about it. So do people really have to tell me I lack information because i'm gonna be on team nutella?

You can tell me all about the facts of nutella, the ingredients. the calories, the many lawsuits on the nutella company, Evenwhen your right It will all just fly over my head because I just like how it taste. And I never really needed any proven facts to enjoy it at all. Same concept. :/
You're comparing foods against a sexual orientation/confusion/questioning, either way typically people like or dislike one thing or another for given reasons, including lack of experience or information, or even attempts themselves.
You cannot be more lesbian than bisexual. Sexuality is not pick'n'mix, you have one and you live with it. If you like guys AT ALL, even if incredibly picky, then you're not lesbian in the slightest. Not even 1% lesbian. Lesbian does not = liking other girls, lesbian requires you to find the opposite sex completely sexually unattractive as well as finding other girls sexually attractive. Just because you like other girls does not mean you can associate yourself with the lesbian sexuality, because you can't unless you sexually are uninterested in all men, period.
To Scribe: Scribe, I do not like you so stay away from my threads!You make Bender look like an innocent by stander with your every 'smack downs'So goodbye and leave my threads the fuck alone.To the rest:I give up! I try and simple out what I'm trying to say and I'm wrong. Goddamnit I do not care about the logical reason. If your going to try and correct me don't even post on anything I say. I do not like that about people.So shush up and deal with what I say.Do not even think about trying to correct me, the friend that kept corrected or telling me how I'm wrong is gone and I never have to hear his shit again.I'M MORE LESBIAN THEN I AM BISEXUAL!The End of this thread.
i told my parents i was biosexual last night and they freaked out on me is that normal.
yeah it's normal.... Parents can't see their children like that don't ask why because that's not a question I can answer but things will be weird for a few days...
You're biosexual? You're attracted to nature? o_____o
You're biosexual? You're attracted to nature? o_____oXD Nice!
ambien cr online pharmacy  Winston-Salem  and purchase ambien no prescription   is there a generic form of ambien  Worcester  FigFumpflum: Ambien may cause a severe allergic reaction. Stop taking Ambien and get emergency medical help if you have any of these signs of an allergic reaction: hives; difficulty breathing; swelling of your face, lips, tongue, or throat.  Another facts: ambien and methadone  Waddell  and ambien 25 mg  Waddington  This is the age of temper tantrums and other defiant behavior.  P.S. Sorry for selection category to leave a letter for men about ambien 10 mg  pharm
The title kind of explains.. Soo Im a girl and I don't know.. I've been confused about this since last year and maybe you guys can help. Well what I get confused about is when I see a cute girl in person I can go "Oh, she cute/hot." But I don't feel any sort of sexual attraction to them. But when I'm alone and I think about a girl then yeah, I am sexually attracted. I'm into guys either way. Also, if I am bi I don't know how I would come out to my family. We're Catholic and I don't know how they would react and it sort of terrifies me if they ever found out. Soo yes, this is what I want to figure out. Thanks for reading and helping 
Seriously, don't bother. Don't worry about it, don't make a big deal out of it. Because it's seriously not that important. AT ALL.

Technically speaking you can be considered bisexual if you are sexually attracted to the same sex, and only romantically attracted to the opposite sex, meaning you'd do stuff with girls and enjoy it, but never consider having a serious relationship with a female. 

Soon enough you'll learn that no one gives a poop what you like.
As the person above said, it's not important what so ever. More and more people are becoming Bi these days that it's just normal...
True but then again how many of us has told our parents?
Ur probably just curious for all u know,not everyone is bisexual persay some people just wonder how its like to be with a girl/guy n after that,that's when thy decide so don't stress about it....
I come from a catholic family and I am gay,never come put to them only three of my family members know the rest hint it out but never said nothing,it's prohibited in my culture but I am free spirited which makes me abut differernt....
If it helps you and ur really curious on finding out,get a girl,u don't hv to do much,just kiss her that's it then u'll probably hv a clue
you are bi-curious, you cant label until you test it out...
Ya im the same
I was masturbating and i dont wish to go into details and whilst rapidly masturbating i stuck something up their that may have been to big and since i havnt had sex yet i gathered hat i could 'pop my cherry' as the saying goes.. After i finished i notice a decent amount of blood around me and started freaking out.. What did i do? Can someone help me? And no it wasnt my time of month either.. -.- Please i desperately need help!! No criticism or judgment this is serious!!

...
Oh you poor dear, you're gonna die soon  


But seriously. duh .
If it makes you feel any better this is pretty common to happen and atleast it didn't happen while some Ass-hat shouted "pop goes the weasel!" as it ruptured...
(No I don't talk to him anymore... .')
...You'll be fine.
					
					

just once i would like to open a thread and not be weirded out ._. and you will be fine
Thankyou all i was fully freaking out and i didnt know where else to turn to..
If it makes you feel any better this is pretty common to happen and atleast it didn't happen while some Ass-hat shouted "pop goes the weasel!" as it ruptured...(No I don't talk to him anymore... .')Awwww! That sounds awful!! I had heard of 'popping my cherry' before but i hav masturbated plenty of times so i didnt think it was a threat..
Thankyou all i was fully freaking out and i didnt know where else to turn to..this may sounds incredibly stupid but did you try googling it? ._. google answers everything.
Yes, but i wanted personal advice and yea google pre much gave me the answer but i googled it after i saw these messages..
google knows everything :3 and yeah...you should be fine C:
So because we don't learn things from sex ed... It means our lives and survival depend on google...?  

*Rocks herself in the corner*

I'm so scared right now...

*Goes into fetal position*
haha  yea, whats happeneed to our gen.
					
					

Haha yea gettin advice from the elders is fine but not ex actually on this topic..
wow... umm go to the doctor? you will be suprised how common masturbation injuries occur (lets just say one of my testicles swelled up but after a week It wass back to normal) I think there is even a book of masturbation injuries maybe that may help?
Chicks bleed when something fat is forced up there bcuz the skin stretches...mayb u put it up there too roughly...

youll be fine but it might sting for a couple of days wen you pee cuz u stretched ur skin down there...dw iv done that b4 n iv bled a little...n it stings for a while after thou -__-
Am I the only girl who has never had a none human object in my personal area on this site..... I feel so..... innocent lolz
Haha thankyou!! Well i didnt think i could have caused an injury and its been more then a week so i survived  And your Aunt sounds very.. Interesting haha!
Google knows nothing. Google does not and never has given you any answers. Silly bears. Google is a search Engine, and simply points you where to go.
My aunt is very interesting for a very religiouse woman she has a lot of piercing she has more then me lolz and that's good and if we didn't have google then how would we know where to go to find what we looking for?
EvilActivity i am so sorry but that made my day that guy was a asshat so googluck
So my names chloe, and im bi and totally proud :]  I found out i was bi in seventh grade, but i didnt come out until my sophomore year (im a junior this year, so just last year).  I was teased and got basically attacked (physically) by my "friends".  My parents tell me daily im going to hell because im bi.  I cant help it.  Its who i am.  Its not like i chose to be bi.  So i cant change it.  It really makes me wanna hurt myself bad.  People make me think im a bad person for being bi.  Its so hard to explain to ignorant people that love is love, no matter who you love.  It really is awful that the world looks at gays and lesbians and bisexuals with disgust.  I dont understand.  I personally think its worse than racism at the moment.  One of the things that cuts me the most is the fact that gay marrige is not allowed in most states.  Its ridiculous and hurts me because the constitution says equal rights for everyone, but guess what?  Were getting fucked.  I want the right to be able to marry a beautiful girl, if thats who i end up with someday.  Its not fair or right or equal.  Its complete bullshit.  My best friend had to go get married to his bf far away from his home and family and friends, because its not allowed in his state.  He was really upset about that, and it upset me too.  But they are married and the happiest couple ever.  I think as long as youre happy, who you love and marry should not matter.  Amen fucking homophobe bastards.
					
					

I can relate to this  Im bisexual and fucking proud. i lost alot of friends ever since i came out  i get teased alot and it drives me fucking crazy i hate it ! Like seriously people should fucking stop discriminating against others sexual orientation ! I hate homophobic cunts =@ they really piss me off i reakon they should dig themselves a fucking hole and die
I really dont understand the world.  All i know people are stupid and ignorant.  We should have equal rights!!!
first off  i do agree that homosexuals are not to be judged by us, but i do not believe in gay marriage, mainly because marriage is not a public thing but a religous thing, and religion says no gay marriage so theres not alot the government can do because the first amendment gives free reign to the church, and there is a seperation between church and state, so even if the government wanted to make gay marriage legal it could not becasue the constituition prottects the church, and the church is not going to allow gay marriage, except in certain states that wanted to make money off of the gay marriages by taxing them. And the definition of marriage as it states i :The formal union of a man and a woman, typically recognized by law, by which they become husband and wife. so your screwed by both ends of the stick
Seriously all this fucking talk against GAY marriage is fucked up ! everyone should have equal rights because its not fair ! Homophobes should stop being fucking judgemental assholes and take a look at themselves in a fucking mirror because nobody's fucking perfect ! i think its really cute seeing a gay couple together ! Homophobes just dont see that love works in many ways  i support gay marriage because i myself is Bi-Sexual and if you have a fucking problem with it go fuck yourself because i am who i am im not standing back getting judged by my sexual orientation yeah ive lost alot of people because of it well there a bunch of dead beat judgemental morons  i hope some day GAY marriage will be legal everywhere because everyone deserves to be happy 

I can honestly say i dont fucking believe in god or any religion because its a load of bullshit to me  why believe in someone you cant see to me its pretty pathetic but thats my opinion and anyone that wants to try cram their religion down my throat can go fuck themselves
*hand palms face a second time today* did you not read what i just said? honestly the only thing you got out of that was...that!dios mios....cazzo...if you dont believe in religion then why the hell do you wanna get married?
*gets angry* Dumbass did i fucking say anything bout wanting to get fucking married you stupid fucking spastic NO i didnt so shut the fuck up 

BTW i dont speak spanish or whatever im Italian and Australian so speak english please
					
					

you want gay marriage yes? marriage is a religous ceremony, im not trying to get you angry, im just informing you as to why there is little to no gay marriage,
 and i said my god in italian because im trying to speak levely with you and you just ignore my general statement, and endofgreen do what you gotta do i respect you too
Im As calm as can possibly be!
maybe i did get a bit worked up . happens especially when i debate
Its alright, I Understand. Im the same way. I did get a bit worked up as well. And I understand we may all have different opinions on this subject but lets try to keep these debates on a somewhat respectful level. Would be Greatly appreciated.
Dude i dont give 2 fucks about marriage im fucking 16 for gods sake i wanna fucking live my life before even thinking about that stupid shit . But Gay couples should have the right to get married
Alright Punk seriously what the fuck is your problem?!.
Everyone has different views, everyone is a fucking individual so seriously stop trying to change what people think!!.

Every single post iv'e seen from you makes me so pissed off...
YOU NEED TO CALM THE FUCK DOWN BECAUSE I THINK EVERYONE IS GETTING QUITE SICK OF YOU!.

K i'm going to end this.
GOODBYE!
					
					

ive said my peace on the other topic
To Keep this thread remained open:  1) Stop with the Profanity! its getting way out of hand2) Lets Keep this at a Respectful Level Please! it would be Greatly Appreciated Anymore of this Nonsense and It will be CLOSED and and other Necessary Actions will be Taken If Necessary or if Admin Closes it Instead I have Taken a good look at this thread and Re-Evaluated all the posts that were made. Deleted all the Unnecessary Posts! But Please try and remain to keep this Debate/Discussion as respectful as possible! Thank You!
i personally think if two pple want to be together then there should not be anything said abt it.  also pple should not be judged by sexuality, its not a choice so pple need to fucking get over it and live their life the way they want to and not direct others
i do agree that people shouldn't be judged at all by there sexuality what does that got to do with anything. Can't people be friends with people and love you because they love being around you and having fun, not hate you because your gay, bi, lez. I love everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Really, if someone has an issue with what im saying please just message me.  Thank you.
i hope no one has a problem with what your saying. Your opinion matters. oh i am amber by the way, message me sometime if you ever need anyone to talk to. (just thought i would introduce myself  )
Regaurding religion; Unfortunately, the Bible was written by men living in a certain cultural context a very long time ago, and what they wrote was influenced by their society, their personal points of view, and the prevailing beliefs of the time.

Then, on top of that, of the 200+ books in existence, one of the popes personally decided which to keep and which to destroy forever. So the Bible has been heavily censored hundreds of years ago by men with political agendas, to say the least. Before that, much of it was passed down orally like a game of telephone for many years.

In summary, anyone who takes the Bible literally has no knowledge of it's history and how it came to be, or they wouldn't be so gullible.

That being said, if you're gay but still hypnotized by the threat of eternal punishment, which you believe because your parents and priests scared you when you were young and trusting... you need to have the courage to consider the fact that the beliefs you never really chose for yourself are wrong, or have the desire to live the rest of your life with a false identity and suffer the mental anguish.
So my names chloe, and im bi and totally proud :]  I found out i was bi in seventh grade, but i didnt come out until my sophomore year (im a junior this year, so just last year).  I was teased and got basically attacked (physically) by my "friends".  My parents tell me daily im going to hell because im bi.  I cant help it.  Its who i am.  Its not like i chose to be bi.  So i cant change it.  It really makes me wanna hurt myself bad.  People make me think im a bad person for being bi.  Its so hard to explain to ignorant people that love is love, no matter who you love.  It really is awful that the world looks at gays and lesbians and bisexuals with disgust.  I dont understand.  I personally think its worse than racism at the moment.  One of the things that cuts me the most is the fact that gay marrige is not allowed in most states.  Its ridiculous and hurts me because the constitution says equal rights for everyone, but guess what?  Were getting fucked.  I want the right to be able to marry a beautiful girl, if thats who i end up with someday.  Its not fair or right or equal.  Its complete bullshit.  My best friend had to go get married to his bf far away from his home and family and friends, because its not allowed in his state.  He was really upset about that, and it upset me too.  But they are married and the happiest couple ever.  I think as long as youre happy, who you love and marry should not matter.  Amen fucking homophobe bastards.They are no more ignorant than yourself, seeing as you are pretty much like the rest demanding that a Religious Ceremony be altered to be changed to your views and tastes, when the long-standing argument is "gay marriage" should be a civil union, and not be brought into a religious institution in which that is the reason why Church&State was made; you cannot force religion to accept something socially demanded by a group of people that can't even comprehend Church&State laws.  Though many people use it blindly to claim religion has no point in society/the USA, when in fact, the Country was made "One Nation Under God", though obviously things are still seperated otherwise.Major point being, you can't go around religion change anything just because of your demand.  That's complete ignorance.  The constitution was not made to give into the demands of every single living individual, that would create Chaos.Also it's nowhere near bad as racism has been whatsoever.  Were you made to be completely silent?  Given clothing falling apart of poor quality?  Kept in a shed with poor conditions?  Made to pick cotton or work on farms for basically nothing in exchange except being underfed and a small shed?  Forced to wear ankle bracelets, hands linked together in chains?  Whipped for speaking out, not working fast enough, or because they even claimed you did something wrong?  Beaten for looking at a person of another color?  Killed simply for interacting with another color?  Refused entry to almost everywhere because of skin color?  Been put in a school for blacks with the worst education in buildings falling apart with all materials and equipment doing the same?Hardly anything close to racism.  I love it when people as yourself attempt to say it was anything near as bad as racism, when this is a social issue, not a human rights issue.And the fact you turn around and immediatly attack them calling them "homophobe" really does nothing since you're just lsinging a word around, which you do not fully understand.  A Phobia is a fear, alot of people dislike or otherwise have engative views of gay people.  How many of them do you think actually "fear" gay people?   Little to none.
First of all, the bible doesn't allow gay marriages but many monks where actually gay. Althoug history denies it being gay in a monestary was quite common among it's residents although it was not to  be spoken of publicly. This is proven to be true by many journals kept by the monk and many letters that have been sent by one monk to another one. And these jornals and letters have been found in hiddenin secret compartments of the monks bedrooms.

Secon. i have met gay people and they are much more understanding and sincere then most ppl i know.
					
					

First of all, the bible doesn't allow gay marriages but many monks where actually gay. Althoug history denies it being gay in a monestary was quite common among it's residents although it was not to  be spoken of publicly. This is proven to be true by many journals kept by the monk and many letters that have been sent by one monk to another one. And these jornals and letters have been found in hiddenin secret compartments of the monks bedrooms.Secon. I think Bi and lesbian girls are very sexy. i have met gay people and they are much more understanding and sincere then most ppl i know.For someone sounding so very certain, you bring nothing to present to the discussion.  your second statement also clear bias, since you're basically just claiming gay people are more understanding and sincere, whereas you lack the understanding of pshchology to the point that you could tell if someone is sincere or not.
i think i know what you mean. but im simply stating a fact that even some holy men where gay and yet the bible forbiddes it.
as for the scond statement. i have met some gay people and they are much more sincere and understanding, they'r not as quick to judge. maybe because the know what it's like to be discriminated and they don't like it and try to be more understanding and acceptable twoards different people.

im sorry if i was a but confusing with y earlyer post
i think i know what you mean. but im simply stating a fact that even some holy men where gay and yet the bible forbiddes it.as for the scond statement. i have met some gay people and they are much more sincere and understanding, they'r not as quick to judge. maybe because the know what it's like to be discriminated and they don't like it and try to be more understanding and acceptable twoards different people.im sorry if i was a but confusing with y earlyer postAlot of people still try to do this/that and even hold positions of power to which they can attempt to change something ebcause they are the way you described.  It's been tried many times, always fails in the end.Anyone can claim to be discriminated these days based upon a disagreement of views, particualarly those against society.  Just because they claim they understand, or even look like they do, still does not necessarily mean so unless you can actually pick it up properly.
my dad told me i would like anything that liked me when he found out about me.... i felt loved 


Im As calm as can possibly be! RIGHT!!!! LOL me to
All the things wrong in this world... and female ejaculation is the one that perturbs you the most?Also, a rule of thumb -- If thy guys you're fucking don't know that females ejaculate... then you both were probably at an age where you shouldn't have been fucking.My 2c.
I think you're on the wrong site for this post. Js.
I think you make too many threads about weird things that silly teenagers don't care about. Are they not welcoming to you on other forums, too?
Js.
Most appropriate boner.
I'm posting on how students learn all they know about sex from school vs the facts that not all females even ejaculate and how men react to it if it finally did occur.

And you include this little nugget of idiocy? You attempt to belittle and pigeonhole me while I'm drawing out my expirience to share with people who are just starting this exact journey?

Heaven forefend we should actually BENEFIT from knowing all the things the sex ed system leaves out. Only someone so redundant would assume that students even care about the SCIENCE of sex. Let me tell you they don't.

I started having sex around the age of 18 coming right out of high school. Where did I get educated about sex? High school. Do you not see the sweeping pattern here? Of course because they did not teach this is school i'm to assume you personally learned about it in a porno? Some questionable japanese animations? Are you just to assume every one maturing sexually need have access to such content when they want to learn about the functions of the female anatomy?

Well excuse me for not resorting to watching squirt porn to educate myself just because the school system failed to teach us something thats not even critical yet is lacking in awareness and supposedly reaks of fetish banter or is taboo when the whole time it's a natural thing that comes to a fraction of females.
So go campaign for a revolution in sexual education. I'm sure the general public with take to that quite nicely. 


Seriously, we don't want to know about your sex life.
I'm posting on how students learn all they know about sex from school vs the facts that not all females even ejaculate and how men react to it if it finally did occur.And you include this little nugget of idiocy? You attempt to belittle and pigeonhole me while I'm drawing out my expirience to share with people who are just starting this exact journey?Heaven forefend we should actually BENEFIT from knowing all the things the sex ed system leaves out. Only someone so redundant would assume that students even care about the SCIENCE of sex. Let me tell you they don't.I started having sex around the age of 18 coming right out of high school. Where did I get educated about sex? High school. Do you not see the sweeping pattern here? Of course because they did not teach this is school i'm to assume you personally learned about it in a porno? Some questionable japanese animations? Are you just to assume every one maturing sexually need have access to such content when they want to learn about the functions of the female anatomy?Well excuse me for not resorting to watching squirt porn to educate myself just because the school system failed to teach us something thats not even critical yet is lacking in awareness and supposedly reaks of fetish banter or is taboo when the whole time it's a natural thing that comes to a fraction of females.Yet another disaster which could have been averted by watching squirt porn.A real shame.
					
					


I'm posting on how students learn all they know about sex from school vs the facts that not all females even ejaculate and how men react to it if it finally did occur.And you include this little nugget of idiocy? You attempt to belittle and pigeonhole me while I'm drawing out my expirience to share with people who are just starting this exact journey?Heaven forefend we should actually BENEFIT from knowing all the things the sex ed system leaves out. Only someone so redundant would assume that students even care about the SCIENCE of sex. Let me tell you they don't.I started having sex around the age of 18 coming right out of high school. Where did I get educated about sex? High school. Do you not see the sweeping pattern here? Of course because they did not teach this is school i'm to assume you personally learned about it in a porno? Some questionable japanese animations? Are you just to assume every one maturing sexually need have access to such content when they want to learn about the functions of the female anatomy?Well excuse me for not resorting to watching squirt porn to educate myself just because the school system failed to teach us something thats not even critical yet is lacking in awareness and supposedly reaks of fetish banter or is taboo when the whole time it's a natural thing that comes to a fraction of females.your sex ed is lacking you dont know us and you just said we watch porn i dont watch porn but sadly i watch you post sad very educationally and immorally wrong things good for you you waited tell you were 18 who cares take the advice of hitler and shut up because frankly i dont give a dam
your sex ed is lacking you dont know us and you just said we watch porn i dont watch porn but sadly i watch you post sad very educationally and immorally wrong things good for you you waited tell you were 18 who cares take the advice of hitler and shut up because frankly i dont give a dam
Oh, pardon me. I was unaware that my post is for your fucking convenience or that it's my obligation to please your eyes. 

Ok, you socially-retarded, inarticulate, seeking-sex-on-the-net kindergarten boys spaming my inbox. Paste hair to your hard drive and fuck it cause that's as close to a real woman as you're going to get.

 In anycase thanks for commenting on something and going out of your way for a post you "don't give a damn" about. Lots of people don't have anything interesting to share but they still keep thier mouths shut. You should consider trying it.

 I hope hell is wallpapered with hardcore porn and you'll get to spend all of eternity with your hands tied behind your back. I am never afraid to speak my mind no matter how uncomfortable people feel. Get off my dildo if you don't appreciate it.
Who in the hell do these jackasses think they are? I've put up with hundreds of them up and down the internet and they are all the same corrupt, power tripping assclowns. Did they forget this sub category is gender and  SEXUALITY?

People go to forums and chat rooms to say what they want have have their desired discussions and conversation, not to kiss your ass or mindlessly follow a stupid goody-good policy you sycophantically enforce (devoted to someone Else's policy are you? Maybe it's time for you loser trolls to GET A FUCKING LIFE.)

If you're going to provide a forum for communication, Allow freedom to do so. (It's called the first amendment, dipshits)
Now, now, Alive.... You know, when you openly mention the word troll, then you do so at the risk of attracting the nasty buggers. Then you and all my friends and guests will have to take care not to step in smelly troll droppings.
"wtf?"Did they forget this sub category is gender and  SEXUALITY?" yes sexuality not sex

"wtf?"If you're going to provide a forum for communication, Allow freedom to do so. (It's called the first amendment, dipshits) " they can say whatever they want too because of the first amendment. js

and EvilActivity you see to have something againt squirt porn. why would this be?
I guess this idiot see's it like this : "Since we're all just gonna say what we want (cause it's the first amendment) lets tell people what NOT to say and hinder thier rights to individuality and contradict that amendmet ourselves doing so! Infact lets not say it at all! Lets put up cheesy images because we lack the cranial fiber to string together two sentences to get out point across!"

Before you infiltrate your obvious ineptness into conversations you know nothing about with someone you know nothing about, maybe you should stop to think before you stick your foot so far into your mouth it comes out the other end.

To anyone interested in pornography or any other form of corporeal objectification: Go ahead. Look at pictures of naked women. Watch them fuck each other. Wish you were there with them. But don't ask me to approve because I won't. Go play knuckle shuckle on your onw time.
"I guess this idiot see's it like this : "Since we're all just gonna say what we want (cause it's the first amendment) lets tell people what NOT to say and hinder thier rights to individuality and contradict that amendmet ourselves doing so! Infact lets not say it at all! Lets put up cheesy images because we lack the cranial fiber to string together two sentences to get out point across!"" was this directed at me? if so do explain as i see no ligic in it.

"Before you infiltrate your obvious ineptness into conversations you know nothing about with someone you know nothing about, maybe you should stop to think before you stick your foot so far into your mouth it comes out the other end." in the first 6 words you wrote there i understood 3. and also maybe listen to your own words there 

"Go play knuckle shuckle on your onw time" what is this knuckle shukle game? /:|
I'm really sorry for the things I said in the past, Evilactivity. I didn't understand the struggle you went through. It must have been very rough buying that whole bag of Dum dums and only getting three watermelon flavors (which is your favorite). At least you got a good amount of green apples, though.
By the way, were most of the mysteries watermelon? I've been dying to know.
					
					

"To anyone interested in pornography or any other form of corporeal objectification: Go ahead. Look at pictures of naked women. Watch them fuck each other. Wish you were there with them. But don't ask me to approve because I won't."What's wrong with porn? ....and since when did anyone ask for your approval?
Still too tired to comment much.

Though I will note that alot of the USAs educational system is quite broken with focus on things that really shouldn't be focused on at all.
Still too tired to comment much.Though I will note that alot of the USAs educational system is quite broken with focus on things that really shouldn't be focused on at all.YES! YES! This is exactly what I was typing the other day!I guess this idiot see's it like this : "Since we're all just gonna say what we want (cause it's the first amendment) lets tell people what NOT to say and hinder thier rights to individuality and contradict that amendmet ourselves doing so! Infact lets not say it at all! Lets put up cheesy images because we lack the cranial fiber to string together two sentences to get out point across!"Before you infiltrate your obvious ineptness into conversations you know nothing about with someone you know nothing about, maybe you should stop to think before you stick your foot so far into your mouth it comes out the other end.To anyone interested in pornography or any other form of corporeal objectification: Go ahead. Look at pictures of naked women. Watch them fuck each other. Wish you were there with them. But don't ask me to approve because I won't. Go play knuckle shuckle on your onw time.See, this is where Scribe's point about the education system comes into play. You're quite obviously an entitled new-age female bitch (and no, the terms are not mutually exclusive anymore) who is the product of our flawed education system. It doesn't take reading more than two sentences of yours to understand this fact. But I can't blame you, as it's really not your fault.  Our education system takes little colored girls like you and gives them a free pass thereby allowing them to mature and baste in their blissful ignorance. Hell, they even build entire entitlement-driven ideologies around it.  Not to marginalize any of your accomplishments (whatever they may be) but the fact of the matter remains that whatever your position is now, you certainly didn't have a hand in earning even half of it. You've been taken by the flawed ideology of neo-feminism and this idea that you're somehow entitled to that which other have earned. Entitled to their admiration, entitled to have a system which genuflects to your woes and not those of the collective good.You seem to like to point out flaws in others which you have no possible way of knowing. Let's talk about ineptness. I get up and go to work every day. I work as a network and datacenter engineer. I have a car payment, I have rent, I pay for food, I pay for utilities. I did some internet recon and noticed that you live in what appears to be a shitheap. A room befitting a teenager at best. At worst, a petulant child. Why, oh why must you proceed to metaphorically flail about like a child having a tantrum? Have you not learned by the ripe age of 25 that this is not appropriate behavior in any venue? The internet used to have standards and honorable people. Now, it's gone to trash like you.In respect to "Cranial Fiber". I'm not sure you understand who it is you're speaking with. I'm not referring to myself, but to a few of the others in this thread who I know to be pretty quick witted and sharp. Why you have decided to cast not stones but boulders at them is beyond me. For some reason, your first response to criticism is to attack, not to mediate, reflect, or courteously rebut. That's not a good trait to have.In summation. What's the problem with corny pictures? You know they're worth a thousand words, right? Plus, pictures can often times be much more forgiving than the cold and unforgiving blandness of Arial.**I bet at this point a corny picture would have been preferred. Feel free to tell me how wrong I am. I await your response.**Get your fonts right, Zach. withlovefrombecca


i would just like to point out, every topic she has are super giant rants about something wrong in her life and shit. Did anyone ever just stop and think that she's just a attention hoar? cause thats all im getting atms. i think she would take bad comments and roll with it Just to have someone to talk to. though i do give her credit about typing long paragraphs and being brave enough to create idiot thread after idiot thread. Congrats. i still suggest she stops while she's ahead....i dont know if i should be saying 'you' or 'she'..whatevers..and honestly if you didnt care what people said you would not comment back with anger, hell you wouldnt comment back at all. I honestly think you are mentally ill tbh(i dont even fucking care if you're not. you seem it so you are. i need medical proof to prove that you're not but even then i bet i'll still doubt it) and must be under medds(or some shit. I just know something aint right in that head of yours..) 
I fear for your life tbh. remember there are suicide hotlines at hand whenever you need them. Do you have friends? if so how many?really must know.(and not someone from ep either, half them bitches mental to) 
and dont give meh your life story cause i dont fucking want to hear it. Just answer my questions and move on. Dont give meh the reason why or whatever cause i could care less. I would seriously scribble on your writing and say 'FUCK HER AND HER LIFE' 
anyways, i have really just been letting my mind roam and say everything i have been wanting to say. 
i honestly did not come here to 'hurt' your feelings or whatever. just voicing myself. 
Oh yeah, your revenge tatics suck ass bro. need to work on that shit. Ordering useless stuff for the mailman to carry? Seriously? come on now, think outside the box. Not in it. Just Egg Him and settle it. 
this was not just to This pointless thread but to all or most of them. 
anyways bye(i had a hard time choosing which thread to put this on )



just throwing this out there, when i first saw you i wanted you to be a tranny. YOU GAVE MEH FALSE HOPE!
*shakes head disapprovingly*

 This is probably the one time Evil is putting out her own insecurities just like everyone else and people are just biting her head of and sending hate mail that she's a sex freak... .'

At least she's not talking about hating her family, crying about lack of friends or questioning why the fuck she was even born. It's refreshing to see something thats not covered by 50 other people.
*shakes head disapprovingly*This is probably the one time Evil is putting out her own insecurities just like everyone else and people are just biting her head of and sending hate mail that she's a sex freak... .'At least she's not talking about hating her family, crying about lack of friends or questioning why the fuck she was even born. It's refreshing to see something thats not covered by 50 other people.You're completely missing the point. She's complaining about female masturbation LOL. To be honest, these days, it's hard not to know about female masturbation.
She's complaining about female masturbation? I only read that she wasn't aware of the possibilities and /normality of female ejaculation, well not normality but the uhh okayness?

Needless to say I kind of skipped over most of the comments because it's late/early and I'm waiting for my food to cook so I may have missed a few major points.

Interesting topic indeed, and I agree they didn't really educate anyone in our school on female ejaculation, but they also didn't dwell on male ejaculation much either.

I didn't learn much in sex ed at all, infact I realised how awful the educational system was and so took it upon myself to learn the things that they were lacking. Why didn't you look it up as soon as it happened? I would've just googled that shit. and it's kinky and strange because not every single woman can 'squirt' as easily as some, so it's unusual and somewhat sought-after.

I resent that people got pissed about her talking about her sex life as this is the gender and sexuality forum and she's talking about bodily functions that can concern some and could be useful information to various people. She didn't list every detail of her sexual ventures.

In future, your body does something weird? google it or go ask a medical professional instead of sitting about pondering/blaming others for your lack of knowledge. You don't learn much if you don't ask questions

Also, the reason they have sex education is to tell how reproduction works. It's not there to teach kids like how to have sex or all the things that could occur during.The reason they talk about male ejaculation is because its essential to making another human being, where as its female counterpart does not.
lolz someone has there "try hard pants" on
LOL WHERE DO YOU GET THIS SHIT
What the hell is wrong with you? Goddamn.
o.o *Shakes head* -.-
LOL WHERE DO YOU GET THIS SHITI got my places
Will you guys just leave it alone and quit being so rude? Seriously. My opinion is that she has every right to post things about this considering this forum is about Gender and Sexuality. Key word here guys, "SEXUALITY". I don't want anyone trolling on me here because this is just my opinion...
You realise you're telling people to leave it alone while bring it up again? No one had made a comment to this since July 29, and that usually means no one would have. Don't bring back subjects you want gone. :| And I'm not trolling you, so don't respond and say I am.
isn't sexuality different from sex? O.o
isn't sexuality different from sex? O.oUGHHH all I can say is I'm sorry for what I said. I guess some people didn't like it. I just had to express my opinion. I'm sorry that I guess I didn't make sense... This goes out to everyone who gave me -3 reputation. I don't expect it to go up but I'm sorry I don't make sense... -.-
UGHHH all I can say is I'm sorry for what I said. I guess some people didn't like it. I just had to express my opinion. I'm sorry that I guess I didn't make sense... This goes out to everyone who gave me -3 reputation. I don't expect it to go up but I'm sorry I don't make sense... -.-ok... just a little thing... that doesn't answer my fucking question  i dont care about your rep! ._.but come on getting -4 on a post is really funny. just not for you.
ok... just a little thing... that doesn't answer my fucking question  i dont care about your rep! ._.but come on getting -4 on a post is really funny. just not for you.I'm sorry I didn't answer your question and I know you don't care.. I'm just trying to get a point across. Sorry -.-
I got my places THAT IS SO CONCERNINGDo you go to Duncan? ;DD
everyone come's to me ;D





*for ;3
I'm sorry I didn't answer your question and I know you don't care.. I'm just trying to get a point across. Sorry -.-What point would that be exactly?
UGHHH all I can say is I'm sorry for what I said. I guess some people didn't like it. I just had to express my opinion. I'm sorry that I guess I didn't make sense... This goes out to everyone who gave me -3 reputation. I don't expect it to go up but I'm sorry I don't make sense... -.-Make that a -4.
Wearing a rage face shirt deserves to get all the down votes it can get.
					
					

THAT IS SO CONCERNINGDo you go to Duncan? ;DDno.....
Will you guys just leave it alone and quit being so rude? Seriously. My opinion is that she has every right to post things about this considering this forum is about Gender and Sexuality. Key word here guys, "SEXUALITY". I don't want anyone trolling on me here because this is just my opinion... In all reality my replies and a majority of everyone else's haven't been completely about the post itself. Let me give you a taste, "And you include this little nugget of idiocy?"Simply replying to people in such a manner, as if everyone here is idiots, is what gets everyone "so rude". I haven't seen one response with a decent level of maturity. Talking down to everyone doesn't get somebody far on a forum, or anywhere.You get what you give.You're right in the fact she can post here, and I guess it would be the right section to do so. I don't see why everyone jumped on you harshly to be honest. But Mickey did have a point, the thread was dead and now it lives even if I want it dead by fire.
My friend Dani, AKA succubus, thinks you are pretty and wants me to learn sex ed from you, an idea I find repulsive at best.
^ ohh lol
Thread made sense... It wasn't an X rated thing it was about education or lack of it.Visitors taking the thread and rubbing it all over themselves for thier own idiot agenda and attention grabbing is pretty redundant though. Emopunk 240 thats a perfect name for you. You are a punk and you hate the "stoopid" ahem it's spelled STUPID womenYou totally know she is not even looking at this anymore. Go say it to her face, coward. But then you are an Emo punk after all....
My friend Dani, AKA succubus, thinks you are pretty and wants me to learn sex ed from you, an idea I find repulsive at best.
Oh my god lmao
Isn't there a rule about No Spamming?
Getting back to the subject.
1) Why are people so mean to EvilActivity? Don't we all get made fun of enough to know how it hurts others? I mean honestly, we don't like getting bullied, but then again we're no better. Just saying. Don't get angry at me for speaking the truth or for how I think.
2) Sex Ed isn't required in the school I went to. I took Early Childhood Education and learned that way.(Then again I saw a woman giving birth to a blue baby(all babies come out light blue, once they breath air they get our skin tones))
To me: Men and Women ejaculation is known where I live. Teenagers have been learning from porn, sad to say.
Well i like both. sometimes i like girls and boys. sometimes more than the other
I'm not sure if I'm considered bisexual or pansexual. I know for sure I'm not straight. xDDD I'm attracted to men, women, men who crossdress, and people who are transgender. I'm not sure if that's considered pansexual or not because I kind of have high standards. v.v;

Help would be highly appreciated~! n.n
Just because you have high standards doesn't make you not pan sexual. Pansexual doesn't mean desperate, it means that you're attracted to anyone. In my opinion there shouldn't be such a thing as straight, as long as you love a person then it shouldn't matter the gender. It's what's on the inside no the outside.
Being attracted to people regardless of their gender or lack there of is pansexual. 
You're still young though, and it's not exactly a big deal at all so don't worry about it.
I really appreciate it, guys. :3 You helped me to get my thoughts in order.
okay so i really wanna come out the closet to my step sister and step mom but the one thing that stands in the way is that they are really religious and i dont want to be treated any other way when im around them. any idea's should i tell them or shouldnt i tell them i dont know what to do.
tell them and explain to them that its who u r and that u dont want them to treat u any differently then wat they are doing now...
well theres also another problem to that me and my step sister is the best of friends right now
Well if they love you and truly care about you, nothing should change. I dont care if they are religious or not. Shouldn't change their opinion about you. Yeah maybe they will have some trouble accepting it at first but after a while it should go back to normal. Nothing should really change. I came out to my family as well but at a pansexual. My family is very very religious. They attend every church service and/or church event. But anyways they dont treat me any different really. But it is against their belief system so their reaction can go either way. So if you do decide to come out just be prepared for either reaction and/or response once you tell them. But the sooner you come out the better it will be on yourself a bit at least. Then you can show people who you truly are without being afraid. But anyways Good luck c:
					
					

It's family, they should understand. Just stay strong!
I have the same issue. Hopefully your family will accept you as you. I bid thee good luck and I hope for the best for you
thank you all you you, i already came out top my sister   she took it well. hopefully i get to tell my mom soon and then i will tell my dad either in person or over the phone and i dont know about my step mom and step sister i'll find something out when that time comes. thank you very much.
have faith in who you are, dont let them change you
I think you should tell them, It's who you are, don't hide it. If they can't accept it, don't worry, they'll come arround in time.
Stuff like this takes strength to do and for some, strength to accept.
Just be yourself.
im a strong christian, and one of my friends came out to me and i accepted him for who he is because he was my friend and i wasnt gonna judge him. if your step mom and step sister judge you, thats their problem not yours. they shouldnt judge you at all.. thats not how a christian should be (not sure what religion they are, but christianity is one of the more common lol)
Since you've told your sister, you've inspired me to tell my family. 

of course, I don't know if I will, but you've brought me some courage
Trust me, It's not harder then you think it is. But because your step mom and step sister are religious may mean it could also just tak time for them to get use to it or they could accept it right from the start. You never know how they are gonna act. Before you even come out to them, ask them about their opinion of gays, lesbians, and bisexual people, and then tell them. I haven't come out to my parents yet but it's only because I know them and they will think that I am not old enough to decide yet, and they are the type of parents that would have to get use to it, because my sister is lesbian, so it does make it a bit easier for me. But you really never know how they will react, they could not like it at all but tell them who you really are and that you're not one of those stereotypes they see you as if they do react this way. They will love you no matter what. You see parents kick their kids out for being gay but they still love them deep down. It also makes it a lot easier if you have a friend there who has been supporting you all this time so they see that people do care about you, not saying no one would but, its just easier. You will be fine and no matter how they react its all happened before to other people and they handled it fine.
Since you've told your sister, you've inspired me to tell my family.of course, I don't know if I will, but you've brought me some courage just take it slow, you can do this tou will feel much better if you start with siblings and go from there, stay stronger im always here if you need me.Trust me, It's not harder then you think it is. But because your step mom and step sister are religious may mean it could also just tak time for them to get use to it or they could accept it right from the start. You never know how they are gonna act. Before you even come out to them, ask them about their opinion of gays, lesbians, and bisexual people, and then tell them. I haven't come out to my parents yet but it's only because I know them and they will think that I am not old enough to decide yet, and they are the type of parents that would have to get use to it, because my sister is lesbian, so it does make it a bit easier for me. But you really never know how they will react, they could not like it at all but tell them who you really are and that you're not one of those stereotypes they see you as if they do react this way. They will love you no matter what. You see parents kick their kids out for being gay but they still love them deep down. It also makes it a lot easier if you have a friend there who has been supporting you all this time so they see that people do care about you, not saying no one would but, its just easier. You will be fine and no matter how they react its all happened before to other people and they handled it fine. yeah thats what i did for my sister like i got onto the topic and then i just told her, it made me feel really good having them know. and theres a problem with having a friend with me when i tell my dad because he live's in virginia and i dont know if he's coming up to see me and my siblings i could try having a friend with me, because i would really love my bestest friend nicole if she came with me tell my dad. but for my mom im just gonna tell her my self when were both alone and i feel comfortable.im a strong christian, and one of my friends came out to me and i accepted him for who he is because he was my friend and i wasnt gonna judge him. if your step mom and step sister judge you, thats their problem not yours. they shouldnt judge you at all.. thats not how a christian should be (not sure what religion they are, but christianity is one of the more common lol) yeah they are christian lol and okay.I think you should tell them, It's who you are, don't hide it. If they can't accept it, don't worry, they'll come arround in time.Stuff like this takes strength to do and for some, strength to accept.Just be yourself. okay i will its just gonna take off a lot of stress of my life.have faith in who you are, dont let them change you thank you i will try.
I'm sure my mother would pound me to death and then resurrect me just to kill me again. Good luck on that.
Honestly, it dosn't matter what sexuality u are. If people don't like u for who u are, they can go screw themselves. U are who you are and you shouldn't let anyone judge you for what you are. If their your real friends, they'll be there to support you no matter what. So stay confident. Don't let ANYONE put you down. And be yourself. Because if you act like a different person just be because you want someone to like you or be your friend, odds are, they wont like you because your pretending to be someone your not. Stay true to yourself. Its ok to have some flaws. No ones perfect. But don't beat yourself up because your not perfect. Your BEAUTIFUL the way you are. And if you like someone, but that person dosnt like you, 'dont worry about it because someone better will come along. And you'll love them even more.
so true
Ty.
me and all of my friends that are girls(except one apparently) became friends with each other cuz we all had a crush on each other so yeah my friends are okie with me being bi....my family isnt tho.
U should try and talk to your parents. They may not like what you have to say, but eventually they will accept it. Even if it takes 20 years. And if they try to ignore it or walk away, don't get mad and do something crazy. Just wait. And when all of u are out eating or watching a movie, tell them that if they don't listen to you, it will always just came back. Tell them that they can't avoid it. Just don't get to pushy with them. Things will work out. And if they still refuse to listen, go to a person you trust to help u. Things will work out. Just keep it head high.
true
SOOOO TRUE!!!
Thank u. 
I realised that I was bisexual when I was in 6th grade with my friend I mean I did experiment with my friend before then but we were kids lolz does that even count? Anyway I know who I am and I love myself. I love everyone.
I'm a male and i might be bi cuz i know when a guy is hott but i would never want to have sex with a guy or even hug a guy, unless if it were my dad because he's dead and i havent seen him in 5 years, but anyways i can always tell if a guy is sexy, hott, cute etc. could i be bi?
You're not bi. You're not different. This is entirely normal.
your not bi
and i kinda also wanna have sex with Skrillex...
but Skrillex is sexxy!!!
you're not bi unless ur attracted 2 a guy physically/sexually. either way ur feelings r totally natural
NARTH is the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality. It is a religion-based organization dedicated to "curing" homosexuality. Children as young as three are accepted, if they show effeminate behavior, such as wearing girly clothes, or playing with dolls. Parents actually allow their young children to be subjected to this therapy. People who complete the program are called "Ex-Gays" and are deemed "cured" of their homosexuality. The "Ex-Gays" usually suffer from depression after finishing treatment. Some who have come out despite the therapy say the psychiatrists were cruel towards them, making them feel worthless. Some have committed suicide, or lived through pain and suffering after years of repressing their gay identity.

Personally, this astounds and saddens me, that people could be so naive and cruel. For more info go to www.truthwinsout.org or www.narth.com , or youtube TWO or NARTH or Ex-Gay

Sorry about the typo in the title, idk how to fix it.
					
					

thats fucked up! .

Sorry to say but if people didn't want it, then the organisation would lack funding and no longer exist. People here might find this entire idea horrible but clearly there are also people who believe the opposite. This therapy is optional (assuming to the parent, who does have parental rights over you as much as you may wish to argue you deserve to make choices. This is a separate debate) and is formed from the foundations of both religious and scientific beliefs, yes for once the two agree that human, along with other animals, are made to reproduce which is naturally a heterosexual endeavour. People from either background can claim that someone who does not have this element to their being is sick, or wrong and is defying their purpose, either in line with religion, science or both.

Do I agree with this personally? I don't honestly care whether the organisation exists as long as it isn't compulsory or forced on the gay populace. Do I believe children should be forced to go by parents? No, but that is a debate over parental rights, ethics, morals and your right to make your own decisions which is an entirely different debate as stated above. The issue is not the organisation existing, it is the customers.
I understand it's the parents right, but so many kids have been emotionally scarred because of this. I just think it's terrible. Some people in my own family would be willing to do this to me to "fix" me. When I saw the videos that some of the people who went through it, I cried. They were really hurt by this. Even the APA says the treatment causes mental and emotional trauma and depression. I do have the right to be upset about this, just as the parents have the right to put their children through this. Also, read about some of the methods used, like neglect from the parents for effeminate behavior, or masculine behavior for girls. All this is just really upsetting to me. I'm sorry if you think I was being unreasonable.
I watched a documentary on this, and I cried thru the entire thing
					
					

Another organization mainly targeting teens was Love In Action. The documentary This Is What Love In Action Looks Like is on Netflix if u want to watch it. LIA shut down last year due to protests because teens were being forced to go there against their will, and the ministry suffered lawsuits from the state of Tennessee, where the ministry was based.
FUCK NARTH!!!!! You cannot be "cured" of homosexuality because it's not a disease.You are born gay,straight, lesbo, bi ect ect. NARTH is a terrible movement and I am 100% against them
Sorry to say but if people didn't want it, then the organisation would lack funding and no longer exist. People here might find this entire idea horrible but clearly there are also people who believe the opposite. This therapy is optional (assuming to the parent, who does have parental rights over you as much as you may wish to argue you deserve to make choices. This is a separate debate) and is formed from the foundations of both religious and scientific beliefs, yes for once the two agree that human, along with other animals, are made to reproduce which is naturally a heterosexual endeavour. People from either background can claim that someone who does not have this element to their being is sick, or wrong and is defying their purpose, either in line with religion, science or both.Do I agree with this personally? I don't honestly care whether the organisation exists as long as it isn't compulsory or forced on the gay populace. Do I believe children should be forced to go by parents? No, but that is a debate over parental rights, ethics, morals and your right to make your own decisions which is an entirely different debate as stated above. The issue is not the organisation existing, it is the customers. I agree but to nearly beat homosexuality out of someone is I think wrong and some religons do more harm than good like the crusades and native american slaves
I actually knew I was bisexual ever since i was in primary,always hung out with the boys and practically a boy myself
Teachers had a feeling i was lesbian and was begged to change
Wasn't happy but i started hanging out with the girls and felt weird around them
Went to a point where i had a crush on this older girl
I never accepted it tho till i was 13
Really wanted to but never came out because if the society I lived in 
when I turned 14,was open to my bestfriend who was bi-curious then 
Two year later i fell inlove with the most amazing girl
And OMG do i wanna shout out to the whole world...
We started off as bestfriends,she was dating someone else by then
But now i am the most happiest gay person ever,
I am happy i am out and i wouldn't change it
Most of my friends know,majority support it and are happy for me
She is the most amazing girl you will ever find in this world and i love her to bits
She is the reason i am out,open and proud of my sexuality
awwww yay good for you! 
You knew in primary? considering no one actually knows until or after pubity
You knew in primary? considering no one actually knows until or after pubity*raises hand slowly* well that's not necessarily true...I knew way before puberty because well *I haven't even hit puberty yet :}*
You knew in primary? considering no one actually knows until or after pubityAnd how would you know? You're gonna find out no matter what before or after.
And how would you know? You're gonna find out no matter what before or after.Technically speaking, signs of gender discomfort or homosexuality can come out during childhood, I've got quite a few friends whose parents knew they'd turn out gay before the kids did, one of them's now saving up for a sex change.
I knew before puberty...
didn't bother with it
but felt awkwardly uncomfortable when i started accepting it...
I need some help on what to do. schools starting up for me again and now that i have earrings and colored hair everyone thinks I'm gay (witch is half right) but its besides the point what im trying to say is that everyone in my school acts like they're still 12 and its driving me nuts and once again they all have one track minds and when i try to talk about the subject eveyone thinks im gay then. im lucky theres one person who is also bi at my school
I have bright ass(k) purple hair hon. haha. I'm bisexual and I honestly don't care what everyone else thinks. You just have to be yourself and screw what everyone else thinks. If you EVER need any advice or just a hug...let me know. I'm here for everyone I can be.
Ahem look at me you don't think I get bullied for being gay!? well I do...and there's not much I can do about it so I just learn to ignore it. If that becomes TMTH then just kick some butt if anyone makes fun of you :c
ik that much i just wanted to know that there's other people that are in my situation and that someone else is in a school full of pricks
You should pity them, they sound like they have thier Abercrombie so far up thier Fitch that they just don't have a clue.
haha good one
Last summer My bestfriend Bunny asked me if i ever kissed a girl. I told her i haven't. She has but she wanted me to try it with her at first I said no. But she begged me to she wanted me to experience the addicting taste of bisexuality. I agreed.  and pinned me against the shed and kissed me.  As soon as hersoft delicious  lips touched mine that was  it I melted and I was caught. But now supposedly she's straight but we mess around all the time, Eversince she kissed me I was up for the chase of girls too.
My bestfriend showed me i was bi-sexual =) my bestfriend and I even dated for a while
u still wit her?
Yeh i am  she makes me happy  i love her more then anything
awww thats awsome im so happy 4 u guys  
I wish i was happy ='( She decided to break it off,, so now im single and looking for someone to either have a relationship with or friendship with =( Cant believe she broke my heart 
Don't worry that happened to me too. ^^ Women can be so controlling
im over people saying the love you and dont mean it ! it pisses me off
im so sorry sweetheart im not tryin to take advantage of ur situatuion so tell ya what talk to me if want wen ur down ill be hear to listen 4 ya cuz rite now seems like u just need a good friend ok
Thaanks heaaps sweetie
anytime sweetheart if u wanna talk email  me k  i kno wat ur goin thru and who knos what ever happens happens
Well im slowly moving on  trying to be happier
well u deserve hapiness thats how a pretty young thang like u should be trust me there are better people and im not tryin to diss your bestfriend but sweetheart her loss u deserve betta
i guess so she did mean alot to me
ik it hurts but evrythin has 2 go bad b4 it can go rite
ive had enough of heartbreak ! im through with depression ='(
hi people
hey
Hey there XxXMORDIS_HOWELLXxX
XxSweetPoisionedAngelXx i love you babygirl xoxo
Tiffy_Baby_Makesyouscream i adore u Gorgeous angel 
^^ XxSweetPoisionedAngelXx   im soo sorry babe i miss youu im so fucked up and stupid for choosing to break up wit chuu cuz now i miss you like fucking crazy
i miss u 2 baby i still love u
I still love you too im just scared il fuck up the relationship thats why i kinda freaked and snapped ='(
me 2 but honestly i still love u and still want to be with u and if u wrry about fuckin up somehow u will so dnt live in the moment and enjoy  its okay honestly i got that way wit my ex i understand now and i kinda do the samething
okaay then
wat is the okay to ?
i have no idea i just dont know what to write
well goodye sweetheart i love u talk to u tommorow
yeh okaay then
awhhh  cute 
Right if you think so
my best friend made me realize i was in love with her after she kissed me and moved. now i wish i had the chance to make her happy. but im over it. my next lucky person will b that one.
my ex best friend made me realize im bi also then she fucked me over
Awwwhs that sucks that your friend fucked you over  if you need a friend to talk to im here
i think i'm bi, at the least, bi curious
I'm bi
And I'm freaking proud of it
:3
woo, stand proud, stand strong, and kick homophobes on their fat fucking asses
woo, stand proud, stand strong, and kick homophobes on their fat fucking assesaha i soooo totally agree with you baby  Bi-sexuals FTW ^_-
my mate and i were messin round and i accidently kissed her. i realised tha i really liked it she found it really weird and awkward. a year l8r i finilly admit to my friends and my self that im bi. she hated me for it but once she realised i wasnt a preditor we were ok and r now better than eva.
('*')  
im a bi-curious my god-sister turned me bi
nd eva since then i'd been playing around wit girls but then i stopped playing with girls in 5th grade but i still get the urge to play somemore
OMG my best friend and i were like this, she would play with my legs under the desk at school and one day we were walking home i just starting hooking up with her n.n
im so sorry Robin emo bitch about  ur loss  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, and im happy that u guys can relate if any of u need to talk im here for all 
Almost the same thing happened to me. It happened during a summer a while ago but ever since then we've still been besties and i'm glad I have a friend as awesome as her
exactly same thing happened to me but now im just lesbian
Well if you think your up for it go with it i was in questioning then a lovely best friend gave me a test and said she was muckin round and i hav that carving ever since
I was questioning too than a wonderfriend, told e she wanted to experiment....and now here i am
haha well i didnt know u still thought that way
of course I did.
Well, for me, my bestie and I kissed at a birthday party, as an experiment for her, that I agreed too, She liked me for a bit, I was gonna come to my friend and say that I really liked her, but she got a boyfriend and now I'm fucked. T.T
Well if you two still fool around shes not straight xD lol . But thats a cute story =P . I discoverd I was Bi just gradually over time with different events.
xD i learned i was bi when i was about 13...
Well if you two still fool around shes not straight xD lol . But thats a cute story =P . I discoverd I was Bi just gradually over time with different events.i know she's no straight, thats for sure, im just annoye. i always get fucked around. and yes it is a cute story...thankyou
xo  nawwww! babe i didnt think u still thought about me like that. xox i really liked u and i was about to tell u i liked u but now here i am a week into this relationship i love him nd i asked him if it was ohkay to experiment with u but i realised that that would be playin around with ur emotions.. but hes fine with it but i realised that that would be morally wrong. xox
I always thought about you like that. xo  and yeah you're right. experimenting would just fuck around with my emotions, because i'd want you more, but you would be with him. But it wouldn't be to morally wrong, after all he did say could. So we could play around a bit. I love you Elbakcil xoxo
I fuckin love you too but im still not sure he said hes fine with it as long as he gets to watch
That's disturbing but I dn't care, I jus love you so much
yet things change..
What do you mean babe? I don't get it, that could mean anything.
well we dont mess around anymore we stoped last summer  and I realized i just dont hav romantic affections for guys now im just lez haha self discovery takes forever LESBIAN Bitchezz 
I use this account to ask questions that I'm too embarrassed about: Okie... So.... I think I may be Bi. I'm pretty sure I am... I've only told one person who was my best friend, now we don't talk to eachother.. (not because I told her I may be bi). I'm only 13 and some people would say its just a faze..... But idk. I don't feel like I can tell anybody else. Help?
I'm bi, i have been since i was 12 and i didn't know either, i thought i was just confused.
I know how you feel, but chances are, if you you're attracted to both male and female, you are bi.
:L I have the same problem... I cant tell if Im attracted to boys or girls at all? I just dont feel attraction at all....
I'm bi, i have been since i was 12 and i didn't know either, i thought i was just confused.I know how you feel, but chances are, if you you're attracted to both male and female, you are bi.We had a solution to this back in my day. It was called Catholic school.Also, MFW 12 year old thinking they're anywhere close to knowing anything about the real world let alone themselves: /thread
i mean if you think you are you probably are. sometimes theres no denining it. if you like girls and boys . tell someone when the time is right if your not
 sure your best intention is to keep quiet.
sometimes it dicuses me but sometime i wish to kiss a girl..idk
Same thing with me alittle.
I have told my sister about it but i really want to tell my mom before something happenes which it already has.... My sister actdentally told my Mother that im Bisexual and she said she didnt care but i think theres somethin fishy when my sister told my mother like my mother didnt believe my sister(I wasnt in the car when my sister told my mother.) I dont know what to do. Should i just girl up and tell my mother? or what?
Good luck
Here. I'll explain all of this with a simple video.
Its ur family, they love u and they shudnt care bout ur sexuality...
tell ur mum urself, explain to her how ur bi 
good luck xD
you should just tell your mum ^-^ she should support you no matter what cause she is your mother, all your family should support you and its who you are so they should accept you for who you are

good luck :3
Best of luck 
Coming out can be nerve-wracking, but once you're out, you feel so much better 
They're your family, and they'll always love you.
honestly, what I would have done is left a note on the counter, and make a run for it.
But I'm a freak, and that's probably not the best way to go.
Yeah, you should just Girl up and tell them.
It's love, and all love is beautiful, and if they can't except that, no offense, they're not very good parents.
And even know you're stressing over it now, once you tell them you'll feel SOOOOO much better. Trust me.
Just do it. They can't do anything to you.
"Aren't you upset?"
"No, we're good."
Made me laugh my ass off.

Back on topic. I didn't really tell my family, but my mother is a Facebook stalker so. She pulls it out in front of people to make it negative. It's really whatever you make out of it though.
please help me i just recently (today) got cheated on and i feel horrible so badly.. i trusted her and i was one of her only friends and iv been with her thro everything and this is how she repays me? Who should i be more angry at? Iv decided that im much more angry at him but im not forgiving her.. I really dont know what to do i am so upset that either of them would do this to me! PLEASE HELP!
It sucks getting backstabbed... it really does. All I can say personally is I hope you make it through this. Best of luck to you. I wish I could help you, I really do...
Shit...I wouldn't forgive them either but did you ask them why the hell they did that to you?
Well iv talked more and he aparently felt as if i wasnt spendin enough time with him (which i spent 24 hours with) but most time i had friends around.. which after we broke up i found out he didnt like. And i dont really know why she did  but she didnt tell me cus she thought he should and he didnt tell me cus he thought it was the right thing cus ild get upset..
Yeah I hang out with my Penguin 24-7 with friends family or alone.
To my thinking he is being selfish...I don't know I need more on this subject before I can give my opinion or advice.
Ive got cheated on too :'(
I thought he loved me but he fucking lied!!!!
so yeah I dumped him
Yeah I hang out with my Penguin 24-7 with friends family or alone.To my thinking he is being selfish...I don't know I need more on this subject before I can give my opinion or advice.I know what you mean. iv never been cheated on before and i hav bad self esteem issues so this didnt help..
I know what you mean. iv never been cheated on before and i hav bad self esteem issues so this didnt help.. I completely understand that.My self-esteem is still n the low.I still say he was being selfish...Sorry but like if Penguin ever did that to me I wouldn't be able to handle it...last time I thought something was up no one could stop me from bawling until he came up and told me himself nothing happened and I believed him because 10 others were saying the same thing...but since you actually seen ours cheat well I don't know, but don't let your self-esteem issues tell you that he's the only one who noticed you. Don't let them say "go back go back...he's the only one who does love you" cause that is straight up bull. Penguin told me that if he didn't ask me out others would have and that most guys do cheated me out. I'm beating the same deal is for you hun.
Awhz that sucks. Ive been cheated on twice, it hurts a lot. Same thing with being Back stabbed. 
Pain, You cant get away from it. Best thing to do is wish for the best. 
Although you hurt now, realize several things. There were obviously problems in the relationship.  She should have discussed these issues with you even if it was just that she was not ready to commit. Now that things are in the open, don't blame yourself.  She wasn't mature enough to communicate with you so move on. I know it hurts, but you need people in your life who care and repect you, not giving lip service. Talk is cheap and their actions have spoken volumes. Hold your head up high and give yourself the repect they didn't.
Well turns out me and him dont talk but i ended up getting over him and she went and did the same to another relationship yesterday and broke them up.. They both wernt worth trusting in the first place.
But thankyou for your advice it did help!! xo
I know how you feel, my only friends from school, don't even care or try to talk to me anymore and I've been really depressed lately. Whenever I try to have feelings for people, they just throw me away like I'm nothing to them and I've been in tears multiple times because of it :''(

But I'm always here for people :")
Well i told my sister i was "bi" and asked her if i should tell mom and is she ok with it...She just laugh and and said don't be like that i told her i can't help it and im scared of what mom well think of me what should i do? My sister told not to tell her and don't turn that way i still like guy's and im liking girl's as well.... Or should i not tell i need somebody to tell me what to do...      Scared to tell my family
dont worry about it im having the same problem telling my family, i've already told my sister and she said she was cool with it and then she ask my mom what she thinks of bi's and gay people and my mom said she was open minded and all i have to do is get the courage to tell my mom... basicly what im saying is dont be scared i know its scary at first but once you tell them you'll feel better, and your her daughter she'll love you no matter what.  my trick to telling people about my sexual orentation is start out in a normal conversation and then get to the topic of gay's, bi's and gay pride if they say something like "oh im open minded" or something in the matter of that they'll be okay with you being bi. but if they dont then it might be best to wait or not tell at all. i hope i helped you, and good luck!
im here if you need anything i'll do my best to help.
don't be scared just tell it when ur ready for it
just tell them...ur parents shud luv u no matter wat ur sexuality is
i got bullied alot for it ):
Go See a Doctor
If it didn't help, Ask His Majesty (his username is Revolution777) for help.
If it feels normal to you,and you feel like its comfortable,then everyone else can stick it in their juice box and suck it.Hoped that helped.
ignore the bullies.
People are naturally very mean.  Whatever you feel is what you feel.  If they cant accept you, who you are, and what you feel, then let them be mean and hateful.	  I know the bullying hurts, ive gotten bullied a lot for multiple reasons, but find someone to lean on and help you.  Try to make it stop.  Be strong!  I know you can! :] 
It's not normal. But why would you want to be normal anyways?
If you feel like you should be a girl than whose to say that's not normal, how does one even define normal in this world? You just be yourself and do whatever feels right and makes you comfortable, fuck everyone else their ignorance is their own hang up not yours 
And yeah if where you live already has a standard for normal, why would you want to follow that anyway
If you feel like you should be a girl than whose to say that's not normal, how does one even define normal in this world? You just be yourself and do whatever feels right and makes you comfortable, fuck everyone else their ignorance is their own hang up not yours 
And yeah if where you live already has a standard for normal, why would you want to follow that anyway
Be yourself and don't give a fuck about other people say
I'ma girl and I'm always thinking I want to be a guy because maybe that way, some of the girls i like would want to go out with me. Eventually I just decided, Im a girl but i can still date a girl. I was bullied for flirting with this other girl and now we aint even friends. I ignored every single person who ever bullied me for who i am and now I fell more strong and I feel like, standing up for myself was the best thing in the world and I'm proud of who i am.

I guess the moral of my sad and boring life story is that, it doesnt matter what people think of you, you should be proud of who you are and not let anyone say different.
Hope i helped.
Nothing in this world is normal...But, if it feels right to you, than who is to say you're different from anyone else. Your heart still beats, you breathe, and walk and talk, You're just a human, like everyone else. and if that means being different, than fuck it. Be who you want to be, be comfortable with who you are, and if you're happy with your self and people don't accept that, than that's fine. There will always be one person who doesnt accept that. But its completely normal, to be different,  
Sorry got carried away, i do that sometimes.  hope i said something useful.
					
					

"normal" what is normal, anyways? whats normal for you dosnt have to be Normal for everyone else. You are who you are and everybody should love you for it  
If you wanna be a girl then be a girl. What do you mean by feel like you should be a girl? Like you where born in the wrong body or something?
People are naturally very mean.  Whatever you feel is what you feel.  If they cant accept you, who you are, and what you feel, then let them be mean and hateful.	  I know the bullying hurts, ive gotten bullied a lot for multiple reasons, but find someone to lean on and help you.  Try to make it stop.  Be strong!  I know you can! :] 
Dont worry bout what others think be who you want to be... if you feel you should be a girl be girl you are who you are and those who mind dont matter and those who matter dont mind
If it feels right for you, it's right for you. Be yourself! 
They aren't you, so who you are should not matter to them. But yeah, people can be mean about things that aren't "normal" by society's standards. It sucks, but yeah.
if you feel normal about it then its fine...
You know, one of my idols is Charlotte Clarke of 1755 she was the first openly lesbian and transgendered person, Charlotte Clarke, comes out by publishing, A Narrative of the Life of Mrs. Charlotte Clarke. In the autobiography, Clarke, a flamboyant cross-dressing actress during a time in which male impersonation was a popular form of entertainment (even if still very much taboo), relates many scandalous things, including her relationship with her "wife." I should think that with so many historical figures having been openly transgender in a society that looked down on them, one should not be afraid to be what they want today, where it's more acceptable and even praised. It's not that new or filtered out. Androgyny had been played with by the likes of David Bowie, Steve Tyler and Aerosmith, Hall and Oates, Elton John, Boy George.I'd also recommend venus envy, for insperation, it's a popular ongoing webcomic strip focusing on the life of Zoe Carter, a young transsexual girl living in Salem, Pennsylvania.
It's natural sometimes to feel like that,that is usually the cause of most cross dressers and sex changes.but I say just be yourself,if u feel like u should be a girl,go for it,it is your body,your feelings,your life ,who cares what other people think,they are not you.just be yourself and stay strong
normality is a social standard that is exepted by the majority of the society.

Who gives a damn  about the majority of society.
Many people probably feel the same way as you,
but you should be proud cos you got the guts to say that your diffrent.
Don't change the way you are just cos some morons don' understand you!
be yourself
I'm kind if confused,my friend introduced me to this guy I knew was gay,(there is absolutely nothing wrong with that)we started talking and and he started showing interest....well we kissed a few times and dated,but the while time he still made comments about how "I'm gay,and even I wouldn't tap that",idk,I don't mind that he likes guys too,I'm just confused,is he just dating me because I remind him of a guy????or what,I told him he was bi but he told me no,that I was the only girl he felt that way about.....what does that mean?????please,someone who know alot about this topic,help!!!!!!
The whole title is,"he says he's gay,but were dating,and imma girl"sorry,tech difficulties
And no,I have nothing against him being bi or gay,I'll love him just the same,I'm just trying to understand
From what I can see, he's either lying about being gay, he's bisexual, or he's using you for whatever reason - as harsh as that is. :
dump him. im sorry hun, but he's either lying about somthing or using you. i know that was already stated, but it's the only logical answer. i know this girl who's gong through a situation similar to yours. in the end, she was heartbroken because he broke up with her. his reason was that he had to confirm that he was gay.
.
Why did my ex bf/best friend.... Have to use me jus for sex?????? -starts crying so hard- god I loved him soo much an cared bout him.... An this is what I get???? Why? Why me???
Well some people are just genuinely awful, however it seems your judgement is a bit clouded. Best friends wouldn't do that kind of thing. How long did you know him?
For like a year or more....well he wasn't my best friend but he was my friend....
Some friends you're better off without :]
Im sorry Scarlet i hope you feel better
Awwww thank u!!!! Your soo sweet!!  thanks for making me feel loved an cared about again!!!!! 
Soo i have a hug obession with sex and everything that cums with it...am i addicted?
Nah.  Im sure lotsa people are like that dearie.
idk maybe?
It is possible to become addicted to sex but then again you need to ask yourself, does my body physically crave for it, go a couple days without sex secondly ask yourself am I mentally attached to it
yeah like punk said and I should i am a sex addict
alright ill try that thank you
It really depends on how often you have it and if you think you need to have it but i don't think you are an addict. I mean most people on this planet enjoy sex. X
alright... they say girls cant be sex addicts. i need sex all the time i didnt before but now i do i think it all depends on th eperson you are with if they are physically atracting to you everyday you have more of a risk of having sex than with a person your not atracted to or think is ugly (unattractive)
I like sex a lot
does it reall ymatter because sex is fun no matter what i like to do it. and all you have to say is FOOOOOODD XD
I agree sex is fun but wanting it all the time isnt exactly heathy
I think about sex 80% of the time.
I just call it being perverted.
You're a teen, there's nothing really wrong with it.
I think about sex 80% of the time.I just call it being perverted.You're a teen, there's nothing really wrong with it.haha nice
I think about sex 80% of the time.I just call it being perverted.You're a teen, there's nothing really wrong with it.Truee thatLOL xD
its like
UR THINKING
(sex,oh food, music, band, oh that persons hot, sex  sex, oh EP time to check, sex, wow like that hair style,want those percings,sex, sex, oh man i need to sleeep)
when asleep
sex,sex,sex lol argghhh
Sounds totally normal to me. I agree sex is fun but wanting it all the time isnt exactly heathy It's not healthy? Sure.. sleeping around isn't but I'm fairly sure obsessing over sex with a safe partner involves a lot of exercise and social activity! good for the body and mind! Sounds healthy to me.
I've yet to find a prson on this world who doesn't enjoy sex  i wouldnt get to freaked out...yet, you know if your addicted to it when it's all you think about all day, you cant neccasarily go more than a week without going mad :DD SEX IS GREAT.! its proven, lawl
Love me some sex ;]
well im glad to see you all want it as much as i do aha HMU! hahah
well it's only a minority of the community that would actually dislike sex... I mean it's meant to be pleasurable, lol
I've yet to find a prson on this world who doesn't enjoy sex  i wouldnt get to freaked out...yet, you know if your addicted to it when it's all you think about all day, you cant neccasarily go more than a week without going mad :DD SEX IS GREAT.! its proven, lawlI have met someone who doesnt like or want sex at all, but for the most part everyone likes sex
No your probably not an addict....i know I'm days late to answer but what I'm saying can be true:  No you're probably not an addict because having sex is meaningful...maybe you're craving something to keep you going. Having sex is for a couple to get closer to one another that's why people always talk about waiting until you get married because when you have sex for the first time something sends a message to your brain and same with your partner and that makes you emotionally and physically closer. That's why you see those girls cry their eyes out because their boyfriend who took their virginity dumps them and they are really depressed. Because they had that emotional bond with them and to break that bond is really painful mentally and ever time you have sex that bond gets smaller and smaller...so no your not an addict your just looking for something real.. you just want to feel that closeness and if you had sex a lot its impossible to have that bond.98 Marriages don't succeed because their partner had sex before them and their physical bond isn't strong enough...just saying... 


Sounds normal :/
To mee personally a sex addiction isnt really dat bad...well it kinda depends on ur age...lyk if ur really young I think den sex addiction is bad but heaps of ppl hav dis addiction so its not all dat bad...
At least u dnt hav an addiction for sumfin strange...
But if d addiction is bothering u try to control it...take baby steps...

But it cud not even b an addiction so go wivout sex for a while n see if u crave n go crazy...den decide wat ur guna do
Then you run the risk of snapping in public and raping someone.
-.-
It's true.
Then you run the risk of snapping in public and raping someone.Lmaoooooooooooo.
well ur not addicted,ur obsessed haha
jk
well u found that sex satisfy u that much and u started being a nympho.. nothing wrong with that as long as u protect ur self xD
Don't worry love I have a sex obsession to ! But not with multiple people just my fuck buddy  you are not alone :3
I think it seems pretty normal. Lots of people are like that and the ones I've heard of being addicted, do it pretty much constantly.
It depends  whateva make people smile
I think its important to have a healthy sex life.  Some people just have a healthier libido, its all about the person.I don't think its unnatural though.I mean you haven't really explained what makes you believe you are addicted? I think its just natural for people at certain ages to want it.


hahaha u r jus a guy n teens well we like this kind of stuff a lot n even ben a girl im tellin u i really wanna do it....bein curious is not wrong so enjoy your life while you can
Sex is nothing to obsess about.
Yes it's fun when you're super horny and wasted, but other than that, it's really nothing more exciting than throwing a hot dog into a hallway.
If you understand that...

It'll get less exciting once you 'bate enough.
No.
To mee personally a sex addiction isnt really dat bad...well it kinda depends on ur age...lyk if ur really young I think den sex addiction is bad but heaps of ppl hav dis addiction so its not all dat bad...At least u dnt hav an addiction for sumfin strange...But if d addiction is bothering u try to control it...take baby steps...But it cud not even b an addiction so go wivout sex for a while n see if u crave n go crazy...den decide wat ur guna dochelza does have a point
Sex.... What Do I Think About Sex...?
....
...
...
I Lurve Me Some Sex!! ... There Isnt anything wrong with it... 
Sex may be fun but it is deffinelty not good to have all the time
Sex may be fun but it is deffinelty not good to have all the time depends what all the time is. If it gets in the way of necessity, like eating sleeping etc, or in the way of a job, thats when it's a problem and craving it that often would probably = nymphomaniac, however having a very active sex life (as long as its with a constant partner and is safe) then it's just good exercise and actually makes you feel happier due to the endorphins.Just as long as it's safe and consensual. I'm not talking someone thats a sex slave.
sex is often useful for depressed people to raise their self esteem I lack self esteem so yeah you may have low self esteem
its likeUR THINKING(sex,oh food, music, band, oh that persons hot, sex  sex, oh EP time to check, sex, wow like that hair style,want those percings,sex, sex, oh man i need to sleeep)when asleepsex,sex,sex lol argghhhI dont know why but this is what I think of most my days...
im great in bed i can sleep for days.
No.
she is pre sexy for a 50+ yr old chick
....
i dont mind if ur bi
be who u want to be dude
Thanks you two.
And I know I should be and I am. I even told my boyfriend if Joan Jett ever found out about me and wanted me too...I might have to leave him lolz
All he said was "Let the battle begin" with a smile:) So cute.

And yeah I'm interested in rocking girls like her.
But I don't really know if I am bi cause I never kissed a girl.
AlI ever do is admire from afar.
Sweetie don't worry.Just be happy with your Penguin.But if your really curious ask him if you can have a test run(meaning just a kiss) on a girl and see.
There is nothing wrong with being bisexual
I think you should embrace who you are...
If your not yet sure then yeah as taisie said have a test run....
I am bi and I am proud...
Even my boyfriend has accepted it!!
There is nothing wrong with being bisexualI think you should embrace who you are...If your not yet sure then yeah as taisie said have a test run....I am bi and I am proud...Even my boyfriend has accepted it!!And my friends accept that I'm bi-curious...some even offered to see and try a 'test run'. I told them no though cause it'd be too weird O.o
Honestly i don't see why people make such a big deal about sexual orientation anyway,
what fuck ever happen to everybody living their own life the way they want to or the way that makes them
happy, i'm straight but i think very highly of people who are attracted to their own sex and are proud of it,i think there very brave 
i mean they are hated my most people in this fucked up world but,they still do has they please and live their live,heck some of them are much happier than some of these so called "normal" people and for that i think they should all be proud of them selves,

Kudos!! to all the bi,gay trans ,i hope you guys continue to live your life the way want regardless of what people think!
It's hard though...I know I am bisexual and yeah of course I'm proud.I'm just picky about who I 'test run' onAnd Yeah Taisie I agree...it would be too freakin' weird. My best girl friend asked me out but I just don't see myself with her.Then Jon asked me and yeah he made it.My Box For Boys:1) Shaggy hair2) Brown eyes3) Makes me laugh4) Unique5) Weird6) Loveable Dork.My Box For Girls:1) Rocking2) Laid back3) Funny4) Cute5) Goes with the flow6) loves walking around aimlessly


Honestly i don't see why people make such a big deal about sexual orientation anyway,what fuck ever happen to everybody living their own life the way they want to or the way that makes themhappy, i'm straight but i think very highly of people who are attracted to their own sex and are proud of it,i think there very bravei mean they are hated my most people in this fucked up world but,they still do has they please and live their live,heck some of them are much happier than some of these so called "normal" people and for that i think they should all be proud of them selves,Kudos!! to all the bi,gay trans ,i hope you guys continue to live your life the way want regardless of what people think!I agree with you. I think the nudest colony is trying to being that back.
It's hard though...I know I am bisexual and yeah of course I'm proud.I'm just picky about who I 'test run' onAnd Yeah Taisie I agree...it would be too freakin' weird. My best girl friend asked me out but I just don't see myself with her.Then Jon asked me and yeah he made it.My Box For Boys:1) Shaggy hair2) Brown eyes3) Makes me laugh4) Unique5) Weird6) Loveable Dork.My Box For Girls:1) Rocking2) Laid back3) Funny4) Cute5) Goes with the flow6) loves walking around aimlesslyBoxes?
Okii I will finally admit it out loudI may be dating my techno loving Penguin, but that doesn't mean I can't check people out.Yes I said people. I am bisexual and I'm coming out to everyoneI find very few but very many chicks extremely sexy.Mainly girls like Joan Jett. She was in the first ALL girl band called the Runaways and now singing and playing guitar for The Blackhearts.Here is a picture of her and her sexy gorgeousness:Isn't she so fucking sexy?Can you believe she's in her 50's?I love her!Sexy? Hm.I'd rather have sex with a furry handbag.
Sexy? Hm.I'd rather have sex with a furry handbag.Did you seriously just diss Joan Jett? The woman who didn't give up on making her band, The Blackhearts BIG? The woman who was turned down by 25 producing places and then made a producing company called The Blackhearts? The one who DID NOT give up on her career(the DREAM job)? The one who doesn't plan on ending her career EVER? Seriously? Dude, she is amazing. Do. Not. Dis. Joan. Jett.
Did you seriously just diss Joan Jett? The woman who didn't give up on making her band, The Blackhearts BIG? The woman who was turned down by 25 producing places and then made a producing company called The Blackhearts? The one who DID NOT give up on her career(the DREAM job)? The one who doesn't plan on ending her career EVER? Seriously? Dude, she is amazing. Do. Not. Dis. Joan. Jett.Talk to me whens he can handle high schools algebra.
Talk to me whens he can handle high schools algebra.SHE can.I'm curious why you even commented?Just to hurt my feelings cause I love a rockin' woman? (cuz you did)You do know you have a choice in commenting or not and if it's just to hurt people's feelings I'd prefer you wouldn't do that.Please and thank you!Have a great day!
SHE can.I'm curious why you even commented?Just to hurt my feelings cause I love a rockin' woman? (cuz you did)You do know you have a choice in commenting or not and if it's just to hurt people's feelings I'd prefer you wouldn't do that.Please and thank you!Have a great day! Your optimism and bubbly spirit angers me greatly.
u know what checked out, im not generally mean, but ur a jackass, so: go into ur moms room, look under her bed, you'll find a dildo, GO F**K URSELF!
u know what checked out, im not generally mean, but ur a jackass, so: go into ur moms room, look under her bed, you'll find a dildo, GO F**K URSELF!
Calm down guys, people can have their own opinion.

Plus my dear you can find people sexy without it necessarily meaning you're bi. 
Personally, I think you should wait and be sure before just jumping to conclusions.
I'm not saying it's a bad thing being bi or whatever, just that if it turns out that maybe
you're not you might end up embarrassing yourself, or having people be contemptuous of you. 

Wait and see and don't worry about it, it's no big deal.
Is this really rare and strange? I don't ever want to be physical with anyone. At all. No kissing whatever. I would be perfectly happy if I never had a boyfriend (I'm straight) and if I go my whole life never having sex. I don't know. I think it's gross and disgusting and it gives me the creeps.

Again, is this odd? Please don't rant and rave at me about how I'm a freak if it's not
Nah its not odd at all!! well I dont think it is.... I have a two friends who are like that.... its just who you are so there is nothing wrong with it!
Nah, you might just be "asexual". 
It's a bit odd though, but, it might change, and it might stay that way, but as long as you're happy, does it really matter?
you'r not a freak, it's not at all strange and anyone who would rant and or rave cos of something like that is the biggest dumb ass in the world
We are who we are. There's no problem in that.
thanks  I was told that it was freakish and inhumane and would need counseling so it's nice to know some people think it's okay
Out of all the things to be called freakish for and need to go to a shrink for,that is one of the most stupidest things,u may just be shy,or that's just who you are,there's no shame in that 
most ppl i kno say theres nufin great bout it...
its normal...
in a way i guess its gross but i look past that c:
As Dante said, having no sexual desire or attraction whatsoever is described as being Asexual. 

This very well may be the case, and this is not a bad thing really.

However its very normal for someone of your age to be repulsed/not interested by sexual interaction or relationships. If I were you,  I wouldn't worry about it too much, and I wouldn't try and put any names to how you feel because it very well may change when grow older. just do whatever makes you happy and don't worry about what everyone else does:]
thanks guys
;(
My sexuality should not define who I date or who i sleep with. Homophobic people always think it's girls should only be doing this and guys should eb doing this. What is up with these "Gender Roles"?
Isn't that what sexuality is about though? Who you date and/or sleep with? I understand the whole stereotype thing, like not wanting everyone to think you're really girly, into fashion - a stereotypical gay person. But I suppose people are always gonna think that until you prove them wrong, unfortunately. The reason that there are so many terms for which gender you're into is so you CAN define yourself, so if you call yourself gay, isn't that basically you wanting to be defined and for everyone to know that you only date/sleep with guys?

I think you're saying you don't want your sexuality to be defined? I dunno. But if you want to sleep and date whoever you want, no matter what gender they are, then don't call yourself gay, pan, bi, straight etc. because that's the only way that you won't be defined. (:
Call yourself sophamophasexual and then say it's really complicated when people ask.
Hah kib.

And yes she's right your sexuality does define who you sleep with. You can't be gay and enjoy having sex with women because it would go under the definition of bisexual, regardless of gender roles.
If someone identifies as male or female, that's what they are and it doesnt mean that an ftm in a relationship with a regular gay guy would class as a hetero relationship. It's just two gay guys. 

I think you're a little mixed up verbally my dear.
Well sometimes I just rant, I can say what I mean but i cant put it in words very well. After i read it, my post seemed confusing to me. lol
ok well i just realised i really like girls but i also like guys like my family and that no that i like guys but im really scared to tell my family and friends about my discovery i feell like i should tell them but in away im scared coz my family have been really judge mental of me growing up well iv asked my friends if theyd care as a joke but they just was like nar but im sorta scared its gunna be different because it for real and they are all streight idk wat to do idk if i should keep it to my self or just come out with it  so scared and confused help advice :/
im sorry i cant really help im in the same situation :/
i know exactly how you fell.i'm sure your family will love you all the same.if you friends feel different that's their problem. as long as you know who you are inside, everything will be fine. i'm also bisexual. it took me awhile to come out but i did and i feel fine=). acceptance starts with you.its your life...do what you want with it. good luck.
Don't have to tell them if unless you're dating a girl. 
Depends on how you think they'd react tbh, but I'd wait till I moved out in case they are against that sort of thing.
If I were you, I would let them find out on their own. It shouldn't need mentioned, because love is love and who you love doesnt affect who you are as a person. 

It's not a big thing, and it doesnt need to be a big thing if you don't want it. If your family is strongly against homosexuality, I'd suggest just keeping quiet about it until you're actually dating a girl. If not, and you want them to know, just mention it on the by the by.

Your family should accept you for who you are, if they don't then that's their loss.
If I were you, I would let them find out on their own. It shouldn't need mentioned, because love is love and who you love doesnt affect who you are as a person.It's not a big thing, and it doesnt need to be a big thing if you don't want it. If your family is strongly against homosexuality, I'd suggest just keeping quiet about it until you're actually dating a girl. If not, and you want them to know, just mention it on the by the by.Your family should accept you for who you are, if they don't then that's their loss. I agree with this
If they were your real friends, they'd support you no matter what. I'm sure they will accept you the way you are. And your family is your family. They're not going to love you any less. And hey, maybe if you do tell them, they will stop making fun of people who are bi. It's not wrong. It's who you are. If your happy the way you are, than be happy. Don't let anyone change who you are. People need to accept you or f*** off. But don't be ashamed. It's okay.
i know this is kinda weird but i honestly dont know if im bisexual or not. i have a boyfriend but like.. i feel attracted to girls a lot. any thoughts.?
Im the same way. it sounds like you might be bi-curious
You wont know if you're bisexual til you've screwed both to compare. Sexuality is linked to sex, not just attraction.
i'm always confused about that  
every day every hour minut second... always O_o
Dont lable your self yet your orientation (spelling?) changes a lot as you grow up you prob wont know for sure until ur over 16. im the  same at the mo
Bi-curious.
You can't really know for sure unless you've been with both (if you're confused that is).
You really shouldn't worry/think about it so much. Sexuality isnt and shouldn't be a big deal. If your attracted to girls, that's cool. If not, that's cool too. Just go with it :]
I don't know what my oruentation is anymore. I have had both male and female parters but  I don't know, talking about  kissing a guy makes my skin crawl but i have moments where i want to... its so confussing becaue i know i am atracted to females, no doubt about it but i dont know about males... they always seem to turn into pricks and always think woth their dick * sorry guys but its true in my case... i just ugh, i dunno... help??!
If you have moments where you do enjoy it, do find it pleasurable with guys etc... then that would suggest you're just jaded against guys in general (due to past experiences) and not related to your actual sexual orientation.
Jaded? what does that mean?
Try not to give guys in general the fault. Many people are dicks, no matter the gender.
I will give you that.

Maybe i have just had too much of the wrong thing...
You could be bisexual, where you simply find yourself leanig towards one gender, or simply bicurious.
Or there just might be those few people who you can form this special bond with that you usually wouldn't.
What do you mean by forming a special bond?
idk but just move through life and if there is someone you like, you like them..... it could be either gender
I suppose. I've pretty much given up caring on gender
@xxRisikaxx My guess is that you are bisexual because you are interested more in females than males, but you still do have an attraction to males. I also don't care about gender because I know it's personality that matters. I hope I helped!
thanks, i've officially come to the conclusion that i am Pansexual :3
yeah? thats good ^.^ well you dont really need to label yourself you know cause when you love someone their gender and such dont matter
that's too true. love is love. 
My friend, she's bi and i know that. I kind of like her, but im more curious. She takes it as a joke if i say i want to do something with her. Anyone got some advise?
tell her its not a joke...tell her ur serious...
but she might b takin it as a joke coz she might b a little bit uncomfortable...
soo maybee go slow n tell her how u feel n she might relax n warm up to u...n den she might take u seriously 
hope i helped...a little bit...
It wouldnt exactly help that i have no confidence...
Or maybe she's not interested in you, sounds like it to me...
Maybe you shouldn't go after her? Just a suggestion.
Think: Do you like her?Are you just gonna use her as a test to see if you are?If you are, are you willing to risk your friendship anymore?(meaning if you are bi and you like her)If your not...what happens if your friend likes you more then you think?There is always a effect after a cause.Causes have Effects...a way of life. It sucks I know.
Basically sit down with her and tell her you're serious and tell her how you feel and everything, what you want to do, that you're confused about all of your emotions right now and you just wish to check stuff with her to find where you're at .
Maybe she does have the idea as well but the fact that you are friends she is probably scared it might not end well.....
Been there....took the risk and now we are a couple!!
If u think its worth taking the risk,do it,if not then just hold back,its not easy but hey
But just seat with her and ask her what you should do,tell her how you feel for her and clear the air...
The more you wait and tease her and she thinks its a joke,the awkward things will become between you two!!
Aww that sucks 
maybe she's confused or so and maybe that's the reason why she takes it as a joke? 
just try to say that it's not a joke
Try and explain to her how you feel, and talk with her about it, ask her why she takes it as a joke... maybe she is just confused or scared of wether your saying it as a joke or not, just make sure she understands that its not a joke ^.^
If she takes it as a joke, she's probably not on the same notes (like she doesn't like you back).
You can tell her about being bisexual though, and just tell her that even if she doesn't believe it it doesn't mean it's not true. 
You're also probably a bit young so you might just be bi-curious. 
Try dating someone as a test run before you're certain.
Yeah my cousin's all the time because im bi
Nope
sorta  just depends really on the situation....lyk cause I havent brought a boy home or anything mum used to joke that I was les till she realised it didnt bother me
Ohhh
all the time.my parent laugh about it with their friends.they think i'm going through a weird phase.
I was teased for a while, but in the end they learned to accept it and helped me realized i was only bi-curious...
My cousin teases me about it all the time, but hes just joking. My dad is a total dick to me about it the. He calls me a lesbian cuz im bi. He acts like hes joking but hes not.
I have a friend who i think just recently came out of the closet. the reason why i say i think is because i see her posts things supporting homosexuality on her facebook. I just cant tell if her family knows (I am cirtain her dad doesnt, though).	 I have always known that this was going to be hard for her, but i didnt know it would be this hard for me to just stand by and watch her get bullied by people from her church over it.	 Granted, and i know im going to get some hate over this, but she was asking for some of it. I dont fully understand why she invited people from her church (who she knows are completely against homosexuality) to be friends on her facebook and posts things that might offend people with cirtain beliefs. Then again, why are they so offended by it in the first place?	 The other day some lady who is probobly three or four times her age (and should be that much more mature) was telling her to "hold back the sinful urges" and that she was "condemning herself to hell". It made me want to cry reading this because i realized that i don't know what it's like and don't have any right to step in and tell her that things will be ok. Because frankly i dont know if everything will be fine. I can't relate to her situation and don't want to make things harder on her.	 And it only makes the situation worse since she is wiccan. She hasnt told anyone yet. And in a way, im glad. I think her father would disown her. She has alot of anger towards religion right now, especialy christianity.	  Why are people like her, human beings just like everyone else, treated like filth? You cant help who you fall in love with, so why all the hate? When she does come out of the closet completely I dont know how i can be there for her. I want to let her know that i'm worried about her but that I accept her for all she is. I dont know how much more she can take. She wont let me on, but i can tell she's about to snap.	   I should probobly stay out of it and let her deal with it on her own. I dont want to meddle too much in grounds that i know nothing of. I support her in every way, she is an amazing person. And though she acts like she does, i dont think she knows it anymore.
					
					

I see u have conflicting feelings, and it is important to be there for a friend (espically in her situation). My sister had that same problem, she told me that she was worried our parents would kick her out. I told her if that happended im sure she could go and live with one of our relative (i know... awful thing to say when talking to her =_=) but then  we found out she had been cutting herself becasue she was so confussed and worried...she went to a mental instituion for a month and my family still cant get over that fact she was trying to kill herself....i blame myself for not telling my parents and i probubly allways will. U have to make sure u listen to her and communicate with her that ur there for her, things can and will get bad but she can get through it with help.
Thank you. I just don't know how to go about starting the conversation. I guess when it comes up it comes up. But neither of us have ever been the type of friends to express emotions. I only just recently told that i'm worried about her. 

She's the kind of person where you can never tell what she's thinking, so i dont know if that pissed her off or if it made her feel any better.
Honestly, you need to tell her how YOU truly feel. Shed want the truth from a friend, not a lie. And a reason why people are hating is b/c they don't understand it or/and bc something innocent in ur friends eyes, might be something different in another's. Shea becoming a stronger person. Exspecially if people are saying mean things to her and she's dealing with it. People need to reverse the situation sometimes. What if the church person was homosexual, and ur friend bullied them? They would feel the same. If people thought before the talked, the world would be a better place. And its not easy. But your friend will get through it. And so what if she does witchcraft. Its her life. She likes what she likes. She has a hobby. And witchcraft has nothing to do with religion. Its about life's elements and what you believe in.  U should just support her and her decisions.  She will feel better if u are there for her. Words can break a person into a million pieces, but they can also put someone back together.  just remember that.
She is coming over to my house next week to help babysit my brother. I think i'll talk to her then. Thank you for helping me out. 
And i think wiccan is technicaly a religieon (It almost sounds pagan to me). Wiccan's worship a god and godess from what she's told me. It isnt plain witchcraft. 

But i agree with you. I dont care what she believes in or what she does. It never mattered to me. I just wish people thought that too, it would be easier for her that way. But i guess life is just hard like that. Hopefully she will get stronger and learn to believe in herself.
Yeah. It is about God and godess. But its not like she's worshiping the devil. Talk to her.  things will work out. And you both will become stronger together. God made a lock with keys, so that means for every problem made, he has a solution.
are you proud of who you are???not many people take time to ask themselves this. will they still love me...do they hate me because....why do people...,WHO CARES?!?!acceptance starts with you! you control your future,not them. be proud of who you are. if you need any extra advice i'm here for you=).                     ACCEPTANCE OF ONES SELF IS ACCEPTANCE OF ONES COMMUNITY!
Nobody likes me. That's what. But I dnt care, they can hate all they want but some day they will go to fukin hell!!
I met a girl at an emotional group thing and immediately liked her because she was pretty and funny. I started liking her even more as the weeks went by and she is bisexual, so I thought I had a chance and took it. She is very flirtatious, which led me to believe she liked me. I wrote her a poem, "The Fortune Cookie", and drew her a couple pictures and gave her them yesterday and not long after giving her them, she says she has a boyfriend named Nate. I just want to know, did I waste my chance, or could I still maybe have her as mine?
					
					

Well, I do not know if I could still have that chance, but I did go  to a festival today and I met a really cool guy there. We went on a (sort of) date and played some games. His name's Andrew and he is nerdy. :')
maybe try you chance with Andrew...i think it was a bit mean of her to lead you on n then smash it to pieces like that
@EmoChelza Yeah, but Andrew doesn't go to my school or even live in my town (he lives in the next town over.). I'm gonna still try for Julianna though. Maybe.
I see no gender identity or biological sex when I fall for someone And I am proud, because my love is truly without limitations, or exceptions, it's pure bliss if you can understand it.

Can anyone understand that feeling?
Yeah there is a simple term for that....its called a Pansexual. Which is also what I am.
Well other than the limitations of them being alive and not another species should still be there... I hope....
Good for you!
i am a teen in a country were being gay is not acceptable but i still try be open to my closest friends about my sexual orientation. I have a sexy beautifull girlfriend that i show of every now and then when i can, being bisexual aint easy were i am from but i still am proud of my orientation and wouldnt change a thing.
You go girl! It is hard in this generation to be what you want to be.To be gay, bisexual, lesbian, etc is difficult in this world we live in today.Being who we really are people count as a sin in this worldI'm so happy that you are capable to come out!Generations are changing to where few are just straight anymoreStick it to the man, Kamuli!
I AGREE WITH THE ONE ABOVE ME, YOU GO GIRL
Thanks for the support yall....  Taisie you are so right generations are changing, my best friend recently noticed that she is bisexual but like 2 years ago she hated the idea but now she's open to it and has accepeted it
hehehe thats my baby girl right there.... i wasnt lyng wen i sayd she was the BESTI  you baby
WOOOO SHOW IT OFF!!
I love anybody who is able to open up to people about their sexual orientation!
It good to be proud of your orrientation. Dont be afraid to show it. most people are.
hehehe yes Donna i had to...
thanx yall....
it shudnt matter what a persons orientation is..
as long as we all happy with who we are
yeah!!! im really happy for u! Be proud of who you are and dont let others bring u down
MJ you've come a long way... i am happy for you
i hate being judged by people cause i am bi it like i asked this girl out and she dumped me cause i was bi she thort i would cheat on her with a guy and wen i was going out with this guy i told him i was bi and guess what he dumped me cause he thought i would cheat on him with a girl so i cant win no matter what i do arhhh
anyone that going to dump you because of that you dont want to be with. if they dont like it then you shouldnt be with them
search someone who is bi too.
My cousin's all the time because im bi
there is nothing wrong with bi's
has your sexuality ever effected the way your family saw u or the way u saw ur family?
this should be in the Gender/Sexuality forum
dammit! i should have remembered....i feel really dumb right now.
YES IT HAS.
my dad and my best friend think that most bisexuals are sluts, and my dad thinks all of them are. I need to decide if I'm lesbian or straight, and  could I have your guys help? I'm in a really tough situation. btw im13 and I already told my friend that I'm bi right now and that I'm having trouble deciding.!please dont be mean, cuz I'm not a troll. thanks 
if your bi then there is no *decision* fuck them if they can't see the real, beautiful, bisexual you
That's really not something you should be deciding at 13... and even then, it's not something most people just "decide". Excluding people who've been through abuse cases or other trauma it's not really a decision of choice you make... you're either straight, bi, gay/les or A :l but you don't really "choose".
just stay the way u are. fuck them. you are what you are
does it even matter, who needs labels. its not up to other people decide for you, and its not something you choose, be with who you love. simple  
thanks,  i appreciate it
JUST BE YUR SELF FUQK WAT EVERYBODY ELSE SAY YU KNO WHO YU AND WAT U WANNA BE
JUST BE YUR SELF FUQK WAT EVERYBODY ELSE SAY YU KNO WHO YU AND WAT U WANNA BE thanks:3 i plan to
i think you shouldn't give a fuck what people think, to hell with them, if you like girls date girls and if you like boys what the heck get a boy
all i`m saying is don't let other people get in the way of your happiness
Fair enough. i see wher eur comin from but i was confused at that age and i developed more feelings when it went on and turns out i was right i am bi but hey that doesnt change me that doesnt mean i hav a huge label across my head that just means that iv decided a part of me and im proud of that  and so should you!!
You don't have to be one or the other. You can just be bisexual.
They're obviously mislead but whatever, you are you!
That's really not something you should be deciding at 13... and even then, it's not something most people just "decide". Excluding people who've been through abuse cases or other trauma it's not really a decision of choice you make... you're either straight, bi, gay/les or A :l but you don't really "choose".I think it's important to have Snow's post repeated towards the end of this insanity thread. You all can preach all you want about being yourself, but at 13 years old, you really have no business defining your sexuality. Seriously. Give it five years, then post again.
i think im peggos sould i tell him or just hide it? i need help some one
Good grief, proofread. It took me forever to figure out with this said.  No offense, but damn.

Um, if you're old enough to get laid and get pregnant, you're old enough to deal with the consequences. That includes telling the guy who nailed you, finances, health, all of that crap.

This is what parents warn you about.
I actually typed the word peggos in google,but anyway, being pregnant aint no walk in the park,so you need to tell this guy who knocked you up so you guys can talk about whats gonna happen,like how you gonna deal with the finances and other important stuff, plus keeping this a secret can cause alot of damage: its not your kid alone so i think it would be selfish  not tell the dad,also have you ever thought about what might happen to you if you don't tell this guy that your caring his baby and then he finds out on his own. You're also gonna need alot of support both emotionally and physically,so you need the guy their for this,and please be reminded that lack of support can be fatal you may become overly stressed and may not only cause harm to yourself but to the baby.
I CAN HELP. 

Ok,Unless you can run away for nine monthes and make sure no one who knows you notices that you are pregnant Than I would not tell him. jk... But seriousley, I would tell him because if I were you I would think about his feelings, and pretty soon he WILL NOTICE.  How old are you anyways?? Please tell me, as long as you're talkin to me you can say anything. Good luck!!
How old are you anyways??? Just want to know...
I'm confused.....
I thought i was straight.....till last year september when i met ths girl.....thn i found myself attracted to her and all of a sudden i fell into the whirlpool of bisexuality.....but strangely i dont really find other girls as attractive as her.....
am i bisexual, or is it just that one girl??
i know how you feel. I think it might be something completely different. You could be pansexual or something like that. But i shouldnt decide that for you, so you should find out through experience and stuffs 

hope that helps a little...
lol thnx Dark Light*.....i think ur ryt.....thng is....where i'm from....most of the chics are wat u wud call sluts....evn tht one chic lol.....so dnt thnk i wanna experience anythn with any of em....
Yeah I hear you, but I wouldn't be too concerned and worrying whether your bi or straight or pansexual, don't try to fit in a box. Just be yourself and be open to whoever you find attractive or get feelings for. That's the best advice I can give lol
YOUR BISEXUAL 
lmao...accept it
But ino alot of people at my school are high;ly judgemental and some of them i habg out with i dont want to be different and i really need help cus alot of people come to be for advice but i do want to let people know im available but at the same time i dont wanna be judged but im willing to take that chance! Please help!!
Sweetie what's wrong with being different?As my friends would say 'Stick it to the Man!' let them know that you don't give two craps about it.I was like that and told everyone I was straight, even my best friends.I wanted to tell them but I was still in this shell and didn't know what to do.So now I'm out, I told them all everything...my gf that dumped me cuz I wouldn't send her a picture.So you could wait the longest time before telling anyone or come out and say it like me.Example:I'm a bi loser girl and I LOVE it! (I did scream that at a park at night with my friends around.)
well just be yourself i got into a  fight at the end i yelled i am bisexual bitches deal wiv it
agreed. it really shouldnt matter what others think. you shouldnt let them make you not be you if this makes sense. trust me  just got over it and i feel tons better. you should be proud of who you are and dont give one damm about what people say about you (unless of course it nice friendly things but stuff like this no) i hope this can help ya
Yes thankyou all  and i am already out that im bisexual but only two like three people.. and i jst goit dumped from my girlfriend who thinks she only was with me to experiment  wish i could find real people
You can find real people,  and who are these judgemental people, do I know them??
Tayla and 90% or our school -.-
Tayla is just a bitc, plus when you tell people, you can find ur real friends, people who will accept you.
haha i spose  i didnt hink of that side.
well i did.
Look darling if you want people to know they should. Everyone in the world now seems exepting about it. Just tell them! BE PROUD!
If your not true to yourself who do you think will be true to you???
be who you are....
ok i get the feeling that im bi and i tell people im bi i like girls but allways lookat hot guys and imagine kissing and having sex with them but on the other hand i have the same feelings for girls (im 15) i mean iv never kissed eather sex or hade a boy/girl friend and i dont know what it feels like so what am i ???
bi-curious prob...see how things go as u get older...it shud becum more clear as to wat orientation u r...
I'm head over heals for both of them!!!
Is that so wrong???
He has a clue and she doesn't mind!!!
It's a bit odd, but I wouldn't say wrong  stuff like that happens.. though.. personally I'd kinda say you have to choose one.
Well i have just gotten out of this situation only not with a guy and his cousin.... anyway you're gonna have to choose thats for sure but i can tell you its not as easy as you think it might be you gotta ask yourself "What do you want?" and who can do it for you take some time listen to music and think its never wrong to like someone else trust me
choose the boy friend it is only right.
go with the person u fell in love with first...if u dont it wud be unfair on the other...
Chose one.... its not fair on both of them if you lead them both on and the harder it will be in the future
They both know about it and they are cool about it.
So i don't think it will come to that situation...
Trying to stay positive here!!
I have feelings for both,i can not pick one,it wont be fair to me,i've fallen deep for both....
You're bi curious, sweetie. ^.^ I was the same, i'd watch girls and be like, "what does this mean?!"
					
					

listen yea your curious every freakin women on this earth has been, just as guys have, its a personal desicion and one only you can make it nobody else can the answer will come with time
I Was Bi Curious For A While And Eventually Acted On It... Decided I'm Bi(: No One Can Really Know For Sure Except You
When I saw this I thought, yeah I guess you're bi-curious. Basically it's what you said- you're mainly attracted to guys when it comes to emotions and relationships, but you find girls physically attractive. Like BloodOnThesePalms said, some people choose to act on it and become bisexual. But it depends on the person.
Just do what you do and hopefully you will figure things out.
I'm always here if you need to talk. :3 x
im the same, i have no idea what i am anymore, i like guys and i like girls, ive been screwed over by both, when people ask me i just say im confused, i need to know what i am, ive sucked cock and fucked minge, but im still looking for the answer, which one did i like the most
u can't know or to be sure about ur orientation, until u wont experience it with both parts xD,guys and girls if u like both the best u would say ur bisexual,if u decide guys are better for u than girls then ur gay,if girls are the best for u.. ur straight was that hard ? XD
U might be bi or pansexual. Pan is when you like any1 no matter their gender, orientation ect. So if they are male, female, transgendered, bi, gay, straight, blah blah blah.
You could be straight and like fun like me. XD
Of course, I've never had "fun" before. .
You could be straight and like fun like me. XDOf course, I've never had "fun" before. .fun wif other gurlz?
fun wif other gurlz?If I'm drunk enough.   lol, but no. I'm too young to drink, so not anytime soon. XD
You could just be bi-curious  i noticed i was like that until my friend came out to me and we *experimented* and iv never gone bak since
i was too until i experimented and well, thanks to her...I' stuck. hahaha.
Haha actually i think thats ur fault!
oh well, i dont care who's fault it was, it was worth it.
xox
I'm abit like that honey Oviously you're curious, why not do something about it.. With a close friend or something like that (:
Yeah idk about mine either so I just say I'm bi. Gender doesn't bother me I care about personality. I only like a couple girls but never actually had a gf.
ur either pansexual or bicurious
My boyfriends ex girlfriend dumped him because hes bi, is that messed up? Cause I think it is....
Thats messed up and so slack..
that is actually really messed up..what an idiot....but on a good note..if she didn't dump him then he prolyl wouldn't be your boyfriend...but its still messed up....
well if someone is going out with me I would like to know if there bi I for one don't like it win people keep me in the dark like that
That's so messed up, I hate people who judge others on sexuality, ffs, we are still human!
That's her loss if she can't love him for who he is.
yeah it is messed up
Well to some people think that being bi is wrong/creepy but dumping someone for being bi is mean/hurtful and wrong...
i agree with maggi
Thats just fucking stupid and aggravates me to the max.
You should love some one because... Just because you fucking love them to me i dont care WHAT you are i will love you to my hearts disire so yea i think its fucking retarded!
Love is love, thats just fucked
_
I have recently made a mistake being worried about not wanting to lose my bf and i accused a best friend of mine to back off a bit but it went to far and a whole lot of people were accusing her of having tried to break me and him up.. What do i do? i feel so bad!! I over reacted but i still want her as a friend but shes really pissed at me.. Please Help!!
Pissed? really? more like, hmm, i dont know, tmes it by 5, i had at least 15, people wanting to bash me up. I got accused of more shit, I was sitting in wood work, trying to hide, Mr McMahon was nice enough to let me stay.
Well I say try having more trust in your friends and boy friend that they weren't doing anything and that shes not trying to break you and your boy friend up. Try to loosen the grip and your bf and not be so controlling and parinoid. 

Apologise to your friend and any one else it's hurt and just continue being friends with her! Be less controlling and protective over your bf and ease up. If they truly are your friends they wouldn't break you and him up .
i agree ^ . How could u ever doubt me...doubt him., he loves u
Look i found out about today after i posted this. I am so sorry!! cheak fb and teagans stat. i could hav gone off my head about u and jaxon apparently making out but hey i actually trust that he and you wouldnt do that to me. And thankyou  xXunstablehappyemoXx I no and i feel so bad and im just so happy with him in scared of losing him but i realise now i wont.
if u trust him and me so much how could u say that u thought there was something between him and me, do you know how much that hurts.
Oh I'm stuck in the worst situation!! According to all of my friends, I'm straight. But lateley I've been having HIGH feelings for one of my friends who are bi. I dont want a relationship with her, but everytime i see her i just wanna lift her up and kiss her. and she isn't helping either, she's such a flirt. I sit beside her as she's on my lap, flaunting her neck infrount of me. Oh she's so tempting but im afraid.
Why should you be afraid? If your afraid you'll never know what could happen with you too  and dont listen to your friends... or your parents they still deny that i'm bi but its what you think you should do thats important. As i said you never know what will happen if you dont try
dont be afraid
Well I think you're Bi-curious at the moment =P .

Have a talk to her about it and maybe even try some light kissing with her and see how you like it or something like that.
Thanks for your opinion guys.. I might talk talk to her at school... and hope for the best!!
i agree with tatter. talking is always good with this kind of sitition. good luck btw
So I have always used sex as a tool not taking any value into it, if the guy wanted it, I gave it to him, I never really enjoyed it, I used it to reel him back in and plus I didn't want him to say something to someone else.  I just had sex when ever the guy asked because they always told me it helped the relationship and they wanted it and it felt special to them so I was pushed around a lot and after a certain incident with some stranger back when I was 17 (I won't go into details).  I began to grow less and less interested in sex.Lately sex is just not something I care about in fact, sex is becoming the breaking point in a relationship for me if the guy is too pushy or he asks too much, or he touches me when I don't want him too, I get sent back to that moment in life even as I grow older and lately I'm just wondering if I'm beginning to become asexual because lately sex just isn't fun anymore.I almost rarely get turned on anymore, I just want it to be done and over with so I can go back to cuddling or (if I feel really uncomfortable) I'll make an excuse to leave. Sometimes I'll make an excuse to stop having sex or to stop him from doing anything (Sharing a cigarette, going to the bathroom, drinking water etc.) I'm wondering if someone can help me out and answer my question if I maybe asexual or becoming asexual? 


It sounds a lot more that you're just jaded honestly. You cannot 'become' asexual, but you can become jaded. Asexual means you're physically unable to enjoy sexual contact, however what you describe is more in line with trauma from an incident that is merely blocking your enjoyment/urges at the time being. If that's the case then you can in theory 'get over' it or at least try to and return to actually enjoying sex - something an asexual simply cannot do.
i think that maybe sex is just not that interesting to you anymore only because it's tied to whatever has happened with you in the past. you don't enjoy sex anymore and that's one thing but it's also another thing to be asexual. you can turn back to it at anytime but you just want it to be over and done with. asexuals just can't even get to the stage of "let's get in bed and start".
Hey guys. =)I'm 15, and Bi, but i'm scared to tell people  , and i want to know how old you were when you told your parents and i don't know if i should tell or hide it longer, I know my mum will be okay, cos my aunty is lesbian, but my dad will hate me and I'm really scared, because i know that he won't treat me the same and just yell at me. I used to cut alot, and my mum and dad found out, they just yelled at me. In fact, my mum turned it around and blamed in on My Chemical Romance, even though they were helping me to stop a little.. and i know that i will cut again if my dad goes mental. How old were you and got any advice??Thankyou
oh hun you should tell'em but if you dont feel like you shoulld at the time wait a little longeim bi aswell
To be honest, I don't see the point in telling them. I mean, why should they know? You aren't going to be having sexual relations with them (i hope not _
I told my friends at 17 I'm 18 now and had a gf for a week then she dumped me for a stupid reason.
I can't tell my Moma because she flipped a lid when I told my sister that I was then she straight up told on me.
I had to deny the whole thing and say that my sister has lost her mind. I know she'll accept me either way cause I have 2 gay couples in my family. 1 gay cousin that did his entire football team and a lesbian with her gf that are hoping to get married. I can't tell my Moma till I'm out of the house. But for now all she thinks she knows is that I have a boyfriend and is straight. (he's bi too along with me and have the same problem)
Nice cousin haha   thanks
Yeah...and don't tell him thatO.o he's still proud of it and he's 23 I believe..he doesn't need encouragement xD
But yeah unless you really want to tell your parents I suggest don't...Not if you know your dad will yell at you and you'll start cutting again..
Either way my baby brother that is 13 is gay and he's trying to figure out how to tell my mom...sucks for him cuz he's a mama's boy...
While lying to your parents is setting yourself up to be caught, if telling them won't help anything don't bother. When they need to know is when you should tell them (and hopefully when they're in a happy mood haha). Sexuality is important, especially to teens, and I don't think it'll be easy to cover it up from the parents for very long. It should be on your judgement, but I advise giving information when it helps everyone (or hurts less). I'm straight, but my girlfriend is bi (aw yeah XD) and she's having similar problems. Hope it works out for ya!
i dont c y ppl r like "oh im bi/gay/ w/e but  nerves to tell ppl. " just say u r. haters going hate but who really gives a fuck. its who u r not them.
i dont c y ppl r like "oh im bi/gay/ w/e but  nerves to tell ppl. " just say u r. haters going hate but who really gives a fuck. its who u r not them.yeah I gotta agree with you there, but just think....they live there whole life straight, people believe that their straight, 1 friend jokes around with them calling them lesbian/faggot, then one day they realize they are but deny it. They deny it for so long that once they find out that they find out it's almost too late to tell anyone.Like telling their best friend they fallen in love with them.Hard Core Christian parents(god I hate those)and other crap...
Well babe just love the person that turned u bi  and i suppose they actually dont really need to know anyway  xox
Oh I do,
And i love that she's happy
Well babe just love the person that turned u bi  and i suppose they actually dont really need to know anyway  xoxWho were you talking to here?O.o
to me
she's my best friend from school
I never really told my parents any of that. They kinda just found out. Like the time my ex texted in the middle of the night, drunk and high, wanting to hook up. I shared the phone with my dad's ex. My ex... she was the greatest. I miss her. A lot. Not my point. Anyway, somehow a conversation went down between her and my parents (posing as me). My dad told her never to speak to me again. If she did, he'd have a restraining order put out against her. He wasn't even going to let me apologize or say goodbye. Since then, I've avoided the subject with my dad. My last girlfriend and I put it on facebook that we were dating, hoping my dad wouldn't pay any attention to it because people do it all the time. He only said something about it jokingly after we broke up. I doubt he takes me seriously anymore.
thx
I never really told my parents any of that. They kinda just found out. Like the time my ex texted in the middle of the night, drunk and high, wanting to hook up. I shared the phone with my dad's ex. My ex... she was the greatest. I miss her. A lot. Not my point. Anyway, somehow a conversation went down between her and my parents (posing as me). My dad told her never to speak to me again. If she did, he'd have a restraining order put out against her. He wasn't even going to let me apologize or say goodbye. Since then, I've avoided the subject with my dad. My last girlfriend and I put it on facebook that we were dating, hoping my dad wouldn't pay any attention to it because people do it all the time. He only said something about it jokingly after we broke up. I doubt he takes me seriously anymore.Are you freakin' serious? Omifudge I would lose it on my dad if he did any of that.
I don't see why you need to tell them anymore than i would bother to inform my parents that i'm straight
Yes well i think we should talk about this at school cus i wanna come out and tell people but im findin it hard and scared that il be judged but i just want poeple to know im available and that i can come to for advice
Yes well i think we should talk about this at school cus i wanna come out and tell people but im findin it hard and scared that il be judged but i just want poeple to know im available and that i can come to for adviceWell Babe, I'm here for you, You know that. You know that, Tia, Lily, myself, you know we won't judge, and I know Tahlia will love you babe, no matter what, Zsofia, she won't care, and parker, well come on, Parker will be cool with it. Alot of people will and who ever hates you for it, well fuck them, You have us shae, (tahlia, tia lily), its all you need. I Love You
Are you freakin' serious? Omifudge I would lose it on my dad if he did any of that.Nah I just went back to cutting. Then my dad had the nerve to ask me why I was cutting again.
My friend always said "My parents can know I'm bi on the day I get married" my parents are super religious, and I was scared to tell them. I'm Bi and Proud, and I don't give a fuck what anyone says. I told my parents when I was 13, and I'm 14 now. My parents accepted me, and I was shocked.It's ok hun. They really don't need to know your sexual orientation. If you really want to tell them, then do so.But remember. Even if you don't tell them, you should beBi and Proud 
My friend always said "My parents can know I'm bi on the day I get married" my parents are super religious, and I was scared to tell them. I'm Bi and Proud, and I don't give a fuck what anyone says. I told my parents when I was 13, and I'm 14 now. My parents accepted me, and I was shocked.It's ok hun. They really don't need to know your sexual orientation. If you really want to tell them, then do so.But remember. Even if you don't tell them, you should beBi and Proud 
im bi and havent told my mum yet but i know she will under stand because shes a lesbian the only people i have told is my 3 closes friends and thay accept me for me and not what sexualty i am but its wright y should u tell your mum and dad if u dont want to
true  thx
Nah I just went back to cutting. Then my dad had the nerve to ask me why I was cutting again.Wtf...that kinda ticks with my thinking.
Dont Be Afraid, Every One Loves You. I Dont Think Anyone Really At Our School Will Judge You! ((Exept For Those Stuck Up Sluts)) Lovee Youu xx
P.S. Guess Who ;D Hehe
Thank you, love you too and yes hello super idiot, so youre the myseterious one who signed my year book ^.^
Wtf...that kinda ticks with my thinking.Meh, it's what I lived with. I still talk to her every now and then, though.
Meh, it's what I lived with. I still talk to her every now and then, though.that's good? -ish?
Well I came out pubically last year when I was about 17 almost 18.. It took me a lot of courage but it was easy for me because I had a shit load of supportive friends and I was lucky to live in a community that had a lot of bisexual's and gays and lesbians in it =P . My parents hate it and don't even acknoladge that I'm Bisexual though.. 

I say come out.. If your father truly loves you he'll accept it and wont go skitz at you for ever.. Sure they'll be a short period of horriblness.. But that will  pass =) .
thankyou,i hope not.  =)
So yeah, I totally made out with my boyfriend today.
I kinda have hickies everywhere.  Bad part is that I have graduation in a few days.
Anyone have any ideas about how to get rid of them? D: I don't want hickies showing while i have my pretty dress on.

(Keep rude or stupid comments to yourself please. .
Unless the thread needs to be moved or something.)
use tomato jucie and use blush and foundation  thats what i use
use makeup...
Tomato juice. o.o I shall try this.
And yeah I thought about make up but I was afraid it would rub off on my dress. Dx
Stay away from the powder stuff...that gets on pretty little things. You could use liquid foundation though.
That's what my friend Jessie told me and it worked (although now we learned how to leave no hickey.)
					
					

i agree, use liquild foundation
Lol, thank you.  That's a great tip. I'll try it.
It'll work just make sure you get your shade...
you do not want to look like my sister...
she's tan-ish pale and the liquid foundation she got was practically orange tan.
Made her face stick out like a Halloween pumpkin on Christmas.
I'm sure I have the right shade of foundation laying around somewhere... if not, maybe it's a slight darker than my color. but i'm sure it'll look fine.
Let's hope
I hate it when people say that its weird to date outside of your ethnic group.Some people say its wrong,and i honestly dont get why.For what reason is it wrong?I asked my mom if she would be mad if i dated or married a white guy(not being racist),and she said as long as he cared about me and i was happy, she wouldnt care.Is she wrong for that? Am i wrong for wanting to date outside my race(Im black by the way).Its just so confusing
Yeah...I understand what you mean....My best friend has that problem. She dates white guys, but unlike your mom, her parents don't like her dating them.....she does anyway though (: It shouldn't really matter what race you date as long as you are happy together (:
i agree with sophie. and my mother told if i dated outside my race(im black obviously. the pic of my baby bro  lol) she'd never talk to  & refuse to see meh and (if i have them) my kids. but if we ever did come over to her house.  we was NEVER allowed to be inside her house. well have to stay out on the porch or in the driveway ^__^ cant u just lubbs my mama
Thats not fair. i dont get why its such a problem.Ignorance, i guess, loves it's job.
idnt either .
Race is nothing but percieved biological differences, and wouldn't be a problem if we would simply cease to acknowledge it.
And, my grandfather is like that. I have insane respect for the man, but I'm afraid to ever take a girlfriend (if I had one lol) to his house to meet him, unless she's white. I don't know what he'd do... :/
shoot her with a rifle?
He has enough... Shotguns too.... But, no. He'd probably at first be appalled, and then save face like the generally nice old guy he is and be polite.
well atleast he'd try to be polite.
True. If he dropped the N bomb, he'd probably scramble around trying to apologize.
i dont see the problem with dating ppl frm a diff race
then it wouldnt really be That bad...just run for your life when she leaves
Yeah. Probably be leaving at the same time is her... Thank Zeus.
LOL, thats actually what i was thinking of when i said that. xD lol
My best friend actually has(had?..im not sure if they are together anymore) a white bf..and her dad would get all upset about it....and I feel so bad for her.....I'm lucky that my parents don't really care about race ^-^
Well, as a grown man and a staunch believer in I-D-G-A-F, I can promptly tell people to fuck off.
Its not wrong at all. You should be able to date whoever you want and Im native and my mom is somewhat racist and she said that i should only date natives but its not up to her. You should be allowed to date anyone of any color because underneath skin, we all look the same....bloody.....okay not what i planned to say.....we are all the same and equal so just follow your heart
It really does suck. My mother is against biracial dating (even though I'm only HALF black), and has done everything to keep me and my boyfriend seperated. She's even kicked me out for two days. She doesn't think it's wrong, she's just racist. I have to sneak around just to see him.

I'm still going to keep dating him, he's the best guy I have ever met.
I'm not too sure where my parents stand on that. I've never really cared to ask. Besides, I'll date whoever I want to date. If I'm happy, I don't really give a damn.
Most times it don't matter if majority of peeps feel the movement, if those in power don't feel you, and got no incentive or major threat facin' their way, then it's pointless for them to change things.
I personally don't like the fact that we don't have that right.  Its crazy.  I thought people wanted everyone to have equal rights.  I despise it.  I mean, one day what if I want to marry my girl, but its not legal where we live?  Its not fair.  There is no real reason why we shouldnt be able to marry who we want.  Love is love, no matter who you love 
Its not like you can control who you love, love is love and it dont matter who you love because you love them 
Its not like you can control who you love, love is love and it dont matter who you love because you love them 
hahahaha yeah so true..... its soo stupid .
Screw the goverment
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
I've heard a lot of people say that gay marriages aren't legal in some (U.S.) states because marriage is "holy" matrimony, and it's strictly related to Christianity. And they say homosexuality's a sin. And also because it's "insincere".
I find that statement just really stupid. People get drunk and marry each other in Vegas all the time, there's no law against them. That's insincere.
And can't Muslims get married? Oh, but I thought holy matrimony were for Christians.

The government doesn't really have a good reason to discriminate gay marriage (AND IT IS DISCRIMINATION). They're just homophobes with power. And this is what happens when homophobes have power.
you should be able to marry who you want. i agree with you squirrelsoap . some people need to realise that were not going to change cuz they dont like /agree with the choices we have made .
Screw the goverment yeah
You should only be able to marry opposite sex.

If you want a union with the same implications as marriage for same-sex then I'm all for it but... literally getting married is a religious convention and I'm pretty sure religions are anti-homosexual.

I'm all for same-sex unions but complaining about same-sex marriage is like sending a threatening letter to vegan restaurants for not serving you steak.
You should only be able to marry opposite sex.If you want a union with the same implications as marriage for same-sex then I'm all for it but... literally getting married is a religious convention and I'm pretty sure religions are anti-homosexual.I'm all for same-sex unions but complaining about same-sex marriage is like sending a threatening letter to vegan restaurants for not serving you steak.True, but, people are stubborn. Everyone's got to make something out of nothing.
Two strangers that met at a bar in Vegas can go get married that same night, but gays can't?Because it's religious practice?  Yeah right.That's just homphobia at it's finest.Illegalizing gay marriage breaks the first amendment of the Constitution:The government made Same-Sex marriage illegal because it's a sin in Christianity. According to the first amendment, they're not even allowed to do that... (In the U.S.)Psh, with the way the government is today, the amendments might as well not matter. Bill of Rights my arse.
Psh, with the way the government is today, the amendments might as well not matter. Bill of Rights my arse.That's kinda why the government's pissing people off right now, lol. XD
Two strangers that met at a bar in Vegas can go get married that same night, but gays can't?Because it's religious practice?  Yeah right.That's just homphobia at it's finest.Illegalizing gay marriage breaks the first amendment of the Constitution:The government made Same-Sex marriage illegal because it's a sin in Christianity. According to the first amendment, they're not even allowed to do that... (In the U.S.)Please stop being stupid.. lol.Marriage was invented by religion, for religion and carried out by religion... it is a religious practice for the union of one man and one woman and traditionally the buildup to the couple then having children together. You have absolutely no right to sit there and complain about it.I am honestly getting tired of this whole 'you must accept who I am and cater for me' business.
YOU CANNOT HELP WHO YOU FALL IN LOVE WITH. PEOPLE DO NOT CHOOSE WHO THEY WOULD LIKE TO FALL IN LOVE WITH. IT'S YOUR HEART THAT CHOOSES.
Please stop being stupid.. lol.Marriage was invented by religion, for religion and carried out by religion... it is a religious practice for the union of one man and one woman and traditionally the buildup to the couple then having children together. You have absolutely no right to sit there and complain about it.I am honestly getting tired of this whole 'you must accept who I am and cater for me' business.Wow, rude much?I'm not being stupid at all.If gays shouldn't get married, neither should alcoholics.Nor Muslims. Hindus. Nor liars. Nor thieves.Homosexuality's a sin according to Christianity, yeah. But so is getting drunk, worshiping other gods, lying and stealing. If people are going to discriminate based on their beliefs, at least put ALL the sinners in there. Geez.
YOU CANNOT HELP WHO YOU FALL IN LOVE WITH. PEOPLE DO NOT CHOOSE WHO THEY WOULD LIKE TO FALL IN LOVE WITH. IT'S YOUR HEART THAT CHOOSES.So true
Who the fuck really knows  no one really knows if what the bible says is true and everyone thinks the bible says different things, who the fuck really knows what religion is? The government tells us what to believe all the time. I think people should be able to marry and love who ever they want, if being gay is wrong why does it happen? Having sex before marriage is against religion too, so is a whole shit loud of other things. I bet half the people who talk bad about gays and dont like gay marriage do worse things.People need to stop making up bs about why being gay and gay marriage is so wrong and just let it happen and start thinking about the shit in this world that is REALLY bad and SHOULDN'T happen.
Ship Happens that is all i have to say.
shit*
Just curious on people's opinions on alesana and motionless in white :3 do me it's pure love '
uh...wtf is this topic doing on Gender/Sexuality.....
i am just wonderin for reference to find out   I hav been Bisexual for about a year or two now after amd ahhmazing experiment with a close friend. but i just want oto know if you guys actually find me attractive :3
Actually, I think your really pretty
Aww thankyou
Yepp. I would. I'm very picky with this. I don't mean to, but yeah your really pretty.
I think I sound like that creepy little thing off of Lord of The Rings...you know "My precious!" god I don't wanna sound like that.
I'm just friendly. My friends tell me they wanted to experiment with me..I don't though...I'm picky.
Although I'm not on the very pretty side...more of the adorable kid side.... :/
Haha thanx  xox
i am just wonderin for reference to find out   I hav been Bisexual for about a year or two now after amd ahhmazing experiment with a close friend. but i just want oto know if you guys actually find me attractive :3Yes, thankyu shae, it was pretty amazing, wasnt it? hahah And yes you are attractive, honey,
Haha thanx babe
didnt think u would see these hehe
of course i would, i always check these forums.
hehe

How do I get to know him better when he's so mute ? 
Be nice and friendly and maybe show him some of your interests too.?He might come out of his shell if he realizes you have something in common and make sure he knows that you're not going to judge him considering that's one of the main reasons people are shy.Also the more you are around him and the more you talk to him the more he'll become used to you being there and he'll get to know you more.
well if you have a major crush on him then when he is alone at the right moment just say hi and just ask bout him it might jus work out but keep ur crush silent for a while the you can tell him  when the time is right it might be the only way to get tew know him and his interest a better way to make him like u i guess try it and see if it might work
I could give advice on how to talk/approach but somehow I doubt this is going to help too much. If he is REALLY shy then bear in mind it's a hell of a lot easier for someone to talk online than it is irl. Are you going to bond better in person with other people's advice? Probably... but online you might actually get a more substantial reply if you make sure to keep raising conversation topics, giving him time to respond and thinking of new excuses to pm topics if he doesn't reply for an extended time.

Long-term... bad idea. First few steps? Might work.
i woul dagree with this just show him u care
Just walk up and introduce yourself. Tell him he looks cool and then just walk away.
o_o
And then the next day, say hi and ask him his name.
And then the day after, try to spark up a short conversation.

Works all the time with me. xD
just go up 2 him n say hi get to now him
I am extremely shy and quiet in school and when someone walks up to me and says hi or asks me a question I'll start talking to them. Like the next day we will talk some more and we will talk almost everyday and sooner or later we are somewhat friends.

Talk to him and get to know him. Eventually he will be the one finding you to say hi
Jus be friendly to start with
Ok so i have been keeping my secret in for years that im bi. I was scared that all my friends would think that im weird and dis-own me.I mean i didn't even know how to tell every body...      But i finally started to tell ppl , the first group of ppl i told where meh skater friends (love u guys) . They where like "dude that so fucking hot"...not what i expected:P     So don't be afraid, yeah i had some ppl stop talking to me because i was bi...but if they can't except who i am than i don't need to be friends with them anyways.
most guys find bi girls awesome.. probably due to a mix of finding girl on girl hot and you still being "fair game" by liking guys too.
uhm ironically....Iv never told anyone that im pansexual. And On Thanksgiving day of this year....I came out to my brothers...It was scary but they acted just like I knew they would....Like complete dumb asses but it wasnt as bad as i thought it was gonna be. But they still dont treat me any different at least and my parents already have a slight suspicion that I am. But I actually havnt told them yet...But Im really open about me but just not my sexuality....with me living in a super religious household its not so easy to come out..
sunny i look  up to you lol. i don't really have the balls (figure of speech..i have no balls i am a female) to tell ppl that i am bi, of  corse there are a hand full who know but my parents and friends (not close friends) don't really know
i wish i could get over the fear of what they would say :/ cause i'm bi but the only people who know are my 2 younger sister's and they accept me for it which is good and i know my older sister wouldn't care and same wth my mum but i just don't think i could ever tell my friend's a few of them are christian and say its "un-natural" if it comes up into a conversation and yeah so idk :/ but i seriously look up to you wish i had that courage!
well when i told people i was yell at my EX freind and i was LIKE WHAT YOU DON'T LIKE DANNY COZ HE IS GAY SO THAT MUST ME YOU HATE ME COZ I AM BISEXUAL IS THAT IT TIFFANY everyone in the class looks at me and thats how it started for me
Well..... I am not bi ....but my Best friend is..and telling my parents about is was interesting..my mom didn't really care because she loves my bestfriend anyway and I was very thankful of that....and my dad...was okay about it i guess.....idk...but I guess I'm lucky to have accepting parents....and if your friends can't accept you for you..its not your fault..its their..they just need to get over themselves and they need to see that you are the smae person not matter who you like....
these are the times when you find out who you're real friends are.
Its been years since I realised that I was into girls and guys and I still havent been able to come out and tell my parents or my family, Ive told my friends though and I lost a few over it
Anyone else in a same sex relationship? And if so who wears the pants? Or does it switch lol I find myself both being the girly one and the aggressor sometimes
yea
I was in a same sex relationship and I was pretty much the guy, not saying i hated it lol
I wore the pants and on certain occasions she would. It sometimes switched but i was the guy for the most part.
haha wishin i was in a relationship with same sex  but the one i was previously in it was even
well i have a friend who is gay, but he tells everyone one else hes straight. does he see me as a preditor or is he confused. im bi i am admiting to tha but im sure. so why would he give two stories??
well maybe he trusts you more than any other friend..i think he is jus scared of what other people might say but he trusts you enough not to judge him.
he doesnt talk to me he actually slags me off to other friends i have had. so i thank u for the opinion but im sure its not that
he is prolly afraid of how others will react. rejection and all that.
He's afraid of descrimination, believe me, I have been open about being in a gay relationship and the shit we got for it almost didn't make being together worth it but we pulled through, homophobia is honestly rediculous!!
He's probably just scared of rejection. Don't worry! *hugs* I kno how hard it can be sometimes. And I'm bi too. :3
He's scared. Just don't force him out of the closet.
Before i came out to every one i was bi i was telling all i was straight and defending against people calling me gay or stuff but i had a few friends i told i was bi. The reason i had two stories was so other didn't find out for i didn't know how they would take it and i just wanted to fit in and stuff. But now that i'm out its great! People still treat me the same! if not nicer xD .

So just give him time, keep supporting him. He will come out when hes ready.
well i have a friend who is gay, but he tells everyone one else hes straight. does he see me as a preditor or is he confused. im bi i am admiting to tha but im sure. so why would he give two stories??Because he's afraid of judgement, and he trusts you.Honk honk-Gamzee
well sadly he doesnt want to be friends with me but its because of a different reason things have happened over the last year and stuff. but i love all of you you guy for helping me out with this problem, and im sure if it happens again i will be able to sort it out in the future.LOVE from OCTOBER
maybe he isnt ready for everyone to know.
calling all proud bisexuals!!!! lets chat.
Hellows there im Tiffany  Im a proud motherfucking bi-sexual emo chick,, nice to meet you
Hi there :3
Hey! Im chloe and im bi and fuckin proud :]
Hellows everyone

hey
hey
For him I'd go to the end of the world, for her I d jump off it
Hi.
hello peoples!!! haha. i was bored so i made this :] and im bi. hehe
Ohss. Hai thar
hey humans
Hello, human.
-Pokes you-
Why don't humans have horns? And why isn't your skin grey?
Honk honk

-Gamzee
Lol nice gamzee
Hiya Guys!!! Im Jake...or Walter  ..Im A Little Shy   But Im Gay...But Lately Girls Have Been Some What Pretty To Me  ...But Guys Are Mostly My Thing...But I Love You All
Ohai 
Jayy ^^
Hey :3 ima shevii ^___^


How is everyone today?
Hey!! Im a bi guy and even though i have a girlfriend id still date a guy!!!
Hello!^^ i fall in love regardless of gender
hay im caleb, c.j  or jj whatever im bi and i dont give a shit what people think friend me i dont bite i only nibble lol
Ok...so all the time I'm getting asked y on this topic...so my question is...y is it so hard to except me for me
becuse ppl like to be stuck in there ways... and dont have a open mind... ik the feeling its not fun... but if ppl dont want to except u its there problem for being so close minded... hope i helped
Because humans label relationships with orientations.Where I'm from, love was love.There's no gay or straight or bisexual.That's why there's all this hate.Because of motherfuckin labels.Honk honk-Gamzee
Because humans label relationships with orientations.Where I'm from, love was love.There's no gay or straight or bisexual.That's why there's all this hate.Because of motherfuckin labels.Honk hon, -GamzeeI agree to an extent, to me it's more like Humans tend to label other humans with orientations, which to me is ridiculous, ones orientation shouldn't be a defining character.
I agree to an extent, to me it's more like Humans tend to label other humans with orientations, which to me is ridiculous, ones orientation shouldn't be a defining character....That's what I just said.People make it a thing, and it shouldn't be.
Because humans label relationships with orientations.Where I'm from, love was love.There's no gay or straight or bisexual.That's why there's all this hate.Because of motherfuckin labels.Honk honk-GamzeeAgree!
Nope not really
denial of something or hating it doesn't mean you don't have an open mind for instance people say i'm close minded for refusing to believe in religion isn't that just irony?
people are saying whatever about your sexuality to look cool or hard infront of their friends it's something for them to laugh at or why could just actually be woundering, stop taking it all to heart jesus woman
:l
I agree. As humans, we want to label things. Sometimes it's essential. Also, we fear things we do not understand. Like pedophiles, technologically advanced people, spiders... homosexuals. It's what people do. This is why ignorance is such a big deal in our world. People are ignorant, so they reject things. Don't hold it against them. They're ignorant. It's like blaming a three-year-old for not being able to recite the alphabet.
I agree. As humans, we want to label things. Sometimes it's essential. Also, we fear things we do not understand. Like pedophiles, technologically advanced people, spiders... homosexuals. It's what people do. This is why ignorance is such a big deal in our world. People are ignorant, so they reject things. Don't hold it against them. They're ignorant. It's like blaming a three-year-old for not being able to recite the alphabet.No. In layman's terms, most pedophiles have the urge to fuck little children. I don't see what's hard to understand about that.
people should be aloud to love as they want
if a person is against love like that they should just except and be happy they are not what they hate
and not worry with what others are doing cuz what they are doing is what they decide
God gave me no right to control the wills of others if they wish to follow homosexuality then they have the freedom to do it
God gave me no right to control the wills of others if they wish to follow homosexuality then they have the freedom to do itHow does one 'follow homosexuality', pray tell?Since it's an orientation I don't see how you would follow it..I mean, I don't homosexual eat lunchOr homosexual park my car.I don't see the problem here.
u can either gay or straight
and he choose straight
You cannot "follow homosexuality". 
.
Jeez ma knees its a figure of speech v.v
Were i come from u can get killed for your sexuality its not safe anymore &gt;.&lt; i just dont know why people wont exept the world and its people for what and who it is. Grrrr! Drives meh crazi xxxxxxxxxxx
					
					

people are assholes who cant accept that love is love no matter who it is you love.  people just need to learn to accept that we cant control who we love, it just happens.  everyone always makes fun of me and makes awful jokes but hey, fuck them if they cant just get over their silly issues :]
I know but to go as far as to KILL someone for it?! They have to be mind fuged. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
No, it's not hard to understand.
It's because the human race is full of idiots.
I'm an idiot, but at least I get homosexuality.
i hate how being gay can be excepted, and same with lesbian, but bisexual is treated like an alien v.v
most people are just closed minded. anyone who doesnt like it you dont want to be around .-.
most people are just closed minded. anyone who doesnt like it you dont want to be around .-.No, it's not hard to understand.It's because the human race is full of idiots.I'm an idiot, but at least I get homosexuality.i agree.
i hate how being gay can be excepted, and same with lesbian, but bisexual is treated like an alien v.vNo offence meant but I imagine in your case it's not the bisexual part that makes them treat you that way.Also bisexual is commonly just seen as desperate and someone keeping their options open...
UGH, I HATE that people can't accept someone as themselves
No offence meant but I imagine in your case it's not the bisexual part that makes them treat you that way.Also bisexual is commonly just seen as desperate and someone keeping their options open...no offense but i dont like you
no offense but i dont like youUsually happens when people decide to take things personally instead of reading things for what they are,
^Why would you say "no offense" with an insult attached to it? It was an insult aimed at her, so saying "don't take things personally" is really just kinda stupid.

But yeah, humans tend to be stupid. They don't like you because they were raised not to like homos.
. It's not hard to get, they're just too stupid to understand.
ok, so i had this dream last night about one of my best friends. were were running around and i tripped and my friend landed on top of me. we kinda stared at each other then we... kissed.
now i have this really bg crush on her that makes things ackward even tho she has no idea. she is straight and i am gay so its not like i can say sumthing....
what shud i do?
You could tell her, just let her know how you feel and explain to her that your not going to force her to return your feelings and you are happy to still be just friends ... sorry im not much help at all .
i am may not be an expert but i think you should tell her go with a calm approach try to tell her to make her understand your point of view to make her see if she can like you too in the case she sticks to being straight and you still want to be friends sorry for not being much of a help
You don't have to tell her you know.
If you like your friendship and don't want to make it awkward or anything, maybe it's best if you don't say anything. Well, at least not too soon. D:
Thanks for all ur advice.
i decided to tell another friend and she is orginising a truth or dare party at her house this weekend so that i can tell my my friend how i feel  without like having to properlally tell her if ya know what i mean.....
hope it works out
Wish you good luck
I feel confused. Like, I like girls..But I also like boys I think. I really don't have a clue. I'd love to be with someone who loved me for who I am and who would care about me, But Idk if I'm Bi. What would you suggest I should do to find out if I am or not? Also - I think I'm gonna' tell my bestfriend (who's a girl) on Saturday that I'm bi-curious. I'm scared though.
Well first off if you have had feeling about both boys and girls, and had thought about either dating a boy and a girl (of cause not at the same time haha) then you most likily are bi

But techniqually most people are Bi-curious cause they have wondered what it would be like to be with someone of the same sex..

And don't be scared about telling your best friend, she should understand if she is your best friend 

I hope my little bit of advice help sorry if it didnt xx
Yeah, I have..Like, I've wondered what it would be like cause' when I spoke to someone who was bi from the same sex, they made me feel happy and I didn't care that they were the same sex as me, I kinda' liked them. I dunno' if thats pansexual cause' I was more attracted to their personality?

But thanks  It did help. I'm just scared of not being accepted xx
You might be but im not to knowledgable about Pansexual so i wouldnt be able to give you advice on if you were or not sorry..

And

yeah it was hard telling my best friend that i was Bi but she was really chilled about it so just make sure you have a clear mind and now most of my close friends know they are all chilled about it aswell hshs (and of cause anyone who reads my facebook)

And about the being accepted anyone who is your true friend will accept you no matter what!  i was scared of that aswell mainly because there is only one other Bi chic at my school and she gets heaps of shit about it but she hides it alot more and since i have been open about it i dont really care if people dont like me just cause Bi thats there fault


but if you ever need anyone to talk to just inbox me  xx
You should check out Savage Love by Dan Savage. He does the "It Gets Better" project. Anyway, he has a great advice podcast and such. He answers a lot of questions about sexuality.
The first thing you need to ask your self is " self, do I think I could have a loving relationship with this girl/guy" 
Next...is this person excepting
Third...could I ever love them
i hade the same feeling and i told my friend of the oppiset sex that i was bi and she knew what i ment it turned out she was bi to and how hard it was to not tell people if she is your best friend she should accsept u for u not because your bi
i feel the same way
ok so about a year ago me and this girl fooled arounde and stuff but i like guys alot but ever since me and the chick fooled around i have had feelings for her and i kind think about that night and i always wondered if i was bi or just bi curiouse i really dont no i kind find girls sexually attractive but i find guys way more sexually attractive um im so confused anyone have some help ful advice :/
So I had this wierd dream that ended with me kissing this chick in a park & these 2 ugly chicks with too much makeup started booing us and I yelled something like shut up, and I started fighting them and then I woke up. I wonder if this means anything at all. I think it may mean I shouldn't get a gf right now. I'm bi, & there are a lot of homophobes in my school. I was wondering if anyone could give me some ideas on how to ask girls out. Guys too, if u have advice. The dream was just something to start this off with. If u have any advice pls tell me! 


i think i agree with you, it may mean you shouldnt be looking for a gf right now because if you do, you may get a lot of crap about it. HOWEVER, you shouldnt let other people get to you anyway, so i dunno.

also, am i the only one that noticed this was posted at 11:11?

make a wish. 
Since I was 13, I've been around people that hold hands and kiss. I've always wondered why I don't have that. Is it because I'm different, people don't like me? I've never known. I feel like I should have that. I want someone that will hug me from behind, that will hold my hand even when I don't say anything, that won't judge me and like me for who I am, and someone who will cuddle by me and hug me. I want to put my head on their chest, listening to their heartbeat. Make me feel safe, like nothing bad could happen to me. But, I don't have that, I probably won't for a while. I understand that a lot of people feel this way but, why do I? I just want somebody, doesn't everyone? I want somebody who will love me.
Your still young. We all are. You shouldn't need to be worrying about this newstyle early "love" stuff. Wait till your much older before you worry about it ey =) . In the mean time just run around and have fun =D! Do the things you love and establish your life like carrerr and dream wise =) .
I agree with Nathan. Your still young.....Focus on other things in your life while your still young like school, Family, your hobbies, etc. Make life as much fun as you possibly can. And in the process you may end up finding that special someone. But dont rush into love with the first person who meet or fall in love with. Especially when you always feel alone. But anyways live your life to the fullest and you could possibly end up meeting that person down the road in life...!
I used to think like this all the time im 16 now. When i was 13 i met this Dude he was all sweet and stuff, how wrong i was. He screwed me over, soo really now when i see people holding hands and stuff like that. I think i'm happy being single! I can flirt with people, cuddle for fun, kiss and all that. I'm not looking for love anymore if it want's me it'll come bite me in the ass to find me, cause im sure not looking. So be young have fun and party! (Depending on what age you are) And when Cupid want's to find you, like i said he'll bite you in the ass. Hope i helped! If not, message me!
I agree with Nathan. Your still young.....Focus on other things in your life while your still young like school, Family, your hobbies, etc. Make life as much fun as you possibly can. And in the process you may end up finding that special someone. But dont rush into love with the first person who meet or fall in love with. Especially when you always feel alone. But anyways live your life to the fullest and you could possibly end up meeting that person down the road in life...!Thanks this does help and thnak you for the poem I love it! I should add u as a friend.
yeah just wait for love,but in the while ur waiting watch ur friends get hurt cuz they made stupid decisions not u! learn from they're mistakes!
hi im a 16 yr old good looking guy but i dont no if im gay or not i lov girls but seems when they make a move i dont go with it and if im with a boy----- freind i tend to get to where i think im hitting on them but dont no what to do.....
nawwhhh i  think you could be  bi
Dude your 16 not every 16 year old boy knows what to do with a girl, and well my Sergeant major once said "Are you gay?! I know I'm not Ive sucked two dicks in my life one to see what it was like and the other to see if I was a homo!" So basically find out for yourself
Its all up to you how you see it do you want a guy to kiss you and have a relantionship with him
or would you rather a girl
what gender do you rather like
you can't just chose to be gay like u can chose an ice cream i belive you are born gay, bi ,lez or any other what does your heart say
your bi
It's all up to you at the end of the day! If you think you're bi, you most likely are. If you think you're gay, you probably are and so on. You're 16, I'm 17 and I still don't know what I am and I'm sure there's plenty of people in their 20's who still aren't sure. Just have a think if you could be in a relationship with a boy or a girl, maybe both (Obviously not at the same time haha) Hope that's helped a bit.
Ahhh so this is going to be an interesting topic. Guys who are constantly horny. Good boyfriend o no? ;P I think it's a little annoying. Ya know just talking to a guy and then out of no where he's all like yeeahh fuck me. It's just so damn awkward!! I know that's just the average guy but dammn. okkkaay imma just stop typing for this conversation becomes detailed, lol.
i think its immature the way i look at sex is that it should be a special thing saved for very special occasions and should be kept to a minimum most relationships are weird or bad due to fucking everytime you see each other... dumb!
Guys that are constantly horny are fucking annoying -_-its like dude wtf  its like one of my friends the other day come up to me and go hey wanna get a room and fuck ? and im like no what the fuck you horny asshole :/ sometimes i find it creepy when its someone random
i think its immature the way i look at sex is that it should be a special thing saved for very special occasions and should be kept to a minimum most relationships are weird or bad due to fucking everytime you see each other... dumb! I agree with this person rite hurr. Sex shouldnt be the main basis of a relationship or itll never ever work out. But what institgates a special occasion? either partner could be like "alright its the day before friday thats pretty special!"   So I believe It should just be whenever you are in a very romantic mood having a great day and both of you are wanting to do it. 
Haha, I don't mind it. . . if it's not in a douchebag way of meaning it.
Though personally, I'm not like that, oh yes, playing the innocent card.
i hate it when its gross, like if a guy tells me im pretty ir sexy or anything, just because they are horny does not mean its not a compliment,even if its to only get in ur pants, but when it gwts gross im like... no fuck off
I think guys who are constantly horny are fun to mess with not like have sex with but just to tease. They get all  silly when you tease them and alot of them end up jut pretending to be horny not actually like that all the time
let me put this in simple words guys whom are depressed need constant sex
let me put this in simple words guys whom are depressed need constant sexy??
Ughhhh, typical teenage guy for yah D:
all my ex boyfriends were like that....i think its fine for me nd a guy to have phone sex, but if it gets to far im like HOLD IT.! know ur boundries nd youll be fine
y??cause it's a remedy 4 depression fun and raises self esteem
Ughhhh, typical teenage guy for yah D:all my ex boyfriends were like that....i think its fine for me nd a guy to have phone sex, but if it gets to far im like HOLD IT.! know ur boundries nd youll be fine  hey ima chick with no boundries, lol, but seriously with my significant other we have no boundries unless you count keepin it hidden asa boundry we kinda have to at this age...loldont call it gross ik some will....
I like my best friend but I don't know if she likes me back.How do I find out?
You could ask other mutual friends, or ask one of her friends. Or just ask her yourself.
You could do certain things and see how she react to them, lyk maybe touching her hands or something idk.
Asskkk herrrr~
Just Go ask Her Or Just go up to her and Kiss her!
hey guys, my sis has known i am bi for a log time but the other day when my boyfriend was over she made a joke saying i fancied a girl that i didnt. my boyfriend knew it was lies but im very hurt that my sister would joke about my sexualitywhat should i do??have you had any issues with this??what is your oppinion??
my mother does that all the time ..constantly  making fun of me and making jokes and crap..

if you dont like your sister doing so however have a talk with her and if that doesnt work just ignore her people will always make fun of other people because of small and silly differences... but its not about their oppinion.. if you and your bf know its not true no one elses oppinion should matter..
					
					

my cousin does that all the time. i just hit hit and call him an asshole. that usually works. just tell your sis it bothered you. I'm sure she'll understand.
Tell her its nun of her busines if your bi or not who u like and who you don't tell her to back off
i get it all the time by chicks at school
People who do that are assholes cause ppl r different I'm nt bi myself but I stand up for any and everyone so I'm not sure exactly what I should say but u should  confront her first if that don't work ignore it best u can sorry I can't be any help...
I might be able to give others advice about their orientation, but sometimes I need my own advice, too.

I'm more attracted to girls than boys, but I date more boys than girls in fear of getting made fun of. But I've loved every single person I've dated. I don't know what I am. 

Could it be the fact that I'm transsexual coming into play, or am I really that confused?
You're bi-sexual if you truly like each sex. You don't have to exactly be half and half. You can be like 60/40, or 70/30. It doesn't matter. And don't be afraid to date girls. Hiding your true self is NEVER the way to go.
Tell him the truth or your going to hurt him more
I really REALLY REALLY can't stand causing people pain. It'll probably kill me.
I already can't forgive my self
I was in Erics position once....its gonna kill him when he finds out because he will eventually, and he'll end up despising you and hating you you have to be honest not just for him but yourself
I feel like I should wait to see if my feelings change, it's not that I don't like him I just don't love him. I'm having a hard time reading my emotions and maybe it's because I can't trust him. I'm just so damn confused
Do what you need to do
I try
Do what ever your heart tells you to do not your head trust me i sorta can relate
Thanks, I'm just so bad at love
The issue of gay marriage is very important to me. Or as I like to call it, marriage. Because I had a cup of coffee this morning, not gay coffee. I went for a walk, not a gay walk. 
If two people love each other, they should be able to be together if they wanted too, right?
So true, why cant people understand that marrage isn't about genders its about spending the rest of your life with the person you love
					
					

I want to like this post, but you ripped off someone's quote and didn't even cite it. _ That annoys me. 


Still, its a good topic, i dont think gender matters in love, as long as you are happy. Its a shame people get insulted for it, but even so, if they have the courage to put everything on the line for their love then more power to them, they win in the end.
^ i agree
Still, its a good topic, i dont think gender matters in love, as long as you are happy. Its a shame people get insulted for it, but even so, if they have the courage to put everything on the line for their love then more power to them, they win in the end.:l says the person leah had to force to marry. lmfgao
LOL we are the same sex?!
no but still 
lmao xD
Beautifully put. I couldn't agree more.
I've never had an emo boyfriend yet:(
Why does your boyfriend have to be emo?
-first thoughts- man u must be pretty desparate. nobodys just gonna pop up and say "Date Meh! Im A Boy And Emo! " (unless they are desparate to) And im pretty sure this isnt a Dating Site. Imay sound like a bitch but i haves no sympathy for pples who do this
Ima Boy and immmmmmmm nooottt emo sorry xP
					
					

remember some people are just gonna make you think they love you
Don't look for an emo. Sure they might be like the sweetest guys ever but theyre really sencitave, just look for a guy. ( btw this isn't a dating site so go some where else
pickle that is all.
tbh..just find a guy thats right for you....doesnt have to be emo, scene, jock, whatever..it just has to be someone you care about and who cares for you (:and yes..this

isnt a dating site -.-
LMAO, wow night. GO LOOK 4 A REAL GUY IN PERSON. GTFO. K BYE.... lol leah true that.
I dont have enough hands to do enough facepalms at this thread _
LOL.

Quick! Everyone join in facepalming!
nah I'm good.
-300 faceplams(negi style lol)  shawns- there i helps xD
Don't look for a labeled boyfriend.

Hell, don't look for a boyfriend.
Just live, the person will come.
Ill date you
not a dating site .
pickle that is all.LmfaooooSardines.
I've never had an emo boyfriend yet:( yes me to i never have a emo boyfriend i think emo boys is cute and good lookingso i just need one as a boyfriend...thanks
There's no emo-boyfriend it doesn't exist actually. It's just music genre. 
And DONT JUST SIT THERE FRONT OF YOUR COMPUTER SCREEN AND WAIT FOR ONE THREAD THAT WOULD POP UP. YOURE WASTING YOUR TIME. GET YOUR ASS OFF THE COMPUTRR AND GO OUT AND FIND ONE... :3
And DONT JUST SIT THERE FRONT OF YOUR COMPUTER SCREEN AND WAIT FOR ONE THREAD THAT WOULD POP UP. YOURE WASTING YOUR TIME. GET YOUR ASS OFF THE COMPUTRR AND GO OUT AND FIND ONE... :3^Exactly...GET YO LAZY ASS UP AND DO SHTUFF :3
Closed.
Well, I broke up with my boyfriend Becuase he Hates self harmers. And kept saying we're  'pathetic' 
So yeah I'm sure you guys understand xxx :3 I'm 14, i have a load of mental shit but your gonna have to ask to find out :3 thank you xxx
O.o sorry but i fail to see the point in this topic. are you looking for a bf?(im guessing that is the point of this topic and not about the mental health stuff because u posted it in Gender and Sexuality not in the help section) if so dont post here. this isnt a dating site so dont treat it like one. if you have a question about Gender and Sexuality then post it but dont post looking for a bf (i feel kinda mean posting this but its true)
Hey IM 13 to
Okay first... this isn't a dating site. Second fact you're 14 really concerns me that you're posting "looking for a boyfriend" not that you're too young to date but that just isn't safe behavior online. I hope you don't meet people off facebook as well. Third, try talking to people and making friends. Posting for bf's and stuff on EP doesn't work well as you can see.
Agreed. Not madd at ALL. online dating isnt worth it and isnt safe. online roleplaying however... ;D
					
					

iswear. if i caught this thread sooner. someone would have there feelings hurt. Badly.  but iddnt (damn u danny and duncan btws) 
but ishall say this. gtfo ur lazy ass and go find someone. Stop being such a desparate stupid hoar.(goes for everyone posting on here looking for someone) 
like jeez. why turn to online dating in the fucking first. all these pples can be fucking Old Geezers  hiding on a fucking computer wont change ur fucking life.  ur problems are still going to be there. so why dnt u do urself a favor and go fucking face them.  likw wtfs. 
wtfs ish with u horny bunnys. dammit iswear. we need a   Desparate Hoar Zone.  just so ican bring them done a size  
(iwould go retro and say "no one wants u  and blah blah." but thats to mean :3) 
just wtfs ppls. wtfs. 
and if ur so desparate for a "piece of meat". Suck My Indefedent Cock. u desparate hoar.
leah... you just made my day xD
Rofllllllllll Leah. I'm about to that point too... my patience is at zero with people now.
why is it so hard to find, someone to love me for me
Idk dearie.  Know how you feel though.  No one wants to just accept me and take me for who i am.
I know what you feel. However in my case, I just feel as if I don't connect with other people.
Huhuhu, but it's okay.
Maybe some fine day, you bump into the right person for you c:
It's hard 'cause there's only one girl out there that's truly right for you x)
But you'll find her some day.
im emo and it seems that no one will take me for me but theres someone out there:)
You will find someone as long as you are open to it (:
Hey
There is some one out there for every one.
It's just a matter of your two paths crossing. The question is when will that happen. The more social you are the more people you meet in different settings the more likely you are to meet your soul mate.
The most important thing is to be your self when you meet them so they will know it's you.

Good luck
some people so that bi people are just fakers, and i don't know how i feel about this...what are some people thoughts on this. I myself am bi and i want to find out if I'm more for girls or guys :/
dont listen to them just go with what u feel about it their opinions dont matter
the people that say this dont realize. they dont acctually know that everybody is bisexual. they are just scared :3 be yourself hun.
the people that say this dont realize. they dont acctually know that everybody is bisexual. they are just scared :3 be yourself hun.i agree totally
Just be yourself, love happily 
Just be open to falling in love and don't worry about gender.
There stupid...I'm bi and personally...I'm loving every minute of it..so fuck them
Ok, so im Bisexual, and I have had a crush on my friend for a while, im not sure exactly why.We get allong well, i admire her individuality and lack of concern for what others think of her. At times i get so frustrated with her for how she embarasses and annoys me often, but oddly enough i wouldnt mind kissing her for some reason. She tells me alot about how she hates her family and wants to die, because of their religious strictness.She said she had a secret, something her parents would never approve, ok at this point i already knew, but i waited till the next day to ask her. Today she told me she was secretly bisexual, and in return i told her that my untold secret was i had gone out with a girl last year.(Nobody really knew i had, because i hadnt ever came out to my friends and few people really knew.)She seemed happy i had came out to her, and i she had to switch classes after that so we really didnt finish talking. Im not sure if she is interested in me...how can i show her i like her in a subtle, but not too forceful way?
Listen fuck subtly, tell her outright be honest she says no sorry shit happens but you can't go around hinting at shit yea gotta just be forthright
hang with her, stand slightly closer than normal.... wait a few days and ask her out  she will love that you had the guts to act on it.
Take a leap of faith and ask her out! ^.^  you never know what could happen, so just go for it.
Love is feeling it it doesn't matter what sex you are love is a powerful thing I mean people have the right to love the same sex I mean it's their obsection to fall in love with anyone why ate people so blind they can't see that
I'm still waiting for my love
When you refer to those that hate homosexuals you mean Christians? Christians hate the sin not the sinner in gods eyes homosexuality is an abomination and while we care for the person we do not care for the sin it is what it is the world is a very fickle place
well just love who u want its w/e, haters goin hateeeeeeeeeeeee
Love is love, no matter if you're gay, straight, bi or pan 
ok, this is a little confussing but basically i kinda have an alter ego. her name is Isabelle, and she isnt so much dominant but still existant. hers the thing... she's in love with my friend who is in love with me, she wants to do everything for him, she'd do anything to make him happy. i on the otherhand am still in love with my ex. my friend and i dated for a bit and we started to fool around but he wanted more from me then what i wanted so i have a small spark of hatred and fear in me towards him. yet Isabelle stillloves him because it didnt happen to her, she knows it happened but she doesnt care, she would have done it, where as i didnt want to. i dont know what to do. she loves him and i have hatred for him
awww hun! you need to reason with Isabelle. she needs to understand that you two are one, and that she needs to respect your feelings. hopefully you can find someone that you both like :3 maybe avoid him or explain the situation to him. If you ever wanna talk, go head and chat me up sweetie  we all need to talk to someone. vent and all that  good luck
thanks, that's so helpful! ^.^
ok i like dicks. thats a definate. but while watching porn, i tend to like the lesbian stuff more then the straight. when i see people i think to myself 'hot/not' to guys and girls alike. i'm leaning towards bi but im just not sure. i joke with my friend about loving her and stuff and that i all it is. but i can never imagine myself with a girl so would i be more bi-curious? question, questions so many questions.
You sound straight, it's perfectly natural to like watching something with same-sex involvement or be curious for reasons of comparing yourself to them or just to understand yourself better. Finding someone of a specific sex hot doesn't really define your sexuality, more what you enjoy actually having sexual contact with.

Bi-curious isn't a sexuality, it's just a word for straight people who want to get everyone squee'ing over the idea that they might make out with someone of the same sex (because a lot of people do find that extremely hot).

Given you're 13, I'm not even going to touch on the subject of how you established you liked dicks.
you don't just start being GAY, BI, LESBIAN , PANSEXAUAL OE WHAT NOT U ARE BORN LIKE IT YOU GROW UP BEING DIFFERNT FROM THE STRAIGHT KIDS AND YOU KNOW YOUR DIFFERNT FROM AN EARLY AGE so yeah just pointing that out ther like the same sex and shit isnt just there for the taking your born that way if ur bi ur born bi
(MY THOUGHT OF IT IN WAY)
					
					

you don't just start being GAY, BI, LESBIAN , PANSEXAUAL OE WHAT NOT U ARE BORN LIKE IT YOU GROW UP BEING DIFFERNT FROM THE STRAIGHT KIDS AND YOU KNOW YOUR DIFFERNT FROM AN EARLY AGE so yeah just pointing that out ther like the same sex and shit isnt just there for the taking your born that way if ur bi ur born bi(MY THOUGHT OF IT IN WAY)love i never said anything to contradict that. i feel gay kids are meant to be gay. not genetics or a brain defect, but a way they are. like being a certain age. you are. you can't change your age just by wishing. you grow into it. thats what i think. it was a poor simile.
well i think what i think your born gay or bi or lez thats the way i see it you act differnt
im bi-curious and i kinda started wondering about 12 what i would be like to make out witha girl and i was interested when i did kiss a girl i felt fun and defiant. now im wondering if i hav fallen in love with my best friend. its not who your attracted to its who u fall in love with i love both.
well it's easy kiss a girl see if you like it if you dont well ur nothing but straight XD
actually i kinda do believe i was born bi...my first kiss was from a girl
im bi, i find that i just love kissing any gender...
because SHARING IS CARING!!!!!

and i love sharing my kisses...with everyone ^.^
well it's easy kiss a girl see if you like it if you dont well ur nothing but straight XDnot all the time. just cause you don't like kissing girls doesn't mean you aren't bi or gay
I kissed a girl.... I was bi-curious. she was bi. If you like it, be proud. you dont need to lable it hun, its just who you are
It seems that girls are way more often bi/les than guys. I'm most definitely straight, not even a doubt, but almost every girl I know is bi or bi-curious. Good for me (giggity giggity goo :3), but I still have to wonder why! Anyone have any idea?
because girls have waymore balls then guys to actually be who they are instead of trying to fit in everywhere
because girls have waymore balls then guys to actually be who they are instead of trying to fit in everywhereeven though im a guy, i agree
yes..girls are so much more confident in a sense..they have to do everything sometimes...guys just confuse us 
Go figure. I mean I'm not a homophobe or anything, that's ridiculous, but I'm just not attracted to guys. I'm glad I'm who I am... And I'm a band kid, I TRY to NOT fit in
Go figure. I mean I'm not a homophobe or anything, that's ridiculous, but I'm just not attracted to guys. I'm glad I'm who I am... And I'm a band kid, I TRY to NOT fit in  flawless  bitch is flawless tbh
BANDIE 
hey man its w/e its ur life
oh well. this is new to me but i am bisexually. havent kissed a girl. but i know i am cuz im in love with a girl and a guy.
Love this a pretty strong word, don't ya think?
Anyway, I'm Bi, I have been for a while ;o
But it shouldn't really matter what people think, cause if people judge, then they're just mean people and need to be thrown in the bins:3 It doesn't matter what you are, weather you bi, straight of gay, you'll always be important to the everyone ;D
					
					

lol ^ that is sweet. back to topic. i don't think you have to kiss someone {of same or other sex} to know what you like. just becasue you haven't sucked face or fucked doesn't nessisarily [sp?] mean you can't love 'em. but if you are under 18, i do think you need to watch the way you throw around love. by the time i am 20 love is going to be like saying tree, not really an important statement..
So... I've always had trouble with explaining things to my parents- especially my step father. And recently, my girlfriend kept on telling me to finally come out to my parents. I am bisexual and I have been for ages now. Please, can someone give me some advise on how to make my parents understand?
Also, my step dad think that homosexuals are 'sick people' and that bisexuals, like me, are just 'greedy' because they can't make their minds up.
Thanks.
Loads of love.
well u just got stand up for it i guess sounds alot easyer said then done but people r just going to have to deal with it. i mean its your life  not theres
Right, thanks for the advice  Yeah, it does sound like a really hard thing to do but I guess I'll just have to get over it and tell them.... I'll just wait 'till I have enough courage ;D
Yeh what he said, and good luck dood
Yeah, thanks.  I'm planning on telling them on Christmas eve (tomorrow) actually :'D
Ehh, I got drunk and came home with a guy and was like "We're dating" 
My parents are pretty open minded and didn't mind it though, as long as I stay safe x) 
So it depends on how your parents are and how you think they'll react. They might be shocked at first but most parents do come to terms with it after a while.
Well, I hope that they'll understand me and that they'll come to terms with it. My mum's an understanding woman, who always tries to solve the problem logically but my step dad..... just rushes into things like a bull and threatens to kill anybody that's in his way. 
I just hope it won't be too awkward..  maybe I should get drunk too? haha
Sorry, it got posted twice xD
					
					

Well you already knnow my response ^.^
yup and thanks for all the great advice!
It's ok ^.^ that's what i'm here for
And taht's what I'm here for too- when you need to talk to me about ANYTHING. You know that, right?
I know that sweetie, but do you know that about me?
You can talk to my whenever you want, about anything you want ^.^ And I really do feel like I can talk to you too.. (:
Aw you know that goes without say for me
Thanks for everything!
same to you
Ok..I like white dudes.. It's true. I mean I like other guys too but..It's just that..White guys are very attractive to me..It's just something about them. Do you like people different from your race? If so..Why? I mean..It's 2011 now and it's just terrible that some people on this Earth are still racist ..You know? I just think that all of that should be behind us all..And we should just come together as ONE. I have a really big heart and I care for everyone on this Earth..No matter what color they are. I'm one of those people who DOESN'T care what you look like..I would like you for your PERSONALITY.  But I guess..Some people just can't understand that PEOPLE ARE PEOPLE! & that we ALL have FEELINGS! I just wish we could care for one another..Forever & always..
Hehe, Mimi's the same way X).
She only likes White Dudes, English Dudes, and Japanese Dudes.
But she dose only find 2 black men hot.
Kool! I LOVE English dudes!  Japanese dudes are so adorable & aweshum!   But black dudes..I will be their friend and all..But I would only find a few that look attractive. Well..Most of the time..I would go for the foreign dudes..They're just.. Oh my goshness! .
lolin, same with Mimi XD
I love people who love me 
Yay! Lol
My ex girlfriend is black, and she was one of the best relationships ive ever had (and ive had a lot)
so i totally see your point.
Oh..That's kool.
I've only really loved one guy. That guy isn't here any more, so, yeah. I don't really feel attracted to anyone since him.
Honk honk.

-Gamzee
Aww..
*Shrugs* Whatever. It happened a while ago, and I'm pretty much over it..
Honk honk

-Gamzee
I waay agree with youu 
I think everyone should just get along.
Imagine if your looks reflected what was inside.
Would people still look the same?
Exactly!
I dont care about race  as long as they love me im cool with it thats guys and girls x)
Haha..Kool.
I'm not racist.
But I find white/asian people the most attractive.
But, mostly I find people attractive due to their personality, I couldn't be with someone if they hated everything I love, or if they were discriminating against others .
Kool. 
Since I'm a nice person..I kinda make friends from any race.
And some of my friends do look a little intimidating (some of them kinda are..lol) But they're just big (random) teddy bears once you get to know them. & That's why I love them..Because of their personalities.
I love boys who are like me. i dont really care about race.
Kool..
i'm the same way, i do still find black dudes attractive, tch! i'm dating one! but i find white guys way hotter, its just something about it. but personality come first and foremost
Yepperz.
it's not that i find white dudes more attractive, it's just that in the area i'm from, most black dudes are rude. totally a turn off. but i'm not attracted to most black girls either. maybe that's because most of the black girls i know are too... ghetto. i guess that would be a good way to describe it.
Yeah..I understand..Most of the people where I live are either country or ghetto..But I'm mostly friends with them..But there are a few who are different..Like me..Which is awesome. :3
U know my dad is white and black (inter racial) because his mom was white and his dad was black. At the time, if anyone knew about it, (and this was before my dad was born), His dad would've been hung. But they took chances, for love. Love is a powerful thing, ya know? And then after they gave birth to my dad, my, what would've been my grandpa, dies a long while later. Then in my dad's 20's, he met my mom, who was hispanic and had my half blood bro and sis. Because of them I'm black white and hispanic, and a whole lot more. Love is amazing 
If anyone else is pan, you'll kinda know what I'm talking about. It annoys me to no end when someone calls me bisexual. Bisexuality and Pansexuality are two totally different things. It's like calling someone that Lesbian straight. It just doesn't make and sense. And another thing, why is it that they also thing that it means that we'll fuck anything living? I mean seriously, don't compare is to those people. Jeeze
.
.
.
That is all
uhm.. but pansexual people are bi . as opposed to lesbians not actually being straight
i disagree with you pansexuals are totally different!
I never said bisexual and pansexual are the same. I said pansexuals are bisexual, there's a crucial difference.
i'm pansexual, and it isn't much different frm bi, but enough of a difference. Bi people and Pan people are not the same.
I see people for who they are. As my dad says, it's hearts not parts. If that makes me bi, it makes me bi. If it makes me pan, it makes me pan. But yes, it is very annoying when people get it mixed up.
I love how people like to draw lines cos it sounds cooler.

People.

Bisexual - liking both sexes
Pansexual - liking both sexes and all gender identities (plus other things maybe I don't know?)

But  as you can see, Pansexuals are most definitely bisexual. Bisexual literally means liking both genders and pansexuals like both genders as part of their sexuality.

That's like arguing you can't call English people European. English people (like me) are both English AND European, both are true and correct to call me.

Simply put.. all pansexuals are bisexuals, just because they both end in the word sexual does not mean you can only be one.

However, to note, not all bisexuals are pansexual since not all bisexuals are as... wide in their tastes.
I disagree with you, Snow. Bisexual and Pansexual are two completely different categories sexuality. They mean different things
And to the English and European part, that is a very bad example. They're obviously the same thing. Pansexuality and Bisexuality are different
I love how people like to draw lines cos it sounds cooler.People.Bisexual - liking both sexesPansexual - liking both sexes and all gender identities (plus other things maybe I don't know?)But  as you can see, Pansexuals are most definitely bisexual. Bisexual literally means liking both genders and pansexuals like both genders as part of their sexuality.That's like arguing you can't call English people European. English people (like me) are both English AND European, both are true and correct to call me.Simply put.. all pansexuals are bisexuals, just because they both end in the word sexual does not mean you can only be one.However, to note, not all bisexuals are pansexual since not all bisexuals are as... wide in their tastes.I agree to some of what you are saying but I think u should read this....The very words are different and the prefixes have different meanings. The prefix "bi" means two or duality, usually polar opposites of two extremes, as in "BI-nary" or "BI-polar". It insinuates that there is a binary. The prefix "pan" however means "all" or "all encompassing", for example the word "panorama" means a broad view, or an all encompassing view. Most bisexuals agree with this essentialist thinking in thinking that bisexual implies being attracted to BOTH sexes, male and female, and that there are ONLY two sexes, or only two genders. Also, many bisexuals hold themselves to conforming to the binary in more than just being attracted to male and female. They also hold themselves to societal binaries in terms of the types of males and females they are attracted to. Such as, they still see the world in terms of male/female, masculine/feminine, penis/vagina. They want a male that is masculine with a penis, and a female that is feminine with a vagina. Their ideas about their bisexuality still falls in line with societal norms and binaries in terms of sex, gender, and sexuality.Pansexuals however are more blind about the idea of binaries. They see the world and people in terms that don't always conform to binaries. They don't believe in just male/female, feminine/masculine, penis/vagina as the only options people can have. A pansexual person won't base their attraction on what is in your pants alone, and then place as assumption for your expected behavior based on your genitals. For example, a pansexual person may be attracted to someone who is masculine, has female genitals, but identifies their gender as genderqueer. Or a pansexual person may be attracted to a biological male that likes to wear panties, or a biological female that calls herself "William". They tend to be more apathetic about societal gender norms and conformity to them. They could be attracted to crossdressers, drag kings, drag queens, bi-gendered people, androgynes, transgenders, transsexuals, pre-op, post-op, etc. They don't limit themselves to just the binaries. They usually base their attraction to a person on their personality, intelligence, or other characteristics that are not gender/gender role/sex defined.So I agree to a point Pansexuals are like Bisexuals but there is a lot more to it...
I don't doubt there's a lot more to it  so a lot of what you say I wont even try to disagree with. But... my point is that quite simply, bisexuality is a small part of pansexuality. You can't have pansexuality without it,
Yes that makes sense, i dont disagree with you on that.
well im bi but i know atleast 5 pansexuals in LA.  i try not to confuse them to often '
"Don't compare us to those people"
And so you judge others and hope not to be judged yourself, isn't that sort of funny? 
No seriously, let people like what they like. 

I don't even care, "pansexual/bi", 'cause I love boys for the way they look, but girls I fall more in love with after I get to know them.
Sexuality shouldn't be a defining element in a person, and it also shouldn't define someones view of the person.
Wtf is a pansexual!!!!!??? Omfg are you kidding me?? Why the fuck do people have to label every little thing if someone on the street told me they were pansexual I'd stare at them in a wtf sorta face shake my head and leave. Grow the fuck up!
I felt exactly like that, when my parents made me move here in Romania from Japan from the U.S.A
I was homeschooled as well but i started it Half way threw 5th grade and i just graduated in May. But as a result of being pulled out of school i was pulled away from my freind and the one freind i would have killed anyone with a spoon to keep her close drifted away and untell last year we never talked or any thing and i finaly found her and we'll never be what we were or what i wish we could be.The sadist part is i know look at her picture every day of her and her boyfreind happy as every and i die inside the only sliver that keeps me from killing him is shes happy and hurting him would hurt her and i could never harm her i would burn myself alive before i ever harmed her.My point is rejection is a part of life we can be knocked down by it or rise above it just be proud of who YOU are not what people SAY or THINK about you because you know whats true no one else does.
Agree that rejection is a part of life... things happen and you do have to try and move on to bigger and better things. What people think is important though, that statement is silly crimson.

People are harsh, the world is harsh... but bear in mind your problems are at least ones you can strive to solve if you put your mind to it. Not everyone is so lucky.
i wasn't my parents sent me away and look at the way i turned out, Some have it worse than others
Home schooling isn't even legal here. . . (unless you're 18 + then you can take net courses) 
Anyway. I know how you feel, let's just say if you pull through and get older, things will get better, that is the only thing I can say.
I'm very much attracted to girls, they are just... sexy and oh so cute but i am very much a guy. im not very feminine and i've been thinking a lot lately what would happen if i was to get a sex change. i'd look like a guiy, i'd think like a guy but i don't think i'd still mentally be a guy and the thing is, if i was to get a sex change my feminine streak would show and i'd be like a gay guy. it's confussing, i'm bi but in my head, depending on my gender, determinds my prefference. gay guys and gay gurls and so adorible 
You shouldn't have to get a sex change to be happy. Act on what you want in your love life, even if everyone else thinks it's wrong. If you aren't living to be happy, set and example, and\or make a difference, you aren't living. You can start with happy.

Date who you want. See who you want to see.
Sex changes really aren't as clean cut as you seem to believe, you'd never be a gay guy, you'd (sadly) be a transsexual and I'm sure it'd show, especially to lovers. If you want to be lesbian (or gay girl as you put it) then that's a completely safe choice and down to you, but I'm afraid being a gay guy or changing into a guy at all, really isn't something you should idly consider - unless you're 9001% sure, don't go there.
lol this is confusing to me !    ive been told by girls n boys that im hot its taken me a while to discover im a pansexual"loves ppl for their heart not wats in their pants" but anyways soon i realized whether someone is a girl or boy they can be loved if u get a sex change it would make u straight if u turned into a boy n dated a girl but i say be who u r its your choice tho!
There's support out there no matter what you choose. I agree with SnowDoll. People will judge you no matter what, even if we were all flawless Cali girl types and straight they'd judge us. So do what makes you happy, be with who makes you happy.
lol this is confusing to me ! 	ive been told by girls n boys that im hot its taken me a while to discover im a pansexual"loves ppl for their heart not wats in their pants" but anyways soon i realized whether someone is a girl or boy they can be loved if u get a sex change it would make u straight if u turned into a boy n dated a girl but i say be who u r its your choice tho!   well i didn't know what pansexual was until a few days a go, my friend sujested i might be because i've never cared for looks, i fall for the personality and who they are, espesially when they're around me not what they look like. i don't know, i like the idea of being a guy but i like being a girl too. im not sure if i want a sex change...i'll figure it out eventually.  thanx
hey so umm well... i'm bi but i don't know how i can tell people cause the last time someone found out which was at the start of this year they made a huge deal over it and they told everyone and they would constantly make jokes about it so i told them that i wasn't bi and that i was straight so they would stop saying stuff cause it got to hard to deal with... but i don't want to be keeping a secret like this from my best friend but when she found out she was telling all my friends from school that i was and she told the one person who she know's gives me the most shit about everything and anything which made my school life heaps shit... which got me futher into depression and so i was being called emo while having thing's said about me being bi... i hate keeping this a secret cause that makes it seem like i'm ashamed of it i'm not i just don't want everyone to start saying shit about it to me all the time and telling everyone they know... Any Advice?? 
well i told the people who undestanded people that are bi pan lez and gay  just tell whom u think will understand and wont judge i told a few people then everyone knew so yeah but i have to deal with one girl whom is younger and slutter then me

She acts like she is inlove with me she says shit behind my back
she carries on about me being bi like she is my Gf or Bf it is anooying but u have to live with hard stuff to get to the good stuff
i tell her when she carries on THat NO ONE in their right mind would date her
i get so much put on me for being me

every girl whom aren't in my small group hate my guts coz i am me

DW sweetie if they say anything just be strong and do what i do i make them scared of me
the chick whom constantlly teases and makes fun of me is scared of me coz i threatened to punch her face in so i did
XD

i know that isnt helpfull
but stay strong , never give in , never give up , fight for what you want and NEVER TAKE PEOPLES SHIT
Thanks ^-^ yeah i'll try
thats good i am here for you if u ever need to talk or let out steam XD
thanks heaps! and same for you if you ever need anyone to talk to
aewsome XD
(:
XD
i love smiley faces XD
haha who doesnt they are so cute :3
yeah i allways have them in my emails and blogs
sames
lol XD
So my brother recently came out to my dad that he was gay and my dad hates it. He now hits us more than usual and is always mad (was like this before).I am bi and I was before my brother was I have had 2 girlfriends and my parents know nothing about either of them. I'm always scared of being around my dad because I'm afraid he will find out somehow and kill me. My dad is 62 so he isn't used to people being gay and whatnot. Some nights I can't sleep because of the anxiety. I barely eat anymore and have lost 25 pounds in the past 2 months. I cut a lot now, but I have before and my parents know that I do. I just have to hide it from them. My girlfriend supports me and helps me through it a lot, but it is just so scary being in a house with my father anymore.My girlfriend's father rapes her and abuses her. I want to tell but I can't because she said that she will break up with me and kill herself. She also said if I told that she would deny it. She has had 3 miscarriages from him and it hurts me as much as it hurts her. I just want to get away from all this. I will be leaving for college in two years thankfully, but I'm just scared that he will somehow find out and everything will just come crashing down around me.I'm going to use this site to vent so don't hate please. 
How to phrase this....

Your girlfriend is a lot more likely to break down/break up with you/kill herself due to being raped from her father than by you reporting him. Let it happen to her and there's an extremely high chance it's going to screw her over for the rest of her life.

Secondly... if your dad hits you, again, you really need to report that, both for you and your brother's sake, it's not ok and it'll do more damage to you and your brother mentally than you think. Yes, I'm sure you can endure it but it'll damage you in the long term.

Not gonna hate though, feel free to cope how you feel you must but I can't help but give advice there, because just putting up with things is often the easiest option in the short term and worst in the long.

As for barely eating, I do know what it's like there and that no amount of "you must eat you must eat you must eat" is going to make any kind of difference here. If you can eat at least once a day (if you can manage twice then go for it!) and make sure you vary what you eat on a day to day basis (i.e do try to get some veg/fruit, some carbs, some protein etc..) so that you don't get malnutrition then you "should" be ok, I know I was but I guess everyone is different so don't take my word for it or anything... but having a regular eating pattern is very important when you struggle to eat, just randomly eating when you feel like it is a downward spiral when compared to ensuring you eat at a specific time each day.

Also idk if you're like me in the food area but I always find eating makes me feel sick/feel like crap and often ill after.. therefore when I do eat (and will therefore get ill) I make sure I eat plenty since I'm going to feel like crap no matter how much/little I eat.
im bi myself so i know what its like to have to hide it from your parents. I live with my mum and 2 sisters, I'm the oldest and my mum is homiophobic. I've had 3 girlfriends, honestly i don't mean to be rude, but i think your girl is so strong to stay at home. I couldn't do it. I think  you should get her away from there, and maybe talk to your father about whats happening. Or talk to a consular or something along those lines. You and your brother shouldn't have to go through this.
Baby dear you have to tell someone about the abuse.  It is not healthy.  Youll never get it to stop unless you tell someone.  Also, encourage your girlfriend to tell someone about her situation.  Both of you need to get out of everything.  It will never stop if you dont.  Believe me, i know. 

And i know how it is to hide your sexuality from everyone.  Im bi and have kept it secret since seventh grade (im a junior now).  Your family will find out eventually.  Mine did last year.  It was so ugly.  I encourage you to do what you think would be proper for you in that situation.

The whole not eating thing worries me.  Ive been down that road and youll end up in the hospital.  It is not enjoyable.  You cannot be healthy if you dont eat.  I really urge you to force yourself to eat no matter what dearie.  Please.

I really hope everything works out and you find the courage to take action.  I wish you luck 
I have a girlfriend but i want more from the relationship. At the moment its pretty much just the title and im really really confussed. My friend is crushing on me and so no one gets hurt she proposed friends with benefits because its long distance but that aside i also want someone who will kiss me in public, cuddle me at school and will hold my hand like a couple. I dont want them to be ashamed or afraid to be with me. Except mu girlfriend has to hide the relationship and it feels like there really isnt one. :'( 
How does friends plus benefits avoid anyone getting hurt...?

Anywho, in answer to the actual question - ask your girlfriend about it, it's the easiest and simplest way to see if she's actually ashamed or not.
Ask her, not us. 
I'd say she's just shy about it though, could be anyway.
Besides, isn't it okay to be cuddly while you're alone, you don't have to be in public right? 
I actually think it's sort of "icky" to see couple make out in public xD  I think it's a bit disturbing.
I know i should talk to her about it but i just dont onow how to go about it... so im asking for your opinions and sujestions....
Well i asked her and she has to hide "us"  because of her family and i dont want her going threw the same crap i did just because i want attention.
No, it doesnt have to be in public but thats how i am. I like people knowing who i am with because i wanna be with them. Its what im used to. And it might be "icky" and "disturbing" but this is how i feel. If you wanna be with someone why  hide it?
Oh and to confuse things even more, my friend thinks i shouldnt have jumped into a relationship after being in one for just under ten months, she thinks i should "mess around" because i havent really gotten over my ex and im kinda thinking that some of that might be truthful. Id hate to hurt my girlfriend but is being with her for the best? I mean,we have to hide it from her family, we cant exactly tell my family cause theyll only take me away from her, we cant be at school because her brother is there and we sure as hell cant go out in public. 

I know that i sound like a winey little bitch but i honestly dont know what to do...
you should tell her. just be straight up about it. she may just be shy. and if that's not it, are you sure that shes in love with you? is she worth it?
Whoa whoa whoa... stop right there... you didn't mention that before. You can't intro her to your family either, therefore you really should NOT be placing all the blame of you being private on her shoulders... it's completely shared and both of you have situations that are forcing you underground. I'm sure your reasons for not introducing her to your family are valid but I'm also sure that hers are too.

It's give and take, if you can't intro her to your family then I can't see why you'd expect her to intro you to hers (or allow her brother to notice).

As for messing around it sounds like your friend is just being selfish and trying to convince you to get with her in any which way she can honestly... it's not really the best choice to take relationship advice from someone who has a personal interest in the outcome like this.
-head explodes- 

Ill take thus all into consideration. Thank you
Ok i have to ask this, why cant i kiss my girlfriend?
I was with her last night, all cuddles but no kisses, except on the cheek. 
I want to kiss her, an i know she wants to kiss me but i just physically cant make myself kiss her... its weird.
Any ideas on why i cant will myself to kiss her? (This girl was my bestfriend, that may contribue...)
i have an idea....not really, but maybe you feel guilty about something
Mimi:

That might be why. Cuz she's been your bestfriend for a while you'll get this really weird felling.
I know cuz i went out with my bestfriend and she really wanted to kiss me but i couldn't do it.
Sadly, we're not together but we're still besties
Im not sure about guilt but i know its not awkward.

Its like having a brick wall between us... i physically can kiss her
Sean, is there a pissibility Blake could be the one to blame? Im seriously screwed up by it... maybe fear stops me?
i was thinking that, that was my second thought i forgot to mention, i was thinking maybe blake keep popping in your head and thats why you cant
True. Thats a possibility... i dont wanna let it happen again.
take my idea and punch blake in the face.....or get me to
I still have affection for that bastard otherwise id let you, you know that. And anyway it still doesnt help me... im mentally loosing it every way possible.
well it was the same for me and my ex he was like that with me we both were best freinds and everything but when we tried to kiss it didn't happen but after awhile of playing around and fake fights it just happend so maybe you have to play the waiting game maybe SHE WILL KISS you !
just hold in there
sorry i don't have that much advice
I am very proud of being bi, but sometimes its exhausting.  I get harrassed a lot, called terrible names, and all of that.  I just, i wish somedays i was just straight.  That would make some of the bullying go away and my parents would love me again (well, kinda).  I always get so tired of everything i wanna give up.  The point is, does anyone else (bi, gay, or lez) ever feel like you just wanna be straight?  Like even for a second?
Hunny i never think of being straight because i love being bi-sexual, its apart of who i am  Yeh i get harrassed, teased and sometimes i get hit but i feel strongly about being bi  i walk around with my head held high and ignore the jugdemental homophobic assholes because i am who i am they cant fucking change me for nothing  It was hard at first because my family was weird about me being bi but i have been bi-sexual for over 2years now and im happy just being me  you should be happy being you not what anyone else wants you to be hunny
Its so hard though.  Especially the whole family hating me thing.  I kept my sexuality inside for five years.  I knew everyone would react badly.  Im not the strongest person ever (im so weak im constantly having to pull myself out of depression).  Im really struggling.
Hunny il help you through it  Il help you be strong
pshh if anything I think about going all out lez. guys just piss me off too much and it seems they're only after sex.
pshh if anything I think about going all out lez. guys just piss me off too much and it seems they're only after sex. lol i totally agree
Awh well, I used to pretend I was straight for a while.
But that didn't work out very well, and in the end it doesn't really matter.
It's not really other people's buisness, but if they want to stick their noses in it, it just means they've got nothing better to do.
So screw them. Stay strong, or something like that
blech
So im wondering if any homophobes would be willing to share on why they feel the way they do. I wont cut on you unless you cut one. Please leave a comment or message me. Thanks.
I used to be I think the main reason is I didn't understand and my father was one and he sorta influenced me, but since I found the lord I've become tolerant and accepting, though I still disagree with what homosexuals are doing they are still humans
Im one girl who really hates homophobes =( I'm bi-sexual and I hate discrimination against my sexual orientation  yeah people have their own opinions but do they really have to put others down ? It aint fair at all  my honest opinion is that homophobes are judgemental assholes
I absolutely HATE Homophobes! They piss me off so much. One of my bestest friends is gay and it really pisses me off when people make fun of him for it. I have beat some kids asses for making fun of him because of it. That also goes for racists, prejudices, as well as homophobes. If your going to be making fun of anyone in my presence you better watch your back cause I WILL KICK YOUR ASS! I believe in Equal Rights for all!
^^^^^ I so totally agree with you Shawn
Christians that use the name of God as reason to hate are nothing but hypocritical asses, Jesus said to love and not judge.
Thank you my lovlies.
say guys...whats a homophobe? .
someone who is scared of homosexuals which usually turns into them hating them
they are assss holessss.....
yes..yes they are
Homophobes are a bunch of judgemental fuckwits who discriminate against one persons sexual orientation  Homophobes should just get a fucking clue
Homophobes are a bunch of judgemental fuckwits who discriminate against one persons sexual orientation  Homophobes should just get a fucking cluewooooo go tiffy
Im fucking over all these fucking spastic homophobes they should look at themselves before they decide to be judgemental fuck tards to others
Homophobes really piss me off i had one talking shit about me yesterday  oh fuck did i give it too em lol
Wish i was like you.
With the bad ass attitude ? I could help you be confident and shit like me
Homophobes are typically males who find that making fun of another's sexual orientation make them feel more certain about theirs.
The same thing is about bullies but it's much more broad.
I'm never really bothered by them because I have no orientation.
Best solution is to ignore them. They're like forum trolls, all they want is a rise out of you.
Honk honk

-Gamzee
Hi. I was just wondering what is there to talk about gender and sexuality
Theres a lot to talk about.  Lots of political issues (i get so fired up bout gay marrige) feelings about being gay, bi, or lez (im bi, so i would know lol).
discrimination against peoples sexuality pisses me off
God ikr? It makes me so angry.
I was teased to the shit house when i came out and said i was bi-sexual everyone around me treated me differently and it pissed me off to the point where i cut myself and yelled at everyone
I had sticks, food, paper thrown at me and was also sprayed with water at school, not to menton the remarks spat at me .( nob litteral) too. Then on top of all of that i had a girfriend to look out for. Then came the fights and arguments,,or as they called it " disgussions" from my parents. Its hard being a gay teen when the whole world seems to be against you.
I had sticks, food, paper thrown at me and was also sprayed with water at school, not to menton the remarks spat at me .( nob litteral) too. Then on top of all of that i had a girfriend to look out for. Then came the fights and arguments,,or as they called it " disgussions" from my parents. Its hard being a gay teen when the whole world seems to be against you.God i know right seriously im sick of homophobes i just wish i didnt have to deal with the same shit everyday
